; THE NO.YELÏST. iC; AN AUSTRALIAN SQUIRE [BY TELE AUTHOB OF " THE SQÜA.TTEB'B DBBAJÍ," &O.; | l'¿±yJÁ "i. CHAPTEE XX,-CONTINUED. -Within a short interval, old Tom, after due notice oft his intention to leave the employment, presented himself before his master; dressed and accoutred aei for a'journey, leading old Boney and followed hythe uncompromising Crab. His scanty effects were fastened in a roll -in front of his saddle, his coiled- stockwhip was pendant from his side buckle.;'-All things, even to the stern fixed look iípóh! the'weather-beaten features, betokened a settled resolution. Fm going to leave the old place, Mr. Effing- ham;?' be said, " and it's sorry I am to quit the family and the Lake and the hounds, where I laid it^out^to cover the ould bones of me some day. Finr wishin'rthe divil betther divarshin' another time than to be botherm' with the family saycrets of the likes o' me. Sure he might have lushins of work, in this country, without disturbin' the last days of poor ould Tom Glendinning^ and he's sure of me, anyhow. I'm broken-hearted:" ( , <i Hush, Tom," said his employer, truly grieved atHhe unfortunate turn things had taken, "we all sympathise deeply with Major Glendinning's feel- ings with; regard to the suddenly discovered secret of;his,birth. But, after all, his duty calls upon him to recognise the ties of nature, and I have no doubt'that after some time has elapsed he will accommodate himself to the relationship." ' "D-n the relationship 1" broke out the old man, menacingly, "and sure I ax your pardon, sir/ for the word ; but 'tis broken-hearted I am, that the Major, a soldier and a rale gentleman every; inch of him, that's fought for the Queen and skivered them infernal blackamoors in the lnjies like a man, should be given out as the son of a ;blasted óuld rapparee like me. It was asy guessing; when I seen him with thatlook abouthim wlien he's vexed and heard the name, b ut how could I dräme that my son could have turned into a King's officer- all'as one as the best of the land. If I hud known it for sartain before he axed me, I'd have lived beside him, or worked for him as a common stockman, for years, if he'd come here, and he'd never have known it no more than the dead. It's a burning shame and a sin, that's what it is !" \\_ " It may have been truly unfortunate," said Mr. Effingham, " but I can never regard it as wrong that a father and:à Bon should, under any circum- stances, come to the knowledge of their mutual relationship." "And- whynot, I ask yep" demanded the old man, savagely, """What good has, it done either of us? . It's sent him back^ with a'sore heart, 'to live among them hlack divils and5snakes and tigers, a murdtherin' hot country it is by all accounts, when he might have bought a place handy here and bred horses and cattle-sure he's an iligant rider and shoots beautiful, don't he now ? I wonder did he take them gifts after me?" said the old man, with the first softened expression and a half sigh. "Sure if 1 could only have known, and plazed myself with lookin' at him, I wouldn't say but I might have listened to Parson Stern worth and-and-repinted, after all that's come and gone 1 And now I'm on | the old track again, with ten divils tearin' at me, and who knows what will happen ?'' _ " There's no necessity for you to lead a wild wandering life, or indeed to work in any shape, even if you leave the district," said Mr, Effingham. " I have a sum in my hands, forwarded by the Mainr. sufficient for all your wants."~" " " I'll not touch a- penny of it-sure it's blood money, no less. It's his life, any way, will pay for this ! didn't I see his eye, when ho shook hands with me and begged my pardon for his pride, and asked me to bless him-me/"-and here the old man laughed derisively, a sound not pleasant to hear. " If there's any fighting where he's going,, and he lives out the year, it will be because lead and cold steel has no power to harm a man that wants to die. No ! I'll never touch it ; and why would I ? Sure I'll have my regular cheque. I'll drink mvself to death fast enough, without help." " But why leave the neighbourhood, surely yon can easily lind employment in the district? -I'feel grieved that, after your faithful services to us, you should leave in such a wretched state of mind." " Maybe I'll do ye more sarvice before 1 die ; but I must get into the far-out bush runs, or I'll go mad thinking of him. It was my damnable timper that let out the words so quick, or he'd never have known till his dying day ; and the rheumatiz was to blame, that keeps burning in the marrow of every bone of me, at times, like a red hot iron, till I couldn't speak a civil word to the blessed Saviour himself. Anyhow, it's .done"now j but of all the deeds I ever did-and there's what would hang me on the list-I sorrow over that the most, and will till I die. Good-bye, sir. God bless the house, and them that's in it." The old man mounted his way worn steed with more agility than his appearance promised, and taking the track which led southward went slowly along the road without turning his head or making further speech. The dog unwillingly rose to his feet and trotted after him. In a few moments the characteristic "trio passed from sight. " How mysterious are the ways of Providence 1" thought Effingham, as he turned towards the house. " Who would ever have thought that the fortunes of this strange old man would ever have been associ- ated with me or mine. I feel an unaccountable presentiment, as if this incident, inexplicable as it is, were but the forerunner of evil 1" ' ? : * * * * .*> » * « * - - » - J* * .sf nc if ir w w. Autumn and "Winter Lad passed in the ordinary unbroken succession of regular duties and peace- ful enjoyments, whick had now become easy and habitual, and which the expatriated family had learned to love. The departure of the old stock- man was, in some respects, felt as a loss and incon- venience, but the brothers, with Dick Evans's aid and^counsel, felt themselves now able to supply his place without employing a successor. Guy had grown into a stalwart youngster, apt at all the minor bush accomplishments. He was able to ride the unbroken colts, which their own stud now produced, and was well acquainted with all the ways and wanderings of the outlying cattle. He had acquired all the lore of the waste, in which old Dick was so able an instructor. He could plait a hide-rope, make bullock-yokes, noose and throw the unbranded cattle, drive a team, split and put up "fencing stuff;" and in many ways do a man's work, when needed, as efficiently as his preceptor. Dick prophesied that he would become a " lead- ing squatter" and distinguished bushman in years to come. Indeed, by his tales of " taking up new country," and of the inore adventurous branches of station life, he fostered a thirst for more extended and responsible action, which, when expressed, gave his parents some uneasiness. The boy had never forgotten the stirring legends of Mr. St. Maur, and deep in his heart lay a settled resolve to achieve, in years to come, the brilliant j successes which their guest had described as pos- j sible to the intrepid explorer. He .had already begun to acquire the true Aus- tralian bush-bred youths' contempt for the narrow bounds involved by a residence on " purchased land." He impatiently awaited the day when he should be able to sally forth, with à herd of his own and the necessary equipment, to seek his fortune amid the romantic unexplored wilds of the far in- terior. He commenced to lose interest in the daily round of home duties; and though from long habit and the instinctive chivalry of a deeply affectionate nature, as yet dutifully loyal* to his parents' bidding, he more than once conf essed.that he longed for independent action. "There's â good living for one household," ho said one day to his elder brother, "and I could stay here leg-roping and milking, and driving the team at plough for ever, if mother wished it ; but I can't help thinking, now I'm six feet high and up to most things that any fellow can do, that it's lost time, both of us staying at home." " But what could you do?" said Wilfred, " we have made a fair thing these last two years, and have a steady market for everything we can grow and breed, still we havn't cash enough to buy a new run." . "' "What do other people do?" queried the younger son. " Go out with a couple hundred mixed cattle and find one. There was George Cornfield went out last year with a dray and teams, rations for a year, a mob of old cows, and all the cull bullocks and weaners, and his brother Joe told me, yesterf day.^that he had found afirst-rate run'on the.Levels, big enough for three thousand head, and óut-and out fattening country." "But the blacks are bad, they say," said the more cautious senior, " and the water precarious ; you might lose half your cattle. Besides, if any- thing happened you it would kill our mother at once." *' Don't you be afraid of me. I can take care of myself, and never throw a chance away, you may 1 depend, I wouldn't do anything to grieve the dear , old: lady, let alone the girls, for the world ; but you 'must see that I canft be trotting after my mammy all ;my life, I must take my chances, like other men. Besides, we're getting overstocked here, and it's a murder to sell these nice heifeis tbat are coming on for store cattle prices. You might talk to the governor for me. It will be better for all of us/' . ; " Well, I'll.see what I can do ; in the meantime, no one knows what this season turns out like. From something old Dick said, the other day, I'm afraid it's likely to be dry, and that might change our plans with a Vengeance, if half the old tales are true." " I don't want to do anything rash," said the boy, " and if any bad times come I'll stick to you back and edge, you may be sure. But we must look ahead a bit. There'll be Seiden coming on in a few more years, and we can't all stay here growing cheeses and making mere farmers of ourselves, lust because it's a comfortable place to live in. What is it all ?-twelve or fifteen thousand acres at the outside-why it's nothing, in a country like this, when you come to look at it. You keep it in your mind, that's all, and let us werk together, as I hope we always shall." " I will do that," said the elder brother, " if you will premise to be patient and be guided by my advice for another year. There is something in what you say." The voice of Spring, the memorable season of eighteen hundred and thirty- seven, was once more heard in forest and valley, by the lonely streams on the rùgged mountain top, as of old. The win- ter had been unusually dry, but the growth of pas- ture waa but little affected by that circumstance. The greater part of the lands at Warbrook Chase were exceptionally rich as to soil, and they had been SO;thoroughly saturated in past seasons, that no lack of moisture was at present observable. Perhaps the waving billowy meadows ripened more rapidly than they had before noticed. Other- wise the sward was gloriously thick and abundant, and the herd was, as usual in October, in magnifi- cent condition. Still ¿was there a perceptible change, notwith- standing the abundance of pasture, in the general characteristics of the season. The clouds that gathered from time to time in the sky, formerly wont to discharge their seasonable showers, passed away, rainless and disappointing. The north-west- erly wind blew continuously, for days, hot with the desert breath of the far interior and prematurely hastening the maturity of the herbage. Dust commenced to be searching and prevalent. Ere the end of October had been reached, the appear- ance of the landscape resembled that of Christmas- tide. Indeed, as far as the arid appearance of mattersgenerally went, it was less satisfactory than the preceding midsummer. One morning Dick Evans came up to the house with a serious and resolved air. " I wanted to see you, sir, about a thing as don't ought to be neglected like, no longer. The sea- son's getting that queer, thatwemayfind ourselves in a bad way and no notice given. We must burn round the place, and no two ways about it." "Burn round the place, Richard?" said Mr. Effingham, deeply shocked. " Sane people don't set fire to their places in Australia, surely ?" " You don't understand, Captain," said Dick, with the faintest suspicion of a grin. " After all, it's only laying waste the country before the inimy. But we've had such desperate fine seasons, as you're not the only one as don't know the vally of a little fire at the right time." " If you don't want me to imagine that you have gone out of your ¡^nind from overdoing the total abstinence theory, Richard, you will explain this mysterious fire-raising idea." " Well, sir," quoth the old man, not relaxing for an instant his military erectness, but evidently preparing himself for a full explanation, " the rea- son of it's this here. In a dry season-and I'm afeard, sure as I'm a livin' sinner, this is shapin' for one-the bushfires, when the grass is pretty flush, but dry, and there's been no showers to mysten the undergrowth, comes upon ye awful suddent like. A blackfellow starts it, or more like a loafin' swagman chuckin' down a match or too lazy to put out a camp fire, and, if the wind's right, down it comes on ye sweeping away fences and stacks and sheds and stables and house, and all. I've known that afore now." "How very awful I" said Effingham, looking over the yellowing waste of waving grass, which he could not help perceiving to be assuming a re- semblance of ripe corn, and then regarding his trim hay stacks, the neat exclusive range of cow-shed and stabling, barn and hut roofs, which at some distance from the house formed quite a small vil- lage. " But why start the fire, as you say P" .* TTe can't help that," said Dick. "No one ever knows how it comes. Some says a glass bottle acts like a boy's burning-glass and touches off the, dry stuff. But our weather's that burning hot, now and then, that I wouldn't take my davy that .the sun didn't do it hisself, right out of his own ": head like. Anyhow, you sees a smoke rise up like a tall chimley, then it gets blacker and bigger ; by-and-by you see the flame, lucky if you don't feel it-in your pocket, leastways." " Then the fire must come and we must sit still arid be burned. This was not represented to me when I thought of emigration." " Dessay not, sir, they never tells ye anything but lies at that time. I was obligated to come, ànd'didn't trouble iny head about what sort of a Country it was when I got the route, but a kind of touter fellow says to me one day, says he, 'If you know any "respetable young men as would like the 'noble lifo bf a colonist,' says he, ' I can assure you . that it's the easiest Country in the world to Set /rich in, as there's great herds of cattle and ocks of sheep, and they oan take as many as they like to stook their runs with.'. '* ' What: does the owners say P I asks. . ««Oh! they're only blacks,' says he, 'What matter shootin' a few of them P' "However, I'd been where there wasj black S" eople, afore, and 1 knew that sort of} thing idn't wash'; so I up and told him that he must think me a rogue or a fool-that I know he was both-so I knocked his hat over his eyes and he left. But this aint explaining ' justifiable' arson,' as old Judge Burton called it." " He approved of it then P" said Mr. Effingham, humouring the old man's joke, " Yes, Bir, fend it's thë only way to make per factly sure of your homestead and fencing, what- ever may happen to the run. You'll let all the hands come with me after breakfast, sir, there's no wind." " Certainly, Eichard, do as you will, if it be a pre- cautionary measure." About the hour of ten, therefore, the slight dew having by that time totally disappeared, Richard Evans made his appearance, armed with a large green branch, having with him Wilfred, Guy, Andrew, Duncan, and a couple of" travellers" who had been at the hut overnight. These were simi- larly accoutred. " Whatever are they all going to do P" asked Annabel, who was on the verandah, eager to pick up any novelty that may be hovering about ; *' they look as it they were going on an embassy to a savage tribe." > " Perhaps we had better look," said Rosamond, quietly. " Old Dick is evidently about to do some- thing important." As she spoke, the old man stooped and, lighting a match, ignited the feathering plume of the fully ripe grass. It immediately blazed up and com- menced to spread with alarmine rapidity. Anna- bel screamed as the fire roared and blazed towards the garden fence, which it was permitted almost, to touch, but at the same moment its outward pro- gress was stayed by judicious " beating out" with the sweeping green besoms, and also at thè fence, thus practically confining it to a few yards in? width. It left a broad black ribbon of bare singed earth, denuded of every blade of herbage. "What a wonderful idea J" said Annabel. " Cor-, tainly that old . Dick' is one of the cleverest men in the world. A second Natty Bumppo, only there are no Indians to shoot, lt seems a pity to spoil so much fine grass, but I suppose it's all for the' best." , " Dick is a good instance," said Rosamond, " of the manner in which the intelligence of one of our ordinary villagers is heightened by experience/ Fancy what a difference, would have existed if he had never been ten miles from his native village, like some of our people in Surrey. They were very good, patient, steady workers; but fancy their intellectual inferiority to old Dick." ! r " I'm afraid Dick is more wicked "than any of, our village worthies. I wonder whether it is a necessary consequence of travelling. You always see, in books, that the returned wanderer is strongly suspected of Jbeing a freethinker, and of being no, better than he should be in many ways." "I'm afraid Dick, not to mention old Tom, would create rather a commotion in our native place," said Rosamond ; " how they would'stare at' them. But they are not likely to do the grand tour." : . " Oh ! dear, what a quantity of ground is fire-" blackened and spoiled," said Annabel, watching the progress of the relentless Richard, who, as a species of Destroying Angel, was careering about with his band, carrying (limited) fire and destruc- tion everywhere. Occasionally the fire would appear to overpower the little band, and an inde- pendent flame would sweep off in a curve, to the right or left, to be promptly pursued; and des- patched with desperate efforts. But gradually the whole of the buildings bf the homestead, the garden, stackyard and stockyard fences were en? circled with a broad band of nonconducting naked earth. Then the inside of this circle was burned in patches, and with patience, until Deck's "consum- ing ambition" was satiated. . - " There," he said, as, when the dinner-bell sounded, he rested with his bough held triumph- antly aloft, like a Marshal's baton, himself covered with dust and as black as if he had been stoking in a Red Sea steamer, "I think it may come now. There's one homestead that won't be cleared out this season, no matter what a sweep these next hot winds will make. You see, sir, the fire may come up as fierce as it likes, but the moment it gets to this here line it's blocked, and everything inside's as safe as a church. But the old- woman's dinner will be ready, and I'm thirsty enough to drink a gallon of tea." Considerable purification was needed before WiU, fred and Guy felt justified in taking their places at table. The: process was at length completed, and. they joined the family circle fully satisfied that a' very important precaution had been adopted,- the manner and measure of which they would have been sorely tried to combine, but for the ready resources of the many-sided Dick. , Mr. Effingham looked very serious at the idea pf the wholesale destruction of pasturage which must take place, even if the arrest of a great fire was. rendered possible. Wilfred and Guy thought^orn rowfully of the future bf their herd, deprived of all the best " frontage" grazing grounds. But as the days wore on and an interval of cool delicious weather intervened, though without rain, and the cattle preserved their ordinary condition, the family presently lapsed into their usual and un-, doubting hopefulness. ' Towards the margin of the lake indeed such was the vaporous freshness of the air from the great expanse of water that a slight appearance of ver- dure was preserved by the more marshy portions of the great flats. Amid these the cattle daily revelled and fed. They might often have been seen grouped in large droves, far out on the promontories, or wading amid the shallowing reed- beds which, fringed the shore, long after tho sun had set, and the hot breathless night, boding of storms which came not, had closed in. Among the neighbours the state of matters by no means passed without observation and remark. Nought save desultory discussion ensued. Except O'Desmond no one had been sufficiently long in the colony to have had experience of former abnormal seasons. Curiously he was the one who took the most despondent view of matters, from which a dis- passionate observer might have augered ill. " 1 hope to heaven that we are not going to have a repetition of 1827," he said ; " one experience of " that sort is enough to last a man for his lifetime." u Was it anything so very awful ?" said Hamil- ton, the conversation taking place at Benmohr, at which highly convenient rendezvous Wilfred and Churbett had encountered that gentleman, "one fancies that you ancient colonists were not very full of expedients." "No doubt we have much to learn from the accomplished gentlemen who have done us the honour to invest in our colony of late years," said O'Desmond, grandly, with a bow of the Regency . " but if you had seen what I have, you would not undervalue the danger. Meanwhile I don't greatly care to talk about it. Only if this year ends badly, I shall leave Badahos to my old couple, muster all my stock, and start into the wilderness without waiting for another." " What direction shall you take ?" said Hamil- ton. " Due south, until I strike the head waters of the Oxley and the Billabong. These I shall follow down, and make my depot wherever I discover a sufficiently tempting basis." " It has quite a heroic ring about it," said Wil- fred; "but for certain things, I would fain do \- likewise. How aboutjprovisions ?" " I shall take a year's supply of tea, sugar, and flour, tobacco, clothing. We drive our meat before us." W" And the blacks?" " I think I know all that can be known about them," said O'Desmond. "They recognise chiefs among the white men. If one does not fear them, they are to be dealt with as children." "You will find it hard to quit your pleasant life at Badanos for the desert," said Wilfred. " Not at all, the sharper the contrast, the more easily is the change made by the true adventurer and explorer. Besides I travel on such occasions with a well organised expedition. I take my cook, my groom, my four-in-hand. What do ' you say ? Come with me for the first week or two. I can promise you a chop broiled to perfection. I must show you my ' rever- sible griller,' of which I am the proud patentee." Here the door was loudly knocked at, and being opened without further ceremony, disclosed the serious countenance of Wullie Teviot, apparently out of breath. " Maister Hamilton and gentlemen a'," he said, "I'm no in a poseetion to do my errand respectfully the noo but hae just breath to warn ye that there's a muckle bush fire coming fast frae the direction o' Maister Effingham's. I trust we'll no he the waur o' it." This ended all migratory speculations abruptly.Each man started to his feet. Hamilton left the room to' secure a horse and order out his retainers, "Wilfred to try and make out whether the heavy black spreading cloud on the horizon was across his boundary. " I and my man will go with Hamilton," quoth O'Desmond. "As , for Effingham, I think he bad better make for home, and see how \it is likely to affect him." ' Hamilton was dashing down the paddock on a bare-backed steed by this time, to run up the hacks and also to get a horse for the'spring cart, to be fully loaded with spare hands for the scene of action, besides that invaluable adjunct, in a bush fire, a small cask of water. " I hardly like leaving,'' said Wilfred, " it looks sel- fish." "Don'tmind about the sentiment, my young friend," said O'Desmondj " if your run is afire you will need to help old Dick and his party, I'll be bound the, old rascal's half-way there already. He is not often caught napping." Then Wilfred "mounted too," and sped away,' galloping madly towards the great masses of ever increasing involuting darksome cloud. It proved to be further off than he expected. He had ridden far and fast, when he reached the border where he could hear the crackling of the tender leaflets, and watched the red line which licked up so cleanly every dry stick and bush, with every stalk and plant, and modest tuft of grass. He then found that the chief duty, not so much of meeting the enemy, as of quietly guiding and persuading him to turn his fiery footsteps in a different direction, was being satisfactorily performed by Mr. Richard Evans. Guy, in wild delight at being made lieutenant of the party, was dashing ever and anon into the centre of the smoke and flame, and dealing blows with his immense bough like a ßersekar. " Head it off, lads," Dick was saying when Wil- fred rode up. "It's no use trying to stop it altogether in the long grass. Keep hard at this outside corner, and edge him up towards the ranges. Then he may burn till all's blue." " Why Dick," said he to his trustworthy veteran, "how did you manage to get here so quickly. They've only just found it out at Benmohr." " They'll find it out pretty smart, sir, if there's a shift of wind to-night. It don't need much coaxing our way, but it means Benmohr, with a southerly puff or two. If it gets into that grassy bit by the old stockyard it will burn at the rate of fifty mile an hour." Hour after hour did they werk by the line of fire ere Dick's scrupulous vigilance could permit any kind of halt or relaxation. It was an exciting and not unpleasant species of work Wilfred thought, walking up and down the red gleaning line of tongues of fire which licked up so remorse- lessly the tangled herbage, the lower shrubs, the dead flower stalks, and all scattered twigs and branches of the fallen trees. The night was dark, but cloudless. As ever and anon the fire caught some tall dead tree, and running up it, seized the hollow trunk, and held out red signals from each limb and cavity, high up among the branches, the effect against the dark- some sky, the dull, dead massed gloom of the mountain range was grandly effective. In the lurid light, the moving figures upon whose faces the fierce light occasionally heat, seemed weird and phantasmal. Patiently did the wary leader watch the line of fire, which had been extinguished on the side next to the lower lands, now castine back a half burned log far within the blackened area, and anon beating at some insidious tussac of dried grass, ignited by a smouldering ember. When once the defensive line had been in a manner subdued, it was easily kept under by sweeping the half burned grass and sticks back from the still inflammable herbage into the bared apace now devoid of fuel. Much vigilance was still needed, as ever and again a half burned tree would crash down across the line, throwing forth sparks and burning embers, or perhaps lighting up a temporary conflagration. (TO BB CONTINTJBD.) We understand that the Government, in compli- ance with the request of the board of directors of the Sydney Infirmary, will issue a deed conveying to them the present Bite of the building, as recommended by a select committee in 1870, to be held in trust for the purposes of a general hospital. If the board expend upon the proposed new buildings the funds they nave at present in hand (about £20,000), the grant will be unconditional, save, of course, that it is to be held in trust j but if the Government are to aid them with public fundB to any considerable extent, then they will retain a voice in the direction of the affairs of the institution, as in the case of the Prince Alfred Hospital. On this footing the Government will recom- mend to Parliament a grant of > £25,000, which is considered sufficient, with the £20,000 the directors have in hand, for the purpose of erecting and equipping the new infirmary buildings. The Government wül also take the authority of Parliament by resolution for the removal of the old buildings. It ia believed that this will meet the viewB of the board with reference to the vexed question of hospital accommodation. 