COL(ffllAL TELEGRAMS. ; special, tbusgraxsl v [From our own Correspondent s.] VICTORIA, Melbourne, January 11. The Australian Eleven returned to town last night and will now disband. A meeting re the Anti-Chinese movement was held last night, at which it was resolved to form a permanent Anti-Chinese Fond. The annual sale of the Hon. Neil Black's shorthorns at Mount Noorat yesterday was fairly successful. There was brisk competition, hut the prices will not compare with those of previous years, although better than at other sales recently held. The highest price realized was for a stud heifer—115 guineas. Owing to the inconvenience to the inhabitants of the Border districts between Victoria and Sonth Australia from the collection of Customs duties it is proposed between the two Govern ments that they should take an account of the dnties fpr a year, and at the end of that period come to an arrangement by which the duties will be paid in a lump stun to whichever colony is found to have the balance in its favour. The Sonth Melbourne Eleven concluded their innings for S17. The Canterbury team in their second irnings scored 134. The South Mel bourne won. the match by-193 runs. A preliminary meeting is to be held on Tues \- day to take steps to organize a -movement to assist the funds for the relief of the shareholders, of the City of Glasgow Bank. According to telegrams from Hay the Kelly gang have crossed the Border.' Four men, answering exactly the description of the Kellys robbed a hut at Kooba Station, nearHay, taking a double-barrelled gun and a quantity of rations and clothes. The police have started in pursuit. Sailed—South Australian. Melbourne, January 12. A telegram from Hay states that the four men who; crossed the Murrumbidgee atTubbo were stockmen fron^VancoCreek. -They robbed Feyer's hut near Hay, taking provisions. They have not yet been captured, although the men are believed to have been seen in Hay. Speculation is rife as to Ministerial plans in regard to the vacant Judgeship in the Supreme Court. The statement that Sir Bryan O'Loghlen will he appointed is contradicted, and the Attorney-General^will retain the acting Premier ship until'Mr. Berry's return. A well-founded rumour is, however, current that on Mr. Berry's return so soon as convenient with Ministerial arrangements Sir Bryan O'Loghlen will receive the vacant Judgeship. Twenty prisoners who were arrested last week under the Outlawry Act for aiding and abetting the Kelly gang were brought up at the Beechworth Gaol on Saturday, and all remanded for a weeki Several large bushfires are raging in Gipps land, doing considerable damage. Arrived—Shannon, from Loudon. Melbourne, January 13. Sir- Hercules Robinson returns from Glen ormiston to-day, and leaves for Sydney to morrow. j . The official reports relative to the two railway accidents on the Government lines will be con sidered to-jday on Mr. Woods' return. In the opinion of the Engineer-in-Chief the accident at Newmarket was caused by stones getting be tween the joints. A fire broke out at an early hour this morning at Mr. Mealligan's produce stores, Geelong; the rear portion was totally destroyed. The Board appointed to enquire into the question of. the improvement of the Melbourne water supply visited Watts River ou Saturday, and favourably reported on a scheme for utilizing | that river by diverting a portion of the stream 1 into the Preston Reservoir. George H. Bichardson, Collector of Customs at Belfast, appeared before the Local Court on Saturday, charged with eiikezzling Government moneys ; he pleaded guilty, and was remanded .till Monday. The deficiencies are said to amount to £2,000. This morning he was again brought up, but no evidence was taken and the case was further adjourned till the 20th for the produc tion of witnesses from Melbourne and Ballarat. The examination of the books is not yet com pleted by Mr. Leplastrier, the Inspector of Cus toms, but defalcations to a considerable extent have been discovered already. A French war steamer, showing the letters GTBP, passed Cape Otway on Sunday morn ing, steering east. She is believed to be bound for New Caledonia. The Commissioner of Eailways (Hon. John Woods) returned to town yesterday. He has received foreign distinctions for his invention of the improved railway brake. Alderman McArthur leaves for England to morrow. George Bartling was fined £5 this morning for carrying on an unregistered dancing saloon at the Polytechnic Hall in Bourke-street. A match was commenced to-day between the Canterbury Cricketers and the East Melbourne Eleven. It is specially interesting on account of its being; the first appearance of Boyle and Horan with their club after the disband ing of the Australian Eleven. The East Melbourne i Eleven scored 188, Goldsmith making 44. The Canterbury men had 6 wickets dpwn for 182 when the stumps were drawn. Of this total Neilson contributed 48, Olliver 37, W. Frith (not out) 34, and Ashby 25. Horan made 15 for East Melbourne. Boyle did not get into double figures. A close match is anticipated. Arrived—Steamer Victorian. Sailed—Benown, for London. Comhebciax..—At a sale of sugars to-day brewers' samples declined 15s. Whites and yellows shoW a decline of 10s. Teas brought good prices. | Wheat is firm at 4s. 8d. per bushel. A thousand bsgs have changed hands at that figure. Flour is unaltered. ' Melbourne, January 11. Edwards, the long-distance walker, started on a sixty-mile journey in the Alfred Hall, Ballarat, yesterday morning. The distance is to be accomplished in twelve hours. At half past 3 in the afternoon Edwards had done thirty miles with ease. Salmon are thriving in Gippsland. A regulation has been gazetted that every steam vessel! navigating any river or narrow channel within any port in Victoria shall keep as far as practicable to that side of the fairway or midchannel which lies on the starboard side of such vessel, and shall, at least for a distance of 500 yards before approaching and whilst rounding any bend, sound a steam-whistle once every half-minute, so as to give sufficient warning to any approaching vessel to lessen the risk of collision. An influential meeting of Scotchmen was held this afternoon to take steps to aid the efforts of the General Committee in Scotland to raise a fund for the relief of the shareholders ruined by the City of Glasgow Bank failure. A strong Committee was appointed, with Sir James McCuIloch as Chairman, to collect sub scriptions. The match between the Canterbury team and East Melbourne resulted in a decided victory for the Canterbury Cricketers, who appeared to i have been underrated by the local team. 'The Canterbury men resumed their innings I at noon, and before all of them were disposed lof they had brought up the total to 270, W. I?rith scoring 50. In the second innings East ^Melbourne scored 180, and thus i left it a comparatively easy matter for Canter bury to win. | Ollivier and Ashby went to the wickets and made the. requisite number, 99, between them; thus winning the match without the loss of a wicket. Ollivier scored 43 and Ashby 44, sundries 9. White's flourmill at Wangax&tta; was totally destroyed by 'fire at 2 o'clock this morning. The premises are insured for £2,000, principally in Victorian Companies. The origin of the fixe cannot be accounted for. : The mill was erected "twenty-iwo years ago, being the first mill in the Ovens District. Governor Robinson arrived at Albury to-day on bis return to Sydney, fie was met at Woodonga by' influential citizens of Albury, and escorted w that town, where he received an address from the Mayor and Corporation. The Governor replied in an excellent speech. A prosecution was instituted at this Police Court this morning against the master of the steamer Tamar for overcrowding his vessel when running excursion trips down the bay during Christmas week. Objection was taken that the Tamar should have been selected for prosecution while other excursion steamers bad been guilty of a similar offence, notably the Golden Crown and the Williams. The Police Magistrate said he was astonished that action had not been taken before in the' matter of overloading excur sion steamers; He allowed the case to be withdrawn, hut at the same time trusted masters of vessels would take warning. Three prisoners escaped from the penal esta blishment at Williamstown last" night by forcing open windows. Various rumours are going about in reference to the Kelly gang having crossed the Border, but nothing authentic is yet known. Mr. Longmore proposes to throw open several redgnm reserves in the Beechworth District for selection. i It is proposed to construct a bye-wash ta carry off the flood waters of the Upper Yarra in an easterly direction, by which it is expected that the periodical floods in the Yarra at Melbourne will be prevented. ; Large quantitiesofwheat are coming forward, but of inferiorquality. Comhkeciaw—The sugar sales have expe rience d a decided improvement. Medium whites haveadvancedlQs.; yellows and brewing have also advanced. The entire cargo of the Prince Hassan? sugars has been sold. Maize has sold at an advance of 5a. Melbourne, January 15. A Western Australian expiree, named William Barnes,' was committed forj trial yesterday, charged with stealing jewellery and cash amounting to £200 from the Albion Hotel in November last. He had pawned most of the articles |of jewellery in Sydney. . The Hon. William Morgan left for Adelaide yesterday by the Aconcagua. A painful accident happened at the Academy of Hnsic last night. Just before the curtain rose a ballet girl, named Ada Kirhman, was passing from one dressing-room to another when her tarlatane skirt caught fire at a gas-jet, and she was quickly enveloped in flames. She ran screaming on to the stage. Charles Massey, the scenic artist, went to her assistance, mid a blanket having been procured the girl was rolled oh the floor and the flames extinguished, but not before she was severely burnt about the back and breast. The sufferer was immediately removed to the Hospital, where she now lies in a dangerous condition. Her recovery is doubt ful. i The weather has been very warm all day, with hot winds. A telegram was received this morning by the Merchant Shipping Underwriters' Association reporting the. loss of the ship Loch Snnart, from Glasgow to Melbourne, on the coast of Ireland. ' It will be remembered that Tom Pearce shipped in this vessel. The three prisoners who escaped from the penal establishment at "Williamstown have been rearrested. One of them declared his in tention of joining the Nelly gang. About fifty labourers in the employ of the Railway Department landing silt on the Yarra hank have struck work, owing to a redaction of wages and the arbitrary treatment received by their spokesman, who represented the1 men's grievances to the Commissioner of Railways {Hon. John Woods). The spokesman has since been dismissed, for no satisEactory.reason. A new line of railway from the Springs to Wahgunyah is to he opened for -traffic by the Minister of Railways on the 29th instant. The extension of the line from Murtoa to Horsham will be opened on February 5. Good progress has been made with the line from Geelbng to Queenscliff, and it is expected to be completed in April. Stone has been struck in the Pleasant Creek Cross-Reef Company's Claim, Stawell, showing splendid gold. A match was commenced to-day on the Melbourne ground between the Canterbury Cricketers and the Bohemian Eleven. Canter bury scored 197, and the Bohemians had two wickets down for 152, of which Donald Campbell scored 74 not out. The prizes won at the recent annual meeting of the Rifle Association were distributed at the Town Hall to-night by the Governor. The various branches of the volunteer service were well represented, about 1.200 members of the fcowfi and conn try corps being present. Extensive bnsh fires are raging between Pakenham and Sale, in Gippsland. The rail way station near Pakenham has been destroyed, and considerable damage has been done to selectors' homesteads. It is reported that three mounted men, heavily armed, visited Nunawading on Wednes day evening, and as they were unknown qnite a scare was created, many people thinking tbey were the Kelly s. A mounted trooper was sent ont after them, but nothing has been beard of them since. Definite arrangements have been made by which the overland mails for Sydney will be delivered at Wodonga in time to allow of the train starting from thence for Melbourne half an hour after midnight. By this means the Sydney letters will be delivered in Melbourne during the forenoon. A large body of armed troopers with pack horses left Mansfield to-day to scour different parts of the district for outlaws. The Loch Sunart was in charge of Captain Weir. The agents have received no informa tion of the disaster, but it is believed she had a large consignment of Iron pipes-on board for the Victorian Government. It is not known whether the ship is fully insured or otherwise. Commercial.—Flour is firmer at from £10 12s. fid. to £10 15s. Best qualities wheat have realized from 4s. 8d. to 4s. lOd. Maize is quoted at 5s. There is a good demand for brandies at 4s. ljd. for Hencessy's, and 10s. has been realized for the vintage of 1875. A London telegram quotes Hennessy's bulk at 180 francs per hecto litre last year's vintage, and 25 francs higher for the vintage of 1877. Melbourne, January 16. Lord Harris's team of cricketers returned from Tasmania yesterday. Mr. Henry Owen, son of the late Judge Owen, of Sydney, met with an accident while riding near Malmsbury Reservoir on Tuesday after noon. As he was mounting his horse be was thrown to the ground, and his left arm was fractured above the elbow. Major Smith opened the new State School at Long Gully, Sandhurst, yesterday. In the course of his remarks he intimated that he intends to introduce next session the University Act Amendment Bill of last session, and purposes dis pensing with the services of the unclassed teachers. _He is also considering the best means 1 of establishing State School Saving Banks, and at no distant date hopes to see model workshops established in connection with the State Schools. A number of grape-vines were seized at Eehuca yesterday, by the Custom-house officers under the new Act for the suppression of phylloxera vastatrix. The Age states that Judge Boucaut is the author of the" article which is now attracting - considerable attention in the present number of the Melbourne Review entitled "PoliticalParties in Victoria.'. Another body of armed troopers and black, trackers left Benalla to-day for the Euroa dis trict to scour the country. The value of the gold raised daring the last four weeks from the Queen's Birthday claim, at Dunolly, amounts to £6,600. Over £200 in prizes will be offered at the Ballarat Intercolonial Regatta, which is to take place on March 10 on Lake Wendoaree. At the Sandridge Court this morning a stevedore named George Robins and another man named Davis were charged, at the instance of Frank Robins, brother of the first defendant, with scuttling the cutter Paddy from Cork, in April last year, while moored at Sandridge. The evidence adduced shown that the de fendants were observed leaving a craft called the Neptune and going on board the cutter, both vessels being subsequently found scuttled. The Bench considered the evidence insufficient and dismissed the case. Mr. Pierce Boardman, Manager of the Ring wood Antimony Mining Company has been killed by accidentally filling down the shaft, a distance of 700 feet. George Martin & Co., importers, have sus pended payment in conjunction with the London firm of Thomas McComas & Co. The liabilities are believed to be about £200,000, which is almost all owing at home, with the exception of what is due to the Banks here. Sailed— Steamer Victorian. . Three armed men, supposed to be the Kelly gang, took possession of a house at Pemberley, near Malmsbury, at 8 o'clock this evening. Albert Anthony, gatekeeper on the Hohson's Bay Railway line atFrahran, was run over by a train this evening. He received serious in juries, which necessitated the amputation of both. feet. The Bohemians resumed their innings to-day, and before they were all disposed of had ran up the score to 236, of which Donald Campbell made 92. The Canterbury men in their second innings scored 105, leaving the Bohemians 67 to make to"win the game, which they did with the loss of two wickets. 