TBE BOSH-FIRES. A passenger who came up from Loutit Bay on Wednesday informs the Geelong Advertiser that an extensive lire waa raging at Dean's Marsh, and many of the selectors in the locality sustained ocnsidarabte Iosa from burnt grass and lenoes. The bu.h-firas in the shire of Bellarine continued to rage all day, and s largo tract of grass and timMred oonnby was swept by the flames. It is estimated that about 200] acres of grass - land on the station of Messrs Allison and Knight, now rants! by Mr Mollar, ware burnt A large paddock, belonging to Mr Outhbert, at Ourlewis, through which the railway to Queenscliff passes, took fire on Wednesday . afternoon, and belore the fire could bo extinguished about SO acres of grass were consumed. A resident at Lara baa received a latter from a friend tt Pine Lodge, in tho Shepparton district, giving a most deplorable account of the country there- abouts. A fi -e broke out last Thursday, which m- toaded from four to five miles in width, and travelled about ten miles In the direction of the Murray. Twenlj of his neighbors were entirely burnt ont, and his homestead htd a narrow escape from destruction. Tto wheat, which had beau shrivelled up by the nut, and threshed out for fowls' food, was all destroyed, u well as long stretches of fencing. The poor selnctors, who wonld, with a favonbla season, have been abls to provide against a bad one, are now unable to pay their rents. During the last two or three years the poorer dass of selectors oouM always earn from £15 to £20 by harvesting, but the larger agriculturists are not ia a position to employ labor, hundreds of acres of whe»t having been left uncut in conseqnsnce of thsrosL Where it waa cut the yield was only 4 bushels to tb« acre, and that obtained was only fitfor fowW foci Extensive bush-fires ware raging in the mighborhood of Flinders (says the Argus) on Wednesday. A great deal of fencing has been destroyed, l'hs fit pewtrated through Kennon's paddocks, and after , rapidly devastating the cemetery and surrounding fenoes, ran to the township, within a short distant* of the post office, when ft was successfully ooped with and checked. The wind then changing drove the fin towards Mr Tuck's, where, endeavors are now being made to arrest its progress. Several dwillings wan with difficulty saved. A number of hares are strewn about, having been roasted alive. Bain is mnd wasted. The following, taken from the Reorder, pnblistad at Ealranald, Mew South Wales, shows how extreme the heat has been In the interior:—" In conseqnenoeof the intense he»t of Thursday (30th January), we founi t . provide against heat, v been followed by eickneaa aad prostraiijn." 