NEWS OF THE DAY. The Inco board of inquiry made a start at Parliament House to-day. They were some what in doubt how to approach the business, - and decided to examine Mr Baker, Chief Clerk of the Assembly. This gentleman sent word that he could not attend without the sanction of the Speaker, to obtain which the inquiry was adjourned until to-morrow. The police are now engaged making out tho necessary summonses, Ac., for the trial of tho man supposed to bo guilty of au attempt at embracery in re tho Henry trial, but it is not judged expedient at present to state the names. As tho verdict of tho coroner's jury in the inquest on Mrs CollinB distinctly averred that a crime had been committed, the police aro making diligent inquiries respecting the whole case. Any fresh evidenco that may be ob tained will be laid before the Law officers of the Crown, who will decide if further pro ceedings are warranted. The address of Mr Fisher, barriator-at-Iaw one of the vice-prpsidcnts of the Reform League, to the electors of Footscray, appears in our advertising columns. Strong efforts will, it is understood, be made to induce Mr Yale to offer himself as au independent Liboral. Mr Vale is not unwilling to enter Parliament for so snug a constituency, but he can not at present join with either of the two political parties. He is a pronounced Liboral, who is understood to bo opposed to the embassy. Mr J. H. ICnipe announces that he will address the electors on Wednesday evening. A number of othor oandidates are mentioned. Many of them will go no further. The Chief Juetico having to go on circuit to-morrow, cannot preside in tho Control Criminal Court after to-day. The trial of Lynch, one of the alleged sympathisers of the bushrangers Kelly and their companions, and two or three other trials, will have to bo post poned till next sittings. The board appointed to inquire into the es cape of Martin Weiborg leave for the scene of tho escape early to-morrow morning. Major Smith returned from hia country trip this morning. Ho expresses himself as much benefited by his brief holiday. In another column will be found particulars of a dreadful caBO of fratricide, which occurred yesterday morning at Yarrawonga. Two brothers, named Hogan, free selootors in tho neighborhood, quarelled over a raffle, and one (Thomas) shot the other (James) dead. The murderer liaB been arrested. The agents of the Orient steamship, Garonne, up to noon to-day, had not received intimation of that vessel's departure from Adelaide, but thoy expect she left somo time this morning, aud will arrive in Hobson's Bay early on Wed nesday, The Commissioner of Railways left this morning on a trip to Lai Lai, and rotnrns this evening. Mr Woods will visit tho lignite works and Hee how tho experiments arc being carried on and If any good results have been ob tained. The lion gentleman may visit tho Lai Lai Iron Works, but it will ba curious to observe the kind of reception he will receive at tho hands of tho directors after the Horsliain ban quet affair. In the Central Criminal Court to-day, after tho now jury had been sworn in, Mr Fiehor made an application to tho Chief Justioe that tlio cases of. The Queen v Good and The Queen v Laler might ho postponed till tho March sit tings. The application was granted, the Crowa Prosecutor raising 110 objection. Although a watchman is supposed to bo always on guard at the railway cutting in Chapel street, South Ynrra, for the Oakloigh line, tlioro are complaints about the inadequacy of the protection. Our reporter visited tho spot last evening (Sunday) just after dark and tho condition of tho place may well cause surprise. About a fortnight ago tho contractors wore summoned at tjjo Prahran Court on account of the danger, and promised to remedy tlio samo, but it is difficult to mako out what has beon dono. The cutting, twenty feet deep, extends right across Ohapol street, tho traffic being diverted by a temporary bridgo, to the eastward. Now this is all Very well for drivers accustomed to the road, but tlioro are a good many strangers drive that way of a night, anH especially 011 Sundays, Qn more than ono occasion, wo aro informed by tho polico, drivers liavo boon brought up short, through their horses' heads being seised, while going direct for the onttisig, in ignoranoo of its existence. On one night a buggy was being driven at full gallop, and would certainly have burst through tho frail defences, tumbling tho occupants with 'tbo horse and vohicle down the cutting. Tho omnibuses pass very frequently, and, through a horso allying, tlioro might be a horrible accidont. The defences, although lighted by n lantern on oaeli side, are fur from sufficient. On tlio south sido there ia a fence of red gum balks, which night stand some degrco of shock. On the north side, wo state, from per sonal observation last night, there is a gap witli no defence whatovcr. The protection on this side consists of a single line of ordinary scaffolding, tied with rope. Part of this scaffolding wns down last evening, and thoro was a space without protection big enough for a horse and cart to pass through. A rumor gained currency in the city to-day that the contractors of tho Oakleigh Railway had thrown up their contract, and ceased to work. After careful inquiry we find there is no foundation for such statements, and tlio work is going on as usual. The contractors did oxpericnce somo difficulty lately in getting workmen, and complained of the circumstance to the Railway authorities, who engaged a number of men, and sot them on to work for the con tractors. A difficulty in procuring sloepers was also complained of, and to further assist tbo pushing on of the work, the Railway department liavo advertised for the supply of them. The work is behind hand, owing no doubt to the starting of it being com menced under unfavorable auspices, and the strike, that lasted for some days, must have ;mt about tho contractors ; but since they have fairly started work it has beon pushed forward vigorously under the immediate direction of a Railway Engineer, and is now in a most ad vanced stage. The lino was to be opened to the public by the first of Maroh, hut It is doubtful if tnat can be dono under existing circumstances. We regret to say that Mr Robert Gardinor, tho Superintendent of the Pentridge Stookade, now on six months' leavo of absence, still lies at his quarters, in n very precarious state. We aro informed that it is a complication _ of diseases which Mr Gardiner is suffering from. Mr W. O. Byass, Grand Scoretary of the Protestant Allianco Friendly Society, has mysteriously disappeared. On Saturday he hirod a bnggy and went out to Cheltenham. Putting the vehicle up at aa hotel, he went, ostensibly, for a bathe in the sea. _ Ho was seen in the water, but afterwards his clothes were found, and not a trace of him could bo socn. It is presumed that he has been drowned. On the other hand, the police have tUeir suspicions that ho put ou another suit of clothes and went away. The nudit of his accounts took place on Saturday night, according to appointment. The com mittee report that matters are not all right, but they must investigate furthor to be precise. Byass has a wife and two children, and of course the family aro in great distress of mind. Tho visit of Cavil), the English swimmer, is already causing some excitement. All the local swimmers at present in Melbourne have called upon him and tendered him any assistance they can afford. Arrangements are being made for liim to give a Bwim on the river from Hawthorn to Prince's Bridge, on Saturday afternoon next. Somo of the leading , members of the medical profession are interest ing themselves in tho affair, and will accompany him, todiagnoso his condition at various stages of the trip. Mr Richmond Thatcher, to whom Mr Cavili brings letters from England, is super intending the preparations. Caroline Clarke was charged, at the City Polioe Court this morning, with vagrancy in company with a young girl,17yoars of age, named MargaretAtkinson. The evidence of the poiiee went to show that Clarko lived in Romeo lane; and acted as a decoy for several places tli or a finri in t.lia onrrocnnn/Iinfy n.TPnn#» .Tnliot. Torrace. In plying her vocation she had seduced Atkinson into the house, and there is 110 doubt about the worst having befallen her. Dr Singleton agreed to look after the girl, whose parents live in Gold street, Collingwood, and she was discharged ; tho woman being sen tenced to three months' imprisonment. A child of Mr J olin Benson, a farmer resid ing at Bolingbroke, expired this morning from scarletina and diphtheria combined. This dis ease iB not very prevalent; and ophthalmia is very prevalent at Coburg, nearly every other child having sore eyes. A moBt enjoyable outing was spent by the employees of Messrs J. H. Massina and Oo.'s establishment on Saturday, on the occasion of a pie-nie given by the firm at Mordiallioc. The revellers started early on Saturday morn ing in waggonettes and vans for the seaside, where an ample luncheon was prepared, after which some races for various prizes were in dulged in. The boys' race of 100 yards, for lads under 15 years, was pulled off by Master Simmons ; tho journeymen's race, by Mr Clock ; the Siamese race, by Messrs Russell and Mole ; the standing long jump by Mr Russell ; and tho champion race, by Mr Buchanan. Besides which there was a ladies' race, which created a deal of amusoment. Tho whole of the festivities passed off very well, everybody appearing to have spent a very enjoyable day. At tho luncheon tho health of the firm was drunk amid enthusiastic applause. Mary Ann Williams, Mary Bourke, Mar garet Pratt, Sarah Dolau, and George Wil liams, were brought up on remand, at the City Court thts morning, charged the first with boing the keeper of a disorderly house, the others with vagrancy. Mr Kane appeared for all the prisoners except Dolan, who was represented by Mr Croswell. The evidence given on Saturday was recapitu lated, and as tho woman Dolan was not known to the police she was discharged. Constable Hutchison was called to give the male prisoner, Williams, a character for the defence; he did so by Btating that lis had known him first nine years ago, when ho was a prisoner at Pentridge. Ho had not known nim to work since that time, except an occasional day or so. The Williams's were sentenced to twelve months' imprisonment each, Bourke to three months, and Pratt was discharged. The Gatclys are not happy in their domestic arrangements, and of matrimonial bliss they enjoy little. Michael has only just emerged from Pentridge, and last night the wife, Mary Ann, nee ParsonB, fell into evil ways, and so offended her lioge lord that, on his in stigation, she wns given into oustody for in sulting behavior in tho public Btreets. As Mrs G. has not herself beon out of gaol long, she was merely fined 40s ; or, in default, seven days' imprisonment. At the Fitzroy Police Court, this morning, two disroputablo looking characters, named Mary Mesday and Elizabetli Dalton, were charged with being disorderly characters. Con- stablo Rogerson told the bench that the .prisoners nightly insulted tho passers-by in Victoria Parade, ana Wero a nuisance in_ the neighborhood. Dalton has beon several times previously convicted for similar offences. The bench sent her to gaol for three months, Msb- day wob sentenced to one month's imprison ment. JameB Brown was charged at the City Poiiee Court this morning with stabbing James Neil, in Little Collins streot, at 10 o'clock lo3t evening. Inspector Lamer said I10 would alter tho case to ono of assault, A. man named Frank Redmond, a hawker, said ho saw the prisoner and prosecutor fighting in Littlo Collins street. In tho middle of it prisoner took a knife out of his left-hand trousers pockot and stabbed him. Joseph Dodd, a baker, saw the assault and took a knife, covered with blood, from his pocket. Mr Stephen, for the defence, did not deny the offenco, but urged extenuating circumstances, as his oliont had been very much beaten. The bench inflicted a fino of j £10; or, in de fault, threo months' imprisonment. On tho application of Mr Stophon a week was given to pay tho money. At the Pentridgo Stodkade this morning, two prisoners confined in that establishment submitted to tho punishment of the lash. Both prisoners are young mon, and were convicted at tho General Sossions, held on the 3rd inst., of robbery in company. The first to be triced up was Thomas O'Neil, 25 years of age, who is undergoing a sontenao of five years' hard labor, and one whipping of 15 lashes. John Thorley, who succeeded him, is only two years older, and is undergoing a sentence of threo years' hard labor and ono wliip- ing of fifteen laslios. Both prisoners aro from the larrikin fraternity, and displayed tho usual callousness on going into the punishment yard where Gatoly, who is onco more a froo man, was at his post ready to fulfil his duty in his former style. A ' notorious young thief, named Miohael Curtis, figured at tho City Polico Court this morning as a rogue and a vagabond. On Sun- day morning he was seen by Buh-inspoctor BcnTer anu two policemen with _ a stone about two pound woight alung at the end of a long woollen scarf. Ho was in company with a drunken man, and I10 tried to get him to go down Stowart street, where ho said ho would do for him. Ho was followed and arrested, nnd when asked if ho knew that the stone ho enrried would bare "(killed (thetman hod ho used it, he said that ho only meant to "wing" hia prey. Evi dence as to character was given, nnd Mr l'anton sent him to gaol for twolvo months, remarking that ho wns determined to let the disorderly and criminal lads of Mol bourno know that lie would give tliom tho full benefit of their conduct if thoy came before him. The prisoner might consider himsolf fortunato he did not get two years. Mr Joseph Dodd is a gentleman who does not believe in tho dogmas of tlio Bible, and that being sp lie would not be sworn by it in the City Police Court this morning. Mr Pnnton asked him if I10 did not be lieve in the Biblo what did he bolioyo 111? Did I10 believe in anything? He did not reply to this question, but said that tho Bible and its teachings were contrary to his religiousprinciples. QueBtionodasto what these were, ho merely said that he would not be sworn on tho Bible, because ho disbelieved in theology generally. He was preparod, how ever, to guarantee that he would tell the truth. Mr Panton : What guarantee can you giro ? Witness : That of my word. Mr Panton i Well, you can Btnnd down. Messrs M'Cullooh and Campbell sold at Kirk's Bazaar to-day the Bites of the booths for the cricket matah between tho Austra lian Eleven and the gentlemen oricketcrs of England, to be played on the 21st, 22nd, and 23rd February. No. 1 refreshment bar, under the grand stand, was disposed of to Mr Taylor, of the Flinders Hotel, Flinders street, for £15. No. 2 refreshment bar was sold to the samo gentloman for £24. The three booth siteB were then put up, and it was announced that whoever bought one booth had the option of taking the others at the same price, and nlso that he could only put up one if ho liked. Mr D'Arcy, of tho Tam 0' Shanter Hotel, Lothian street, Hotham, purchased the three booth sites for £16 each. The Sydney Morning Herald understands that his Exoelleocy the Governor contemplates leaving Sydney for his new government on or abont the 15th proximo. Commodore Wilson has kindly placed H. M. S, Emerald at his Excellency's disposal to convey himself and Lady RobinBonto Wellington, and intends ac companying that Tessel in tlie flagship, the Wolverine, taking with him some members of his Excellency's family for whom room cannot be found in the Emerald. The Geelong Advertiser states that the exact amount of damage dono by tho recent bush- fires in the Winchelspa Shire is not yet known, but accounts are daily arriving of tlio losses sustained. Mr Thomas Cameron, farmer and contractor, after toiling hard for thirty-ono years in order to save up a little money, lost about £300 worth of property by the fire on tho 6th inst. A stack of hay, a large quantity of chaff, a ohaff-cutter, korsoworks, and a number of contractors' tools, were consumed by tho flames. The same fire ran all round Mr Hop kins' homestead, and even burnt part of his garden fence, besides burning a large tract of grass land at Modewarre. The Ballarat Star understands that the men in charge of the diamond drills do not work harmoniously with the imported director, whoso management has been adversely criticised in a report forwarded to- the Mining department by a mechanician versed in such matters. With regard to the bits set at the Phcenix Foundry, and which Mr Griscomb condemned as unht for use at Sandhurst, we are informed that tho setter undertook to work with them himself, and bored 88 feet with them before the core barrel gave way and stopped further work. Another of the Chinese lepers died at tho lazar-house, Eastern Ranges, Ballarat, on Sunday afternoon. TKa Rvrlnnv wmfinr nn nn AYnncft of the Slade tricks by n Dr Knaggs of Newcastle, thus tersely puts the question as be tween spiritualistic mediums and their critics : — When doctors differ, who is to decide ? And Doctors Slade and Knaggs certainly do differ. Perhaps the ordinary difficulty of deciding is not so great in this case, and people will de cide according to their preconceived prejudices. Confirmed spiritualists will put Dr ICnaggs down sb a conceited and presumptuous fool. Non-spiritualists will thank him as a clever detective. If Dr. Slade had known all ho now knows of Dr Knaggs, perhaps I10 would not have been at home when the latter callod; or if he had been visible himsolf tlio spirits might have had more important busi ness elsewhere, and have been unable to at tend. Dr Knaggs does not profess to say exactly bow the medium brings about the phe nomena ; he only shows how it might have been done. It is quite open, thereforo, to Dr Slade to deny that the moving and tlio writing are done aa described. To tho ordinary in quirer such denial is a matter' of no impor tance ; for the essential point is to detormino whether the phenomena can he produced by known and ordinary causes. If they can, then the necessity of supposing super human causation is dispensed with. Of courso a spirit may be able to lift a table, or write on a slate, aB well as an ordinary mortal can ; and as it is impossible to prove a negative, no one can absolutely say that on any given occasion a table that rises was not lifted by spirits. But in proportion as men come to know that the apparently inexplicable is capable of ex planation, in that proportion will they be in clined to wait for the explanation, and not ruBh headlong into spiritualistic theories. It is only the unknown that is marvellous. The Theatre Royal was crowded on Satur- day night, on the occasion of the production of a new sensation drama, entitled Queen's Evi denco, and the audience seemed thoroughly pleased, beingoven uproarious in thoir applause. The interest of tho main plot is divided by complicated inner intrigues. The hero be comes madly jealeus of his wife and turns her away in consequenco of reading tho draught of a lotter she has written for a friend, and in a scuffle tho poor woman is blinded by the disoharge of a gun. The villain induces an artless girl with money to fall in love with him, and attempts murder to hide a former crime ; a stolen child also com plicates matters. The interest of the drama, therefore, nover flags, and incident after incident follows with such rapidity that tho dialogue is in a great measure subservient to action. The acting was excellent, Mr Thome, as a Jew of the Dicey Morris stamp, with a " beye like a lieaglo," took the lion's share, but Miss Ansteod Miss Bryce, Mr Carey, and Mr Apploton re ceived their share. A child's part waB per fectly well acted by littla Miss Graupnor. Mr Stowart O'Brien was a dignified. English gentleman ; and Mr Horsley, who is new to the Royal stage, made a favorable impression, although making up somewhat too young for the part. AU tho actors were repeatedly re called, and tho piece bids fair for a good run. The scenery and setting left nothing to bo wished for, AU for Hor, a new London play by Pal- grave, Simpson, nnd Herman Merivalo, was produced at tho Opera House «n Saturday night. Tho Btory of the drama is a romantic one of love, devotion, and self-sacrifioe, replete with interesting incidents nnd tolling situations. Mr Wybert Reoro, as tho hero, who sacrifices estate, legitiraacy, loTe, and is ready to sacri fice life itself, to aid his younger brother, who m beloved by the woman he adores has a difficult charactor to portray, but does it with great succobb, and was loudly and warmly ap preciated. The part affords him opportunities for somo fine acting, none of which he neg lects. Mrs Lewis, who Was warmly received, played Lady Marsden,theobjeetof hisdovotion, and brought out every point with her wonted skill, and in a scene whers she mistakingly denounaee her husband's saviour as his be trayer, acted with a power that was warmly recognized. Mr Ireland as Lord Edendale had not much to do, and the part did uot afford much scope for effect, but lie made the most of his opportunities, and the samo may bo said of Messrs Hans PhillipB, Bnothmisn, Fisher, and Daniels. Mr Joyce had a good conoeption of the part of tho villain Radford, but tlio im personation wanted light and shodo. Miss JeBsie Grey fulfilled tho most obvious require ment of her port by looking protty, but hor acting wantod tone. Mr Reevo and Mrs Lewis were recallod at tho end of each act. The play is elaborately mounted, and should run a long time. It will be repeated till further notice. An adaptation by Mr II. G. Byrno of Wilkin Collins' novel of Armadale was pro duced at the Princess's Theatre 011 Saturday night, for the benefit of Mr L. M. Bayless. The version aB pl&rocl; differs somewhat from the novel, inasmuch as Dr Downward, who is a minor _ scoundrel in tho novel, is the arcli-villain of tho play, and absorbs tlio whole merit of the scheme of villainy which constitutes tho plot of the plooe. In other respects the novel is followed, with the single exception that tho attempted suicide of Miss Gwilt at the end is a failure sho rocovers to bo ropoutant and ? given. Mrs Gladstano aa Miss G»!f: played with her accustomed ability- wi 1 £ is to soy it was very well playe'd iS1 Hamilton's Dr Downward was excellent vr D'Orsay Ogdon made up admirably t the Midwinter of tho novel, and fairlv rinii , the part, hut Mr Bootlnnan was ovorwobinj as Armadale. Tlio piece was well put on 3 well received, and though long, will dmiS? less play closer in? future. Mr Bayless hsS good and well-deserved benefit, and it mav li predicted Armadale will also prove a sm.-L . profit to the management. f Our Girls was repoatod at the Academy Music on Saturday, prefaced by a InimS.u farco called Tlintltascal Pat. To praise n Girls isliko gilding refined gold, so all MR can be said is that the house was crowded ass tlio audience applauded loudly. The piece will bo continued this week. St. George's Hall was full to raplotiniT? Saturday night to greet tho Kelly and Lb Miiistrols on thoir return. They aro in H..." old form— better, If possible. The performing of tho only Leon remains as puzzling as e« while tho comicalities of Messrs Surii(K0 Rj Co. wcro woll receivod. Miss Eva Davcnno i was loudly encored, and Mr Beaumont ItciJ sang in his old form. They will probably con tinue to draw crowdod houses for somo time to come. Mr W. E. Furlong','; - reunion takes nlee. at the Manchester Unity Hall this ovoniiT A very enjoyable evening can bo spant it these reunions. 11 HWo lmvo received Irom Mr .1. W. Dindt ph.,, grepbor, of Collins etroot, an excollunt CAbl'nnt -.1" traft ol the Into Mark tost King. " P" We liavo received from MoBsrs Dunn and Colli., a work publlshod by tlio Scottish Temporanoo I.,., entitled, Dialogues on Drink, by Mr B RichanlS.' M.D.F.R.8 ""ass, Wo are requested to mention that tho Heldelu— Cricket Club will be unable to play the Albert Melbourno next Saturday, owing to a prior esrj, meat, 