THE comparison between die fluctnatmg conrse of boman progress and variable rise of the tide has often been made by writers on general history. If a spectator on the sea-beach, while the tide is coming in, watches cloBely its coarse, he will note that the reflux, besides being constant after each inward rash of the ware, is sometimes even greater than the forward impulse. For a while he may be pnzsled to know whether the tide is actually coming in or going oat; bat after a time he perceives a decided advance. Time is the rectifier. Only curry the observation over a sufficiently loDg period, and the permanent direction of the current will be clearly seen. The same rale holds in respect of the progress of a nation. There may be occasional periods of depression, of stagnation, even of retrogression ; bat on the broad scale, there is always progress. Thas, at tbe present moment, it is not to tie denied that things generally are " very qoiet" peeple say) in this colony. The spirit of the community is not buoyant It is by no means flush times with ns jost now. Nor is it worth while discussing once more the causes which have produced this temporary depression. That has been, perhaps, jost a little overdone already. Bat what is more to the purpose is to observe that, in spite of these occasional intervals of adverse fortune, the colony still advances. At least so it appears to do in the eyes of observers at a distance. We find the Times, for in stance, comparing the state of things in Victoria at the beginning and tbe close of Sir GEOBGE BO WEN'S governorship, and quite lost in admiration at the great things we are achieving. In 1872 we had only 770,000 of a population, now we have nearly 900,000. Oar revenue then was three and a half millions sterling now it iB nearer five millions. Oar importB and exports rose in the interval from an aggregate of about £27,000,000 to an aggregate of about £33,000,000. Tbe tonnage of the chipping coming into and leaving our ports increased from 1,360,000 torn in 1872, to 1,874,000 tonB in 1877. The mileage of our railways increased within the same time from 329 to 950 miles, and the receipts from £770,000 to £1,319,000. Within the same five years the number of letters passing through the Post Office -rose from 13,000,000 to 21,000,000, and tbe number of newspapers was nearly doubled. The progress of agriculture was not lesB striking. The acreage of purchased land in occupation increased from 10,700,000 to 14,800,000 acres, and the quantity under cultivation from 968,000 to 1,420,000 acres. :The result was that while in 1872 Victoria imported a large quantity of breadstufis, she was able to export a surplus of almost precisely the same amount five years later. The increase in live stock, though considerable, is not so great aa might be looked for, owing to the drought of 1876-77. The value' of ratable property in municipalities was £53,000,000 in 1872, and £77,000,000 in 1877\. The number of children in the schools—where education, by tbe act of 1873, is compulsory, secular, Stateinspected, and gratuitous—rose from 160,000 to 262,000. In the meantime the number of convictions for "serious offences fell, in spite of tbe increase of population, from 430 to 390. All these facts, and figures are repeated fey the Times with great satisfaction, And very hearty congratulations to the people whose energy of action U tabulated in them. Nor can there be tbe slightest doubt that an equal amount of progress, or even a larger, will be exhibited in the tables which shall Bet forth the advancement ~of "tbe colony for the next six years. Nobody believes that the Victoria of 1885 will not be more populous, wealthier, better educated, and even morally better than the Victoria of 1879. Always there is progress, even though it be sometimes -retarded -in - its -coarse. Bat in the meantime we are passing through one of those periods of reflux, and the disposition in the mindB of people generally is to believe that jmreperity .will jnever return again. It is an unfounded and a most ungrateful impression, and the "sooner it is dismissed the better. There is one drawback,-however, as the Times thinks, to the prosperous course of this countiy. The' amount of capital invested in manufacturing industries, under a protective tariff, rose from £8,944, tbeiix yeara specified. "This fostering of native industry has added one-third to the nomber of working people employed in these factories, and, we fear, has sown the seeds of future errors and troubles in Victoria." Srit&iB; the comment of the leading journal of Europe on tbe fact it dtee. Wesballundertaketosaythatamore remarkable illustration of tbe anticlimax was "never pot in print" Of coarse what the, SVimes means is that we "Victorians oaght never to haw undertaken to maoofactaresnytliingfor yourselves, but shpnld_bave depended^exdosivBly-On .England to supply os with -everything consumable, excepting the very bread and meat we eat Oar wrong step wa8, not in looking after our own "interests u that regard, bn in not allowing our Ecglish frieods to look afterTthraforjiB.JSadwerE&sed-to; invest a shQlii^in any Iocs] mamifactiire, and looked ti WMIIj^y;jmi^'fcflijujr; >{i|T ,., suppl^'i^, we^ooid ttave beSn the wisi^rad'ma^pitriotKTOOpleander —in the QjSmap'onS iunesi How ire beg . leave KL jffinn roundly that we should _h»ve bem, on the contraiy3 ieting a most foolish •«M sMiddal : part. Why flbD0ld~W8 depea37npdn" "fiie Joreigner for anyttlng that we can make' for ourselves ?j Wby should we restrict ourselves to the four primitive employments of gold- Beeking, wool-growing, farming, and cultivating the vine? Why should we not establish manifold industries, for the employment of every variety ol capacity and ability ambngBt our population? . Of course the reply to theBe questions lies in the single ked word "protection."- But, then, this very protection—this fostering of native industries—had \- i%en in operation all tbe time and that the colony was making those rapid strides in prosperity which the Times itself follows with so much aoproval and admi: ration. Clearly tbe results of it were not very disastrous then. What is more, a third more "of the working "population has found permanent employment through the establishment of the new industries. Was that a calamity ? We suppose not. But if not, and if nothing but benefit, for so far, has come from that line of action, we confess ourselves unable to perceive how it is likely to be fraught with errors and troubles, with-woes and calamities, for us in the future. The truth iB, pleas of the kind the Times ventures upon in this case are not worth refuting. They refute themselves. To UB the wonder is that the undeniably able journalists who fill the leading columns of the great English journal day by day, can allow themselves to stoop so low in the matter of simple intelligence, as to put forward arguments which are refuted by the very terms of the context in which they stand. The whole thing indeed is perfectly ridiculous, and oat of alt reason. THE Welsh of Ballarat and the surrounding districts hold their annual eisteddfod in the Mechanics' Institute to-day; and it is to be hoped this interesting festival will 1>e largely attended. We do not know of any event that takes place every year in tbe Mechanics' Institute more deserving of sympathy than this one. Jhe design is not only to keep alive a taste for that soft, sweet, and expressive music for which the Welsh bards are proverbial,.but aUo to bring together once a year ' all the - WelBh families who reside in the district, so that, by periodical association, love of the old country may be maintained, without a particle of ill-feeling toward other races being engendered; and we cannot imagine any design that deserves to be more heartily supported. . The: Welsh eisteddfod in the Mechanics' Institute is now an established custom in BaUarat; and long may it continue to flourish. Its tendencies are of the purest kind; its programme is always choice, varied,-and attractive; its proceedings all through are of the most genial description; and the competition which is evoked is always engaged in in tie-best spirit. Nothing, indeed, but what appeals the higher instincts of the mind, slightly leavened with the comic element, so-as -to amuse -aB well as instruct, is to be beard or seen at these festivals. These annual gatherings, therefore, deserve to be spoken well of by the press, and also to receive a large measure of outside assistance. People who have sprung from other lands have but a faint idea of tbe good social effects that are produced-by these celebrationB. To the uninitiated, the singers appear to have been drawn, so to speak, together only to obtain and give a day's amusement, and keep the Welsb in recollection of the old land; and there is no doubt much of this kind of thing connected with these meetings. But as a matter of fact there is a great deal more behind the scenes of these annual exhibitions of Welsh song, and Welsh humor. For months previous to the eventful day, the amount of preparation that goes on amongst the WelBh is literally prodigious, and outrivals all efforts made by other amateurs to realise a similar object Not a spare moment from tbe ordinary occupations of life is lost by the Welsh in improving their musical knowledge, so that they may sbine in the programme, and, if possible, carry off the honors of tbe entertainment. They plunge into the movement with extraordinary zest; and they commence their unceasing work from the very moment the programme has made its appearance. All tins means intense devotion to the national music or previous to tbe time coming round for the fruition of their labors. It is impossible but that good social effects should flow "from such untiring perseverance and application as these facts display. " Let a man devote himself to the stndy of music, 1 eays a high authority, " and I will answer for it yon have a good citizen in him." The Webb, : in their preparations for these eisteddfods, follow this text to the fullest extent: Father, mother, sister, brother, are equally earnest and pains taking in their exertions. It necessarily follows, therefore, that great social good is done by these festivals, and that there is something more than tbe mere gathering of families, or a day and evening's amusement, underlying these annual celebrations. There is the mind cultivated, the instincts softened, and the family circle enlivened, instructed, and united. There is respect for the proprieties of society enlarged, and the: love .for the beautiful quickened; Altogether, these eisteddfods, by tbe interest which they excite, the amusement which they afford, and tbe onion of families which they promote, do much good, without a particle .of evil underlying their existence. A movement of this laudable Mnd deserves, therefore,^ be warmly supported by tbe outside public; .an _support; for'the .eisteddfod, which will be ield to- day ind' evening, that these remarks are put together. The programme, which has already appeared in our Advertising columns, showBthata realmusical beat will be afforded to those who attend either daring the day, or evening, or through tbe whole entertainment The charges are baaed on the most moderate scale, so as to come within the means of all; and the arrangements for the accommodation of the public will be found simply perfect. Under all the tircumstanpep of the.case, then, ve trust to seeja large attendance on the part'- of ;: ^tiie" J dtrtmde' public at ' the Mechanics' to-day and evening; eo that the singers may-be stimulated by a great array of friends, and the' committee "be rewarded for their exertions. We are quite euro that aH who attend will be greatly amused, and that money thus spent will be judiciously expended. The new Go«lTOrTifTKt6f&71iIa"EiceIlency *he Haiqnis of Nonaaoby, arrived yesterday, and wa« duly sworn in by hie Honor the Chief Justice daring tbe evening at Government Hotue. Fartaculan ot th]> event will be found publiahed in another oolumn. The Hon. Gralum Berry "and Professor Pearson ntd^an. interne*-, with Sir Michael .Hicks-Beach Tin TneacUy la»t, Mien Mr Berry fully explained tbe circumstance* under which they, had visited t England. They were very coorteouly received, and Sir Michael uid thu is the m«tterwi» rf»ach grave importance he would see the gentlemai ?gain before he placed tbe matter before bta colleagues. .We hare torecord another fatal accident from u^-li^alitde-t^-d-abont-aeTEn yeari of age, the eldeit eon of Mr Jamei Craig, who ma r«»ntly employed in tbe eetahluhment of Hagill computed ty his wife, kft hia hoxoe cm Wedoeswonwme biuin£M, leaving the lad in £huge of r^J* 0 ?®! -UoriiigbM Tatter's abterwe the boy got HOIQof aflukoTgunpowder,and amused tnosdr' by pouring some of the powder out on the fire- He must have put the flask very near the fire, for the powder in it exploded and the fluk was blown Into his face, carrying away the upper part of tbe forehead and exposing the .brain, portions of which were torn .and hung down over hia brows, while bis right hand was almost blown oft. His father, as soon as he discovered what had happened, took the unfortunate lad, who was sttU taring, in apite of his terribly injuries, to the nearest railway station, and brought him into Ballarat. Dr Usher was called on, End at once advised tbe removal of the:&ufferer; to the Hospital, where he waa accordingly taken about one o'clock yesterday morning. The poor little fellow lingered on for some hourf, but he succnmbed to his fearful injuries about six o'clock last night. His case from the first was considered hopeless, for recovery from such injuries would have been something marvel- Ions. This is tbe second case of injury from the explosion of gunpowder that has been received into tbe Hospital within the lBst two days. Our Elaine correspondent writes that the whole of Mount Doran was set in a blaze on Wednesday, by the sparks which fell from a passiDg train on the railway. Tbe damage done was very considerable. Mr John Pearson, who has resided fifteen years on his allotment, has lost four tonB of hay, a chaff-cutting machine, forty acres of post and rail fence, while tbe whole of bis orchard has been bumt-toa cinder. Mr John M'Queen IUB lost twenty-seven acres of fencing, and 260 acres of grass, and bis orchard is rendered useless; and Mr R. Anderson has lost forty chains of fencing, and fifty acres of grass. All the men were called up from the various mining claims, and worked like salamanders, or the fire would have gone on to Dolly's Creek and Morrisons. One valuable watch-dog was burnt to a cinder. Mr Edward Pearson, junr., was also burnt about the face, eyes and whiskers, while endeavoring to extinguish the fire. The B.H. steamer arrived at Gleselg yesterday morning at twenty minutes past eleven. The Rev. S. Herman (father of Mrs Levy of the Main road), who for many years officiated as Jewish minister of Ballarat, died at bis residence, Geelong, yesterday. The reverend gentleman was attended in HIE last momenta by DrBeid, whose services were of no avail, death arising from decay of nature, and advanced old "age. Tke reverend |gentlem&n;|was| a profound Hebraist, bung one of the best in tbe Southern Hemisphere,' and-from his extraordinary Talraudic knowledge, was consulted on all theological questions affecting the Jewish religion acting in the capacity of chief of the Beth Din. The reveren d~ gentleman'WSB engaged writing a Hebrew theological work at the time of his decease. The team of English cricketers will i Ballarat from Sandhurst by the 6.45 train this evening, to play a match against a team of twentytwo of the B.C.C., which commences to-morrow morning. The party (which iB accompanied by Lady Harris, Mrs Hornby, and one or two other ladies) will be received at the railway station by tbe officers oftheB.C.C., and will put np atCraig'i hotel during their stay in Ballarat. Another of the many acts ef vandalism committed by unprincipled visitors to tbe rooms of tbe Mechanics' Institute was perpetrated by someone who either yesterday or the day before signalised himBelf byxntting ont and appropriating from tbe copy of the Otago IVzfoess kept in tbe readingroom the report of a lecture delivered by the Bev. J. W. Inglis -on " Pen and Ink Sketches of the Past," in Balclutha, last month. It is to be hoped that tbe 'offender will be .found out, as by bis selfish and dishonest action he has deprived tbe other frequenters of the reading-room of an opportunity of reading the New Zealand experiences of the pastor of St. John'e Church. A schoolmaster named Fitzpatrick was lodged in the Town lock-np last night under the following circumstances. The accused came to Ballarat lately from Maryborough, and stopped at Con's hotel for a short time, and after be went away another lodger missed a watch and chain. The accused went subsequently to the Garibaldi hotel, in the Main street, and according to his own statement, lodged a chain with the landlord for safety, and when he asked for it back, the landlord said be had already given it. This the accused denied, and after some conversation -said he would square the matter for SB. The landlord refused to do eo, and finally the police were sent for, and the chain found in the heel of accused's stocking. He was accordingly arrested on a charge of endeavoring to obtain money by false representations, and lodged in the Town lock-up. He will be dealt with this morning. On Wednesday evening, at about nine o'clock. Cole's Windermere hotel, half-way between Ballarat and Burmmbeet^ was entirely destroyed by fire, together with all the furniture, stock, and other contents. It appears that the fire originated in a room occupied by a lodger, and was caused by the candle he -was burning setting alight to the curtains of the window, aad thence communicating iritb tbe lining and roof. Oa the alarm having been given by the lodger, Mr and Mrs Cole, with others, attempted to stay tbe progress of tbe flames, but without success, and the fire made headway with such rapidity that it was found impossible to save any--part of the large building or. its contents. The loss to Mr Cole is about £900, none of which is covered by insurance, although he had made application for a policy within the last few days. Added to this disaster, we regret to state that only last week Mr Cole sustained a serious loss by thedeatii of tbe famous "stallion Young Scotchman, which was valued at £500. We observe by advertisement that a meeting is to be held at Comber's hotel, this evening (Friday), to assist Mr Cole to some extent in the midst of his misfortunes, in which it is hoped bis friends and neighbors will take part. Tbe result of the English Waterloo Cup is to hand by cablegram. The winner turned up in Mr Miller's Mistertou, the runner up bong Mr Carruthers' Commerce. Tbe Purse was won by Mr Douglas' Dear Erin, and the Plate by Musical Box. Mistertou, Commerce, and Dear Erin are all by Contsigo, who was by Cashier—the aire of Gitana, Colleen Buadb, and other greyhounds known to colonial fame, thus showing tbe judgment of a well-known Ballarat breeder in using Cashier as a sire, and -who still has plenty of the same valuable strain of blood. A bush-fire occurred at Clark's Hill on Wednesday, which at one time threatened to destroy several homesteads in its course. As it is, however, the farm of Mr William Cockburn has suffered severely, the fire destroying most of his fencing, above 75 acres of grass, nearly 300 tons of firewood, a small house detached from the main building, stable, cow-house, and piggery. The stock escaped with the exception of a calf and a pig, which were burnt to death in the places in which they were confined. The dwelling-house was saved through the forethought of Mrs Cockburn, who, when she saw the fire approach, filled every available vessel with water, and drenched the walls and roof wherever the fire touched. Mr Cockburn also managed to save the barn and the grain got from this last season's crops, or otherwise he would have lost nearly everything he had. The fire is stated to have been caused by the carelessness or want of forethought on the part of some men who were engaged in clear- ing land on an adjoining farm Other farmers in the vicinity have suffered, but Mr Cockburn is the heaviest loser, and he is altogether uninsured. The third event for Gill's trophy waa sailed yes- terday afternoon, at Wendooree, when the Bmorter won a well-contested race with tbe Coquette by only a fewseconds. -The itut was to Garden Island, after which everything was left on tbe port hand. Tbe Achievement weathered the half-way point, but after rhat she "wagged" to leeward and eventually gave up. The Reporter showed in front until beating op the second time, when the Coquette tassnmed the lead tOl Brace's bnoy waa bang approached, when the Reporter again . .mat. to the .front. Veiling the south Tmoy, the -Vagabond, running ''full and by," was suddenly taken with a equal], end quietly went over," ducking her crew opto the 1 waist. The nee now lay between the Beporter and the Coquette, aa the Achievement seemed to faave had enough of it; aod« splendidly-handled round resulted in the Beporter passing the judge's eye in 1 h. 43 min.; Coquette, a close second. 1 h min. 7 sec. JThe anniversary of St David's Day will be c$ebrated to-day, aa usual, by a grand eisteddfod m me Mechanics' Institute, at which a triple entertanment haa been provided. Tbe competition wjUt»inlnenceiat-ten' o'clock, »md after "an adjournment at about twelve, will be continued in the afternoon. In the evening the concert is to take places it which the -popular Welsh harpist and singer, Mr Thomas Morgan, wOl assist; Tpereu every reason to believe that this will be B largest and moat. successful gathering of 'mrians that baa ever taken place ia BaQarat, and visitors are expected from all portions of the district. .An inquest was hdd at Blunt's Victoria hotel, Iiinton, by Dr Hopper, district coroner, on the body of a Chinaman, -who was found dead in bis bed the previous day. From the evidence of Dr Nolan, who made the post-mortem examination, the deceased died irom heart dlsease ot long standing. The jury brought in a verdict accordingly. flbe St. Patrick's Day Fete committee Jidda meeting last evening; the. chairman,Mr William Kinane, presiding. There was a good attendance of members present. Correspondence was read from a number of gentlemen, all promising assistance at tbe Cete, and from Mews M. OTlsndl and J. Hickman, each enclosing a guinea, towarib the fete finds. It was resolved that tbe Creswick and "Gordon newspapers leodve each an; advertisement on acconnt of demonstration. It was also xesolved that liiree poblicans' bootha, two confectioners', asd a dancing booth be aold on Saturday, 8th Marcb, by public iMmpetition, at two p.m. Two bands are to be advertised for, one to proceed to Bungaree and tbe other to Sebastopol on St Patrick's morning. Tbe works committee were instructed to visit the grounds and report on same on Tuesday, 11th proximo. It was resolved that the Minister of Railways be written to, requesting that excurtion fares bech&rged; on the day of the demonstration, and that tbe several burling clubs be invited to participate in the match. The next meeting will be held on the lltb March. Tbe programme will be published on Saturday next. Tbe long-continued case of Costin v Lang came before Mr Thomson, warden, at the City Court yesterday, in the form of an application to the warden to enter up his decision in accordance with the decision of the Full Court. The warden, in the face of the fact that he has already entered up one, declined to make any other, and tbe case was adjourned to the 4th of April, to allow the plaintiff time to obtain a mandamus from the Full Court, to enter his decision in accordance with that of the higher conrt. We notify-thoBe who wish to Bpend an agreeable outing in the country that the Creswick Hospital fete takes place to-day. The attractions are great. The acceptances for the Creswick Handicap, Hurdle Race, and vaultiog, embrace some of tbe best peds, and the contests will be keen and exciting, as the acceptances are numerous. Tickets can be had of Mr Bropby, M.P., Stnrt street. At a committee meeting of the Grenvilleshire Council yesterday the following tenders were let: —Contract 302, forming, gravelling, &c.f; about 26 chains roadway, new road from Bull inn to Cherrytree, in separate portions, M. Donovan, £6i oi contract 303, J. King, £102 10s: contract 304, P. Kiely, £108; contract 305, P. Kiely, £12 9s contract 30G, J. Malone, £75. .'The president'and Councillors Bennett, Clarke, and M'Fadzean were present. At the Town Police Court yesterday, a China-; man, named Ah Yen, was sent to gaol for three ^ months on. a charge of petty larceny, to which he pleaded guilty. We remind our readers that the supplementary list of persons claiming tobe entitled to vote for members of the Legislative Council, will be made up by the electoral registrars on Saturday next, so that no time should be lost in applying for electors' rights. Mr T. Sinclair, who has been canying on business as a baker -at Haddon for some years past, being about to-proceed home to Scotland, about thirty of hiB friends and himself met at Campbell's hotel on Wednesday, tobid farewell. The company sat down to a very good spread, and after the cloth was removed,' "The Queen and "Boyal Family " and "Tbe Parliament of Victoria" were given, and well responded to. Then followed "The guest of tbe evening," with musical honors and a large amount of cheering. The company spent four or five pleasaot hours together, with songs and toasts, &c.;, the health of the host bringing the proceedings to a close. We again remind owners of greyhounds that the nominations for the Ballarat Derby and Oaks close this evening, at Craig's bote!. There is tobe seen in the shop of Messrs B. U. Nicholls and Co. some monster seedling rhubarb, grown by Mr Hogan, in bis garden in Lydiard street north. There are three stalks exhibited,- which, together, weigh 12 lb, the main part of each stalk bang 3 feet long and over 6 inches in diameter. Aa specimens *f rhubarb, the exhibits are well worth inspecting, for they are probably the largest yet grown or exhibited in Ballarat. The Minister of Education invites tenders this morning for repairs to schools in this town and trenching ground in Urqahart street. Particulars will be found in our advertising columns. The Town Mission Temperance and Band of Hope Society commenced their fortnightly entertainments last night. There was an excellent gathering. MrStoneman presided and delivered a good address. Mr Field and family (especially Miss Lizzie), Mr C. Stoneman, Mr Date, Miss Lizzie Hosking and Master Spencer, and the Mission choir also rendered good service by their temperance songs and recitation*. - The adjourned meetiofi of tbe St. Patrick 1 . Night ball and snpper committee will be held at Bropby's hotel, this evening, at eight o'clock. The Grenville Gun Club will hold a shooting match at Tounghusband's hotel, Brownsvale, on Wednesday, the 5th of next month. A meeting of the Wesleyan Lay Preachers' Association will take place in the Dana street class-room this evening, at half-past eight o'clock. The programme of sports to take place at the picnic of the brewers, wine and spirit merchants, and cordial manufacturers of Ballarat, on the 2~th of next month, will he found published in onr advertising columns this morning. The ordinary monthly meeting of the committee of the Ballarat Agricultural and Pastoral Society will be held on Saturday next, at Craig's hotel, at eleven o'clock ft m. Business— 1 To fix the date of tbe next sheep show and sale at Ballarat, and other mutters. For some days past (says the Gtehmg Advertiser) a naked man has been running wild in the bosh forming a portion of the Golf Hill estate, near Shelford. On Tuesday afternoon Mountedconstable Davidson went in search of the man, and towards the evening found him standing under a tree a short distance from the Biver Leigh. The individual turned out to be a young man named Thomas Cleary, who states that be haa recently been sheep-shearing at Buninyong. Cleary was perfectly nude, and when arrested on a charge of lunacy, he appeared to have just come from having a bath in the river. This wild man of the woods was brought to Gedong on Wednesday, and remanded until Monday for medical enquiry. . An audacious attempt (says the Sandhurst correspondent of tbe Argus) on the part of two members of a co-operative mining party to swindle their partners has been brought to light. Some few months back a party waa formed to work s claim on Pringle's line of reef, situated a few yards to the west of tbe Garden Gully line, and the two men referred to were admitted aa working partners. They have since been prospecting the claim • between the 140 feet and 160 feet levels, and always represented to the remaining partners that they had not succeeded in striking payable Btone. Last week, however, one of the men made a confidential proposition to the secretary, to the effect that if he would join them, and endeavor to oust tbe remaining shareholders, by advising tbem not to spend any more money on tbe mine, and thus induce tbem to relinquish their interest, -they would-give him a third of the gross yield of gold. The secretary immediately "smelt a rat," and pretending, without giving a definite answer, to fall in with the proposition, he got tbe men t show him a gold- bearing reef which they had cut in prospecting, but which they bad adroitly covered over again so that it should not be observed by any of the party who might inspect Os daim. The eecretaiy communicated this intelligence and disclosed the conspiracy to Us co partners; and at a meeting of the party on Tuesday night the whole affair was brought forward, the consequence bong that the two working partners were ousted. One of these men was present at tbe meeting, and it is said made no attempt to explain the conduct of himself asd- mate, but -upon a bint being-dropped that a constable waa outside awaiting the issue of the meeting, he fled incontinently. Although a suspicion appears to exist that some specimens have been taken from the reef, ft is improbable that any further proceedings will be taken in the case, as tbe party are well enough pleased at the conspiracy having been burked, and the unex- pected prospects of payable returns from the claim. The following news concerning Kenneth' M'Donald, who escaped from Hamilton Gaol where he was awaiting his trial on a charge of aheep-stesling, is given (says the Agt) by a correspondent of a country paper:—" Kenneth M'Donald has made good bis escape. A gentleopa residing in iids districJ svere that he has had communication with a man who bad the honor (? 1 of rowing M'Donald from Bridgewater, near Portland, and placing him on board an out- -ward-bound vessel." The diamond drill (saya the Sandhurst correspondent of the Argm) is still at a standstill, so far as boring operations are concerned. Tbe diamonds Which dropped from the bit are still at the bottom of; the bore, and it .was found on Wednesday morning that tbe hole for a. considerable depth from the bottom had become silted up by sand falling from tbe ridea of the bore; 20 feet of this silt still remains at the bottom-of the bore. The bachelors- of Australia (writes "Atticus" in tbe i-corfer)--find favor in the eyes of the daughters of her governors. Viscount Canterbury and Sir Hercules Bobinson. bave.found sons- «he antipodes, and tbe marriage of Sir G. F.£oweo's eldest -daughter with theaon of a Melbourne squatter. is -on the iapi*.' Theennsement 'wais sanctioned the evening before tteiady took her departure for Mauritius, whither, no doubt. ihe will be soon followed by her suitor. Tfee p«>ple about Horsham don't appear-to like the anorung of tbe iron horse. IheJPhamt Oretk Netrs writes :—" Considerable annoyance, u felt by householders in the torn at the movant whistling that has lately been indulged in at night by tbe looomotiw on tbe Bto^unltna Iu comeqoencsof the longevity of fame of the whistles, not only hare several of the firemen started .ftom their homes anticipating a flre, bBt_ have *ta> been tendered afnid that their domie3ea have been inflames." ^^ JThe^rewnt failure (writes «'Atticna" in tte £«ifcr) of the luge firm in Melbourne fits been followed with a result similar, on k small Male, in fe suspension .of tbe ..(Sty of Glasgow B"k. The widow of a former partner waa supppsed to have had £7000 Invested in the business. »aa for yean she received the interest regularly. now -appeals that tbe principal baa been ab-; eorbed in the firm's losses, and that her source of' existence in her bid age has been swept away. 