of BC8P-FIUE3. TO TBB SDXTOE OF XBB COTIBXEK. EIR.-—Thedamage done to property and doj'ruc tion of life by bnsb-Bresis something of too serious a nature to be passed lightly over, and demands eeriucs attention in order to prevent a recurrence p eneb disasters. For tbe ioterast and benrfit of the agricultural*tl venture to m*ke a few simple and practical suggestions. Firstly, that all farmers pl<.u(ih up a couple or three acres In a circle rnun their homesteads, lha homertead to form the centre le such circle. The ploughed lands to be planted wi t potatoes, (he haulm or fctalkof which being green when all ronnd k parched and dry, would effectua obeektheoourseof tbe fire. Pec ndly, thataQ head lands around paddocks under cultivation bis likewise ay pUsted with potatoes. Thi-plnnictroduoedwpufdsot only - eheek fin,but ecuoomi e labor, as it wo^ld s the necessity of hwd rei} ing before introdudugth machine. Thirdly, in di7 districts, whe:e farmers dependent solely on rain for awaJer supply,d«m ooveredwith sheet iron, which would supply a large quantity of water which the earth, in its naturally d fit-te, absorb". _ Tmfedlalely around tfce edges « dam> as embacsmeLt should"bemade cf the soil f a, tbe aresblng<>l the slope, on which, t-bonld be pla some shrubs M a shade, T* prevent aa absorption the -water by ths sun or hot win e The dam diould be in aa oval form, with an opening In t e»ob end. 1 Li* would serve .as a pathway for and cattle, ' for a circulation of cool a?r over .the surfaos oF 'he water, and likcwiite to convey t th watersnpply^fromelopM^biohcon!d becharged mn ta such pathways. If<=tone is not available, V drains e, with wool might b» u*efL It is said that In-many «ases the sparks from engines on tbe railway are t cine® «f. bash-fires This cou d be prevented b er- parsing or discharging the exhaust gtsun direotly over«ny p<lot euehvparks may escape, tncm. 3fcia at least would Irasea cbaaces of fire.-it not prevent alt" gel her from tuch sources.-. . -Ci>D iiOKUB- 