THE BUSH FIRES. The heat in Elmore (says the Age) for the past eight days has been very great. Bush-fires are raging in the district Water is becoming scarce on every hand. The country back in the Winchelsea forest on Friday was one mass of flame, and on Saturday it was little better. Never for years (writes a correspondent of the Gedcmg Timet) have we experienced suc fierce conflagrations aa we did on the 28th anniversary of Black Thursday. There was a very narrow escape last evening while the coach was coming from Lome. The fires in the forest swept down upon the coach track, and the driver found that going back was just as dangerous as proceeding. He therefore made a desperate gallop for more than half a mile, blinded and scjrohed by smoke and the flames. The passengers lav down in the coach, and escaped the greater part of the heat, which blistered the paxels of tbe vehicle. To-day there is stffl a fearful amocnt of fire in the fore.-L Mr J. S. Hopkins has lost a great amount of grass. In the parishes of Bambra. Gherang Gherang, Wensleydale, Wormbete, and Tutegong, a grea*. number of small holders are entirely burnt out. Mr G. Parish had his house, grass, and crops destroyed. Mrs Dryden and Mr Bell lost fences and grass, and their stacks were only saved with difficulty. George Hammond, Gherang Gherang, lost his house, grass, and fence; Mrs Ingledew, Bambra, house, fenoes, and grass; Mr Farqnharscn, Bambra, most of his crops and fences, i. great number of others have also suffered, but those are the princinal ones. (f rom the Gordon Adcertiter.) We have had nothing but bush-fires for the e past week. On Tuesday it sprang up with newed vigor, so much so iudred, that tne mei_ _ charge of the Homeward Bound battery with great difficulty eaved the building. The fire then travelled into Quinn's paddock, and, although the house was fortunately saved, still the crop and fencing were all destroyed. The conflagration then got amongst the twenty-acre paddocks on Parker's range, belonging to MeSErs Honrigan, Davies, Bozanski, Bohan, and Mrs Brsmner, and notwith standing that a large number of the residents, amongst whom we noticed Messrs Anketell, M'OulIoch, Hurley, Wilkinson, Honrigan, King, and others, who worked like perfect salamanders to stay the progress ef the flames, though they could do next to nothing, and tbe manager of the Parker's United Company, Mr Northey, noticing the imminent danger of their plant, put on all the men to heat ont the fire. Mr Buckley also closed his school and headed a large contingent of his boys, who did capital service. At four o'clock iu the afternoon the fire had almost entire possession of the hill, and it was feared that the machinery at both the North and South Parker's shafts would be destroyed by the raging element. At this time Mr Northey was on top of the poppet-heads giving orders, which were promptly earned ont r-'•— • - - • lergeUca'ly all hands worked. A force-pump was _ lickly erected, and a stream of water continually thrown over the buildings of the battery, whilst the blacksmith's shop, Btorehonse, and other outbuildings, aleo the stacks ol firewood, were completely saturated with water, so that whenever a spark alighted on any of the buildings it was at once extinguished, end to this in a great extent may be attributed the ultimate eafety of the SeutU Parker's plant. The north shaft was even in more danger than the south one, but fortunately the same precautious were taken as we have just described, and their efforts were crowned with success, much to the gratification of all; for if the Parker's claim had been destroyed tke business people of the township would be great losers, as a large number of men would thereby be thrown out of employment Happily, however, this is not the case, and we have therefore every reason to be thankful that the danger was successfully over iited the hill, and expressed themselves well pleas the manner in wbich the miners had worked to save the property of the oompany. A cask of beer was then sent for, and the thirsty men duly quaffed the tame, drinking success to tho company and everyone else. Another fire was likewise burning st the si time in Messrs M-Mahon and Clifford's paddocks, i the cricket ground, and this travelled down to Mr Oavanagh'e, and on Wednesday his homestead was in great danger of being destroyed; in fact, it was in" such dangerous proximity that the furniture was '-ken out and carted to Gordon, but after ime hard work the flames were turned in another direction. A large amount of damage, however, has been done to Ur Oavanagh'e property, and unfortunately he was absent from home at the time. Gascard's, Cahill's, Luby's, and Vanghan's paddocks did not escape, all the grass being destroyed and a large amount of fencing; in fact Mr Vaughan has_abont thirteen miles of fencing to replace, and he is a vBry great loser—about £500. His sheep were driven np to Gordon on Wednesday, and placed in one of Mrs Caly's paddocks, so as to be ont of danger. Besides the tanners just mentioned, Mr BobBon lias had his crop, homestead, and some carts and harness burnt ; also Mr Mullane his house and crops; Mr Harrington, crops and fences; Mr M'Kinnon, his bouse and crops ; Mr Grantham, grass and fencing; Mrs Hetherton, a poor widow, has lost her little all. The fire travelled on both sides of the road from Gordon as far as Brad- Bhaw's Creek, and the State sohool at that place bad a narrow escape. On Thursday the Gordon fire met the Egerion one, and a stenny wind blowing, the flames rapidly spread along the Whipstick Gully, doing considerable damage. Sullivan's farm again got burnt, but when we left the scene of conflagration eu Thursday the housewas uninjured,thefiameshaving passed close by the haystacks and house without doing any. great damage. The splitters in the neighborhood*! the Whipstick have been heavy sufferers by the fire, as a large amount of props, 4c., have been consumed by the devouring fl>mes. A large number of residents from Fgerton done all they could on Wednesday night, but they could rotabate theflames, whilst on Thursday Messrs Simpson, Tanner, and the managers of the olaims, sent a number of men to assist the farmers, and So what little the? coal£ m saving • the farm-honses. The Balls n people, too, turned out wrll when the fire was iu that neighborhood. Messrs Thomas and Thomson were likewise visited-with the fire, but the former gentleman's property did not receive much damage. At -Bolwarta way O'Oonnor is about the greatest sufferer, We are informed that Mr Westwitt'e'Lal Lai Gardens about five miles from Gordons-received considerable damage on Thursday through a fire which is supposed to have been caused by some of the men working on the railway line. The fire burnt a large number ol fruit trees, also several cuihonses; but fortunately Mr Westcott's residence escaped. -It then extended to two or three farms adjaoent, Oxley, or Oxlade's, attaining damage, and likewise White's. The fire was still burning -yesterday (Friday) evening. Mr Thomas Webb, proprietor of the Forest .Home hotel, Tendon, informed ns' -yesterday that his farm and house at the foot of Mount Buninyong had -been -burnt to the gronnd- Hb estimates hie loss at £500. By competent judges it-is estimated that the loss to the district through the fires cannot be rputdoWn under £30,000. The amount of burnt teno-' ' • " stimated at 200 -miles, but -we cannot irrectness. At any rate-the. loss sns-' , disastrous tmsh-firee'during the past fortnight wOl befelt both by the fanners and tradespeople fer the next two years. 