The Story of Maurice More* By F. M. We were camped with sheep at the foot of the G-rampians Close down to the little township of Dunkeld. It was about sundown, the flock securely folded were safe in the guardian - chip of the cook, and Maurice said, ' Let us go up unto the mountain.' The blue cone of Sturgeon rose high above, looking out to the westward plains. We started through the bush, stunted honeysuckle, and oak, an occasional gum glistening silverly through its tattered garments of the last year. Maurice leading, whistled softly, and from his manner I knew that he was very sad. Now sadness was strange to Maurice, my companion in many journeys Clumsily at times I had touched a string that sent back a quivering note of pain, but generally in the round of our daily life, as in times of danger, endurance or toil, I had found him a merry-hearted mate, a right trustworthy friend. His history and mystery I did not know. That both were worth the. learning any man glancing at him might clearly see. Blue youthful eyes, too widely spread for any business success, beneath a furrowed brow and a fleece of curly hair, all streaked and patched with gray. ' Sickness turned my hair gray,' he would reply to curious enquirers, and turn aside to avoid further questioning. We had ridden for weeks together across leagues of long white plains, through silent tshadeleBS forests, and oceans of the monoton ous malee — we had yarned together by bush-fires on half the camping grounds of Australia, yet of his earlier days he had spoken to me never a word. But on that night when he said, 'Let us go up to the mountain,' I felt intui tively he had something to say, and followed in silent ex pectancy. Through the bush, to a great growth of fern, and upwards, by a stair-like fissure of the rocks to the barren crown of the hill. Blossoming scrubs and heaths growing feebly about the giant cairns, made a delightful fragrance, and a fresh breeze came from the great lakes of the south or the ocean beyond, tempering the last heat of the day: We looked for awhile at the world about us — peaks of the mountains leading away to the northern horizon, east, west, and south, wide wolds of lightlyj timbered land, the fertile land of Australia Felix, occasional sheets of sluggish water frightening to beauty in the lierht of the rising moon, a Squatter's homestead at the mountain's foot, ana the little township upon the river banks. Maurice stretched down upon a great flat rock, and asked Suddenly, passionately almost, ' Do you know whom you are chumming with 'i ' I replied 'No I' hardly catching the drift of his Question. He continued, 'Do you remember the night the parson Camped with us, and the scare I gave him ? ' I remembeied our entertaining an unfortunate divine who ihad ' wandered in the woods,' and a little episode wherein Slaurice, as he expressed it, had scared him. The billy |(near boiling) had capsized upon the logs, and Maurice had Bworn at it, steep enough too, and kicked it aside for ' an Duld divil that was all legs and couldn't stand,' whereupon the parson, as in duty bound, had spoken, though with all gentleness, of the folly and sin of such blasphemous utter ance. Maurice turning with the most bitter look I ever saw upon mortal face, said. ' Parson ! Do you believe in fiell?'. ...... 'I do,' the divine replied, staunch to his colours. ' So do I,' said Maurice, ' and 1 was bred in a set where it meant lire and brimstone, hot and deep, and I believe it still ; and I tell you now, that if one act of my past life could be annulled and the black eternity you preach about pay the penalty, 1 would strike the bargain. Say (con tinued he, clutching the black coat convulsively) is your Master Omnipotent ? — Can the past be done away '- ' His reverence spoke of the irrevocable past, of the infini tude of mercy. Maurice turned away contemptuously. ' Too old, 'he said. ' She suffered, yes, and I must burn.' He stormed the parson down as the good man attempted to console or farther expound, and, whistling ' Garryowen,' proceeded to boil another billy. That evening in the moonlight upon Mount Sturgeon he said to me, ' All that I told the parson was true, if one act of my past life could be wiped out, and if the eternal future my grandmother told me of should be the penalty, though it lay right beneath that rock, I would accept it.' I was silent. Such strange propositions were hard to meet. ' You think I'm a raving lunatic. Listen, old man ! I was a dainty quill-driver at nineteen, a married man, a murderer three years later, a berserker, a death's-head crusader, a nineteenth century madman at nine-and-twenty. Do you know whom you are chumming with, I say ? ' I replied 'You are talking a lot of incomprehensible nonsense. Put your past history by on the dustiest shelf of memory and let us get down the hill, the mountain air or township whisky is affecting your brain.' ' Whisky ! Heaven help us ! ' He laughed bitterly. ?« Will you listen to my yarn ? its a curious load to carrv single handed through life, and God only knows if death and eternity will shift it.' Without reply, I sat down beside him, and he began his Btory. 'I told you I was a hank-clerk at nineteen. I was bred on the Murray amongst this sort of work, horses, stock whips, cattle, and sheep. My father was overseer on a station, he came down too hard from a warrigal, and died, £he mother followed. A shop-keeping uncle in town took me in charge, and stock-whips and horses were exchanged for account-books and figures. The change did not suit me at all, the bush was my birthright, but, without doubt, school discipline didmegood, and evening conversations with ihe old uncle stirred up some roots of cunning in my brain, that have died long since. '' The merchants, the bankers '(said the old man), are ihe successful men of the country, they own more stations dhan half the squatters. We must get you into a bank, Maurice.' ' School training over, they placed me in a bank, and see ing a rosy future ahead, I worked hard. Things went well, and I had a good name amongst the little men of ihe world. In two years promotion came. I was sent second hi charge to a small up-country branch, and all the world said I was travelling towards fortune fast. You knew these small hush towns. You Understand how easy it is to become famous amongst a community of rustics and fools. Early bush breeding and subsequent -city training had made me a somewhat smarter animal than most of my associates. The whole township, men and women, held me in respect and regard, and I was happy, as a leader in any sphere usually is. Twelve months thus, when a dealer came down from the north with a mob of horses. He Bold them well, and with the capital realized started a general store. We naturally became acquainted, and 1 soon learned to regard him as something of a master ; he could reach a peg farther than me in every direction, yet was not ostentatious of his superior power, but apparently tried to keep me on the foreground 1 had hitherto held. I enjoyed his society, finding hi him that agreeable elder and unassuming boss youngsters love while they follow and obey. Certainly it was rather a surprise when he one day proposed that I should give up the bank and join him in a wider range of business. I mentioned the offer to my principal in the bank, and to one or two of the leading men in the town. They advised me to go in — ' Miles has capital and experience,' they said; ' and you -.have all the training an accountant needs.' I went in and we prospered well. Miles of course held the store to himself, and claimed a small per centage of the agency profits .in consideration of bis joint responsibility. In twelve months my gains were double what my salary had been in the bank, I was known favourably on all hands, and when Bhortly afterwards I married a wife, they feted and cheered me as a crowned king. I married a wife, I say, the only child of a good Did man, whom adversity had buf feted for many years. He had been chief amongst the river side squatters once, when I married Kitty he gained a meagre livelihood by teaching in the little bush school. He loved his daughter as the miser his gold, yet gave her to me with out demur, with joy and gkdness in fact, feeling assured that her future happiness was safe. And happy we were for two long years, the old man living with us, yet continu ing to teach in the school, having a large love fer the young - imps of the bush which they returned with more than usual respect. The auctioneering and agency was the best half of the business. Miles spoke of giving up the storekeeping, and ran his stock very low. All my surplus funds went to the decoration of our little cottage and garden, .about which moved Kitty and her child, thelove and joy of the whole neighbourhood. ,' ' Two years of pure and perfect happiness. 'Tis some thing to remember in a life-time of regret.' He was silent so long that I said, ' Your wife died.' ' Yes ! I killed her. Let me tell you the story without interruption.' ' We dined at the manse one evening, and returning home I left my wife at the office corner, and went round to the ' Star,' on some business about a cricket match. There were a dozen of us there, and we had passed an hour merrily with songs and wine when a man- on the roadway raised a ciy of fire, and looking out we saw a red glare through the trees on the other side of the nver. All guessed the place and started without many words. It was more than a mile distant, and when we reached it, cottage, office, and store, ?.were in one united blaze. The little excited useless crowd parted a6 we approached, and in the centre I saw Kitty kneeling above the old man her father. He was evidently beyond all chance of recovery, and they told me that my wife was terribly burned. She hadbeenfirstto give thealarm, and would have perished in the attempt to rescue her father (who suffocated by the smoke was powerless to move) but for the timely assistance of neighbours. The old man did not last many hours, and the doctor spoke very dubiously as to the recovery of my wife. 'The slightest shock will be fatal,' they said, ? perfect rest and she may survive.' 'She would have lived and led me by the hand to Heaven, but for my own criminal hot-headed fpUy, 'Miles had insured the store for a large amount, and at the time of the firehis stock was very low. The insurance agent asked ugly questions, and being placed on oath I spoke truthfully of the matter so far as I understood it. Miles looked black as a thundercloud the while, and meeting me afterwards in the company of some half- dozen towns men before the hotel, he said: ' What did you mean to imply in your evidence to-day ? ' I replied, ' You know, or ought to know, that 1 am not in the habit of making implications, I have generally the courage to speak plain.' He said, 'You lied in your statements as to my stock — you lied, I say, and knowingly.' It was some slight provocation, eh? You would strike your self on the same challenge. Ah, yes, you would, nor ever think that the blow might strike the life from one who loved you only less than her God. What pitiful things we are, we chivalrous, brave men, striking out at random in defence of this thine we call honour. The dyak running a-muck in the madness of passion has much the same dis cretion. There was an unseemly brawl in the street that day, two men tearing at each other for a while in blood and filth, to the edification of all beholders, parted eventually by others more sensible and calm., led apart and soothed by soft words such as mothers use, quelling the passion storms of coddled mf-.nts. But he who was insulted had satisfaction. Ah, y&-, full and complete. Down the street went the news, swiii as a whirlwind to the ears of Mother O'Grady, who nursed Kitty and her child. Mrs. O'Grady could no more contain such news than an uncorked soda water bottle its gas. ' I went in to her,' she said, ' and that sorrowful— why, a fool might understand I was just bursting with trouble ; but the baby crowed and laughed, and she smiled, poor thing, and wouldn't understand, till at hist I up and told her all, and then, Heaven help us ! it seemed to burn her worse than the fire. She withered up and died.' * * * * * * Very soon afterwards a good angel of sickness took the little one home, and then I was indeed alone.' He took from his pocket a scrap of paper. I saw that it was a leaf from a volume of Longfellow, and through two sepaiate bands of hair could dimly read the words :— « The brown is from the mother'6 hair, The blonde is from the child's.' He repeated them as I read, and continued — 'Yes, that is all remains of my past life. I died utterly at that time, and rose again as you know me. In that moment of rash, ungoverned passion when I struck Miles, I murdered my wife. I had rather have smote off my right hand six hours later. I would have been chopped by inches, I would (as I told you and the parson before) give my body to be burned, to annul that action now.' * * * * * * Poor mad Maurice ! It was useless reasoning with him. That terrible time had wrought havoc in some corner of his all too sensitive brain. He took the two locks of hair from the paper, entwined them awhile about his fingers, then slowly replaced them in his breast, *? Two locks, and they were wondrous fair, Left me that vision wild ; The brown is from the mother's hair, The blonde is from the child. And when that brown lock I behold, Pale grows the evening red, But when I look upon the gold, I wish that I were dead.' The words seemed to blend with the voices of the Wannon waters, and of the ever mourning oaks, as we came together to the camp, and Maurice stretched down without a word, while the old cook's face loomed like a death's head above him, in the light of the dying fire. I did not sleep peace fully that night; wind, trees, stars, and clouds, seemed ringing changes of Maurice's passionate words. It was the first time I had understood the crushing power of fate, and I iitvuarnoj? ftf tyitt imfnrtiiTiflfa fripnri aa fitrofrfrlincr lianonfVi fTio toppled mass of Sturgeon. We went on our journey on the morrow, speaking little, and continued thus for some days. I did my best to fan up the quenched fires of ambition, pointing out tide many chances to be found in every mode of life, and the certainty with which he might yet fight and win ; but to no purpose. Maurice was broken-hearted, the world had lost its salt to him. A month later (we had delivered our sheep, and were striking across the plains towards Melbourne), a budget of European papers brought news of the outbreak in the Eastern principalities, Reading of Servian pluck and Turkish atrocity, I noticed a light kindle in my companion's eye; the same had flashed once before, when he got up amongst a dozen cowards to thrash Long Joe, a six-feet blatant bully who imagined brute force and stupidity had crowned him lord of all. I saw instantly the beginning of the end, and was not surprised when, after a farther glance at the paper, he tossed it down, asking, ' How would a fellow get from here to Servia?' There was no difficulty in indicating the route, and I did so, not questioning him as to his purpose. He lit a pipe and smoked fiercely for a while, walking restlessly to and fro, at length said, ' Let us take a turn outside,' and I followed him down to the Falls, for we were camped at Redruth, on the Wannon, half-way 'twixt Coleraine and Hamilton. I knew well what was passing in his mind, and it seemed to me grand and good, like that great song of the daughter of Jephthah when interpreted to us by the music of the organ, the high clear strain of joy pealing out above the deep tones of the mightier pipes that breathe voice of fate ; so here the high strain cf a noble purpose according well with the glorious water voice, whose tone was of grandeur but of awe. He said, as we sat down upon the trunk of a fallen tree, ' A man might die in a good cause there.' I remembered the dreams of all the heroes from Kosciusko to Kossuth, and joined them to my own wild visions of a' great republic, blent from all those scattered races, the kingly powers of east and west have sought through centuries to persecute and destroy ; a new power in central Europe, a mighty barrier against the encroachments of Sultan, Kaiser, or Czar, and I answered, ' Yes, a good and a great cause.' _ Maurice' bared his arm to the elbow and said, ' I think I could handle sword or lance. I think I could manage ten Bashi-Bazouks and die pretty well at the finish. I'll go to Servia, I'm berserk, the camp's broken up.' There was a new expression upon his face the next morn ing, the calm determination of it fixed and worthy purpose. He had the horses saddled by day-break, saying, ' We mu6t make Melbourne without delay.' Three days later we rode across the Werribee Plains as the sun went down. All the stars were shining as we came round by Williamstown, and leaning forward on his horse, Maurice gave a long satisfied sigh of relief as he saw the ship's lights reflected from the waters, and heard the thunder of the trains rushing townwards from the port. We went to the old shop in Elizabeth- street, and were welcomed by a noisy crew : overlanders from all quarters of this wide Australian world, but, the first greetings over, Maurice drew aside and all the wild yarns and free jokes went past him unheeded. Phil Tuck,' (an old mate) came quickly alongside, and said, ' What's wrong with you, old man. Your laugh used to be pleasant as the smoke of Virginian tobacco and mellow as old Glenlivat. Now you've turned gray as a winter's morning on the Razorback, or the ashes from a burnt-out pipe.' Maurice took Phil's hand and spoke that all might hear. 'I'm tired of life, old man, that's what's the matter. You're all fellows of the right sort, but none of you know me. I'm going to die, I say. I'm going to Europe to fight the Turks.' They were silent at the first words, but broke into a loud laugh e'er the finish, and drank Mad Maurice's health with confusion to the Turks and luck to all good men; and Maurice sat silent, drinking nothing. Phil pressed him to sing as the night grew late, and when he promised the whole party hushed in eager expectancy. They thought to hear a song as in the old time, whose chorus should shake the house. But the expectant stillness changed to a yet more solemn quietude as the song went on, a song known to all the world, and rendered with a strangely pathetic power, as some terribly earnest believer might utter the terms of his creed. ' Howe'er forgot, unknown his tomb, He like a soldier fell.' It ceased as the evening hymn in some darkening cathedral aisle, rather than the final strain of a midnight revel, and at its close we arose every man as churchmen after benediction and went silently to rest. Two days in the city preparing our hero for the war, and from the pier-head Phil Tuck and I saw the homeward bound steamer cast off from her moor ings and glide outward to the sea, and looking out over the forecastle bulwarks', we SaW a face whose memory CHlj remains to us now. Turning in a last farewell, the strong south wind ruffling his gray hair, the low light of the sun flashing upon his swarthy face and wild blue eyes. Phil shouted huskily, ' Good luck, old man ! ' and in continently flung out his battered old ' Yankee '' in the wake of the steamer. A boatman returned the hat, and giving it a twist Phil stuck it on his woolly crown. The salt water trickled from forehead to chin, yet bo misty were my own eyes as we walked back to the town, 1 could hardly say if the moisture upon Phil's face was all from the salt — salt sea. Maurice wrote to me from Brindisi en route to the Servian frontier, and from the date of that letter became lost to us all. For a long time visions of him came to me in the glow of ihe evening fire. Often in dreams I saw him go down in a glorious melee, charging against the old Mahound with the banner of Servia, the cross of the crusaders and a shout that stirred the dead men in their graves. Often I heard him cry ' To the rescue,' at the sack of some Montenegrin village, saw him do gloriously, but in vain, and in the end writhe up against the spear of some devil-faced adversary, as did Coionsay, at Bannockbura, the satisfaction of a last great blow easing all pangs of death. But later, visions of Maurice came when the glow had died from the coals, and the ashes were cold and grey. All our hopes went flying, Cassar was enthroned more firmly than before. Accounts of beleaguered towns, and starved defenders, of suffering armies fighting to & hopeless end came to us con tinually, and, through the mist and darkness enveloping a fruitless strife, I saw a face emaciated white and still but very peaceful. A breeze from the northward ruffling the gray hair but the life- light quenched for ever in the fast closed eyes. Often came that vision till in my soul I accepted it as the voice of a spirit of truth ; so that now, and with joy rather than regret, I count one friend more in the ' silent land,' and if any ask me of Maurice, answer unhesitatingly, «» He is dead.' 