THE QUEANBEYAN AGE. SATURDAY—FEBRUARY 7, 1880. THE intense heat we have lately experi- enced has no doubt been the indirect cause of not a few of the many bush-fires that have been raging with fury in this and other districts. How to arrest the devour- ing element, fire, in its progress, or pre- vent its outbreak is a question full of deep interest to the squatter and free selector a question indeed which affects the whole colony. This is essentially a country whose very life depends upon its natural resources. If, therefore, these be cut off, or be in any way damaged, the consequen- ces that will follow must prove disastrous in the extreme. The cattle producing and wool growing districts, are in special danger of receiving incalculable damage from bush-fires, for, when once the lambent flame touches the withered grass all hope of saving it, or even the homestead be- comes feeble indeed. In our cities we have our fire brigades and all modern ap- pliances to bring conflagrations to a speedy termination, and prevent further loss of life and property. It is certainly praise- worthy and a sign of progress, that the more important inland towns are following in the wake of the metropolis. Very soon every township of note will have made provision for the outbreak of fire in house or store. If therefore our intelligence and modern invention enable us to hold in subjection the dread of man and beast in our towns, could not bush- fires be pre- vented by adopting measures suited to the country districts, or at all events stopped short in their destructive work ? To be- gin, with our extensive squattages and small selections adjoining each other take little or no precaution to arrest fire. Their paddocks are too large, and they so adjoin that they may be said to be one. The only dividing line that there is con- sists of a three-railed fence, a wire fence, or a log fence, the latter of which is not only unseemly to the, eye, but when the flame reaches it, it finds fuel for further and more disastrous results. Now could not each paddock be so divided, and the whole of the estate sub-divided that if a fire were to break out in one paddock its ravage would spread no further ? This could be done by cutting a ditch of some depth and width and when practical let the water run continuously, so that there might be a successful check to the flames and easy access to the water in case of further danger. If this cannot be done let the plough on certain places of the es- tate be employed to turn up the land and thus prevent additional damage ; or secure a water cart and let an intelligent man be employed during the hot season to travel with this cart and so thoroughly saturate with water a sufficiently wide portion of those paddocks that are the most likely to take fire, and this ought surely to act as a preventative against, at all events, whole- sale loss. We depend too much upon na- ture. Let us help nature, and it will help us. It may be argued that all these plans are hardly feasible and they would lead to an immense outlay. If they are not feas- ible we shall be glad to have the opinions of others on the matter. With regard to the outlay that is absolutely nothing in comparison with the bentefits that would follow. 'I'lu late t fire at 13uugendore in- .which _Messrs loss and= l'owi.L will 'lose con siderably, is caleulcated not only to-fill the -district with alarm lest a similai' thing should transpire-in every:part of the sur- t rounding country, but should .lead a.ll owners of produice to coi'sider well- the - risks they run in losing-their-all by spon taneous combustion, carelessness on the prir, of smokers, or the spleen of a treach erous skulkiing eneiny. t 'is' cdit'hinly hard enough to till the land 'uid. subse- t quuently find that -the crop is. a failure, 1 through rust or tsome unseen cause. But~ for a.crop to' grow up before ole's .eyes, givig prominise of uinprecedentted::emuner- 1 ation and constiaining its on itldr to shapq' this ideas and ferin his plans for future o peration, and then suddenly find his SImost cherished schemes thrown -to the ground," is a picture too black to dwell A upon, and certainly too disappointing and iharrassingfor many minds to labour under. Lr It is weil under such circumstances to have tlhe commisseration aind co6-opratioix Sof friends and neighbours. "Manifestations of sympathy and willing aid under trouble. and loss invariably make an :_indelible impression on the mind and tend to mollify jits ?uu'erings. :But'we'must eudeavour-to adoptmeasnures that will prevent disasters arising that Sry-lead to great commercial loss arind nmdntal struggle. For the want of a little forethought, many enterprising men have been reduced in a short time from a po sitioji of the greatest aliluence to one of ideepest poverty. There is not a grade of life but has uncertainty stamped ulipon it. 'Po meet life's exigencies is incumbent .i on all. The facilities':florded to meet the requirements of the age are too numerous to specify. There is, however, this iope t, for all who possess valuable crops. of hay ,iund wheat, &c.;, that they can :for the smallest sum comparatively, insure their .1 'crops for their- utmost value, and be promptly recouped for their loss, should they be distroved. Why then should people neglect such a chance ? A ny insurance society will be glad to make termius with owners of property at reason able rates.. Let the late fire at Bungen dore, and the hint we have given, be con sidered. - TPi Commissioiiers of the I. iternational Exhibition are fully belnt- on `making4the best of their undertaking by not only af. fording every facility for the pablic to gratify their curiosity to see sights and hear sounds, but are also anxious that the resources of the colony 'should be fully tnnd iwidely made known thatt it might rise to its true and destined position. in the 'vorld's empire. Ahlready our. colony has attracted the aftention of im:imy nations. Men of culture and science have-in con sequence of the Exhibition c.inie :amon-st us and been pleasingly disappointed; with our growth, attainments and uindvelopid resources. Great as this colony is, it is I but in its infinc, and rcquires only time and energy to bring out its treasures and reveal. its secrets to the cdls of the earth. It has already been proclaimued a ir'st-class climate fobr innumerable industries, and. its success has convinced the mist sceptical that the most sanguine hopes entertained of it will be realized in time. Circulars have been sent us by the Society of the Internat:oaal Exhmibiton that ai. agricul tural show will be held in the Agricultural Hall, Garden Palace, on the 2nd of March. Competitors arce requested to send in any article that this.suil can pro duce, for exhibition, with the undest ccid ing that they stand the chance of obtain ing a prize that can be handed down to unborn . generations, or have their name written in indelible i'ik OiL the history of the colony. At all events each contributor can do something towards educating the colony up to a required standard in the science of agriculturei and horticulture. We sincerely hope tiat all our readers will respond to this invitation issued by the Commissioners. .All neces sary papers and circulars with full iuforma tion, for the benefit of all parties. can be. had gratis from the sccrctary. It wouldbe well for our readers to apply at once for the necessary papers andl scatter them about without dilay, as it will tend to bring the matter nidler notice of those who feel disposed to encourage this. pro ject. It is impossible-to particularise in so short a'sliace at our disposal, but w\e may mention that one, general display of " all and every product of the land frmni all the colonies takes:place as mentioned Ifcre ! then is an opportunity to nlae ait the.rdis posal of the Commissioners, thccapabilities of our colony. This is a chance that is fraught withgoldein promise 'that points to something bright in prospect fIr New South 'Wales. To let it pass unnoticed, or enter carelesslyinto the scheme, will be committiug a suicidal act upon ouirselves, J and retarding all true progress. 'If we have the wellhre of the colony, at hoea,'t let ds respondl to the broait iiivittiioL" given. * _ tois 1(i ho arli e .oudt oxi ia gnnld siioie , lw dd reconinend to .Mr A ri.raii' Mncui Nai-ch rlikci, tli anbey.ii, who hlis, i omi ? anuii. Aumeiric??i TIobacco on sole.. Lii i AssuaSnxca.--Mir 1McLod% visit to this dlistrict Is icagent for the Mutuil P'roviident S ciety, Iha been .followedl by that of Mr Praien, agei!t :?or the Mutuuil Life Associ:tion who is at present UiinI'assing the Queanbeyan diSh'iL. aini will'pucoed I erllce tio Ccooalla. - l.cR.I, 'ei i'Di Olliniu-i' 1IN JJ I.)Jarauoisi-.- jThc the list oil druggists ll chlmists jilh~. p1nlihtdl who tre reg'listered llundle.the provliiOll of. the Sale anid JUse of Poisonus Act. ,M r G.ablrie's (ilali liea;tion is registered, as hliing g' diarriad oin bitsi-.. neJIci of chemist and Idrhlggist p]iriiu to; Sal.o `cid rise of Poisons 4ct, 18701" "OCicilt'i.-..'TugSrn'nong.beit Gininileru iin the nlate return ualtchl: Surely it ougjlt not itdJoi ail: of Gininderra, at one .time the best 'tretar of cricketers in the dlistribt, 't their glory hlis die iparted." W, e nomw hlihr that tih Queal1?.ytman public .schlol hIvI e sent or 'are bhout to send it c?.11lllenge to Gininulerrn. Coomn is alsohi li6ioull to ieet- the Quennbellyua temrin on ,their O?inl grounid on the 14th instant. We hope t salis. li"cbii; rrungement will he laile, nmul the hul lenge aiccepted. lIXn uH lol'u:.-Althiough, tthrouglh the inter l'eleiceu of the holidays, one or two of. the forb-i nigrhtly Imeetings of this usefu11 l nnd prosperuus soicety have Ihilpsed, we are infiirhied that piro-' grlinnlue will Ibh brought jorward for the meeting - to lt;ke pi1lle 1 nIll lliet \lrednlestliay erlleningof IO : clirlluictr thait w\ill fully lnkil?ler endll for, the : litlses' tlht hiave odelid:i;e;',linId ii i to he'hliloed thI:ae i ilhl"b a good attendance. We tlre -tlso in firllmed that:to Jill iup the holid-ay o En. I;mtter Mon day -:neIt. tliere will be, a'luiost'n ttraut iv'e ,enter-' tniiinenlt (open to the public by' ticket) prepared < ior the evening cof that dlat. 1 LAND ? Ut 1it:1.the tl'h oioi'nil;" itectioni - were taken up ion Thulrsdaly lnst, at QuCeanlbeynn, ili being in the county' of 'M.urri" : -Vii: "W~litJ, I l,)l kingtul, 50a..,see. 21, plrilsh T-turtrllilly ; .I. 1 3\. lurke, Bungendtore, GO.. see. 21. pa2ri1t1 of In.illnti? ; F.' E.; Smith, Micntlngo, 401tt. neL. 21, puriih Keieong oug. ;8Joetpih :Smith; .-utenboyanu; 1 (lOl., see. 21, parish of Yrraullnhul -. 