&£ - L \- " ' " \ „ ^aew&io-.j; On. ^OSday Jawufaig, jat :«J|»ut; plevcn o'doek, one of -*hs fuokt. tftrtifie bush-fire* Which has occurred in ASsdistrict for years past was fterty, Bong. Fronu the meagre paaticulare that f ire, to hand ib would appear that It origi-, nated m the Lamptough Forest, «n the Woodstock estate, as far back as fast Wed-. nesday, wheria young lad having chaseS taWut, into a hollawlag. set fire te the wood to v in duce the waimal to vacate Ws shelter, . tyjtthe burning tnr.ocr ignifcod^ie grass and B -t fire to a oonBiierable of country, his conflagration -tras hdi^feS to hare been uenched, $nt Mr ChristK(jkcr Abbott, near a remote pu-t of whoBe litrS Uic flames had been ertaagmshrjl, havixc^ome fears of its e^oo-ontof tfaoSieat of the weather, took a Walk in that ififtcction on 8nnday owrung,. awl diacnenG«d a portion of the aetegrowtii ' in a The fire when foimd was <»n&nd; Dst^a small space, and Mr At&wfct; avers iloft %ad beeu assisted be mold ha\\-e been eflkibled to have prevented <Ks further pnwre^s. But not a soul was. oear. - A ehort«i#(tnce from tite place there was a h a t , ' M r Abbott at once Tan;; but tiie pboe locked, its ownetgone, and so secaw^-'Was it fastened, thatfcyiio. device uoold iicfeffect an entrance or tftftaitta vessel to carrv -water wherewith ^nench; theflames. tsi this dilemma he was-oblige^ to tramaesnae considerable distsaiti&'before he could reK& any habitation; - bat —ibe eventually wotnft the inmates of ® neighboring « farm, whs impaired with biin the -conSigration. By the time the >party reached t&at; locality, it was fouBfl tlnit their most strenuous exertions could avail Tittie'to arrest ite progress. Thefire increas^in prt>portioB,^ie wind taking itin^&eBsiwtionof; several large estates. Tlie pass beinglong and diy by reason of the excessive horitol the .three r. previecs dayB, was consumed most rapidly, ami fix, Barnes raged for a TfiSth of a mile and a half. Mr Christopher SUbott's farm wasUbreafcened, and it waa fcotid IMPOSE' 1, ~ to intercept the great wall fVGrc which """ advanced towards it Therefore; ^ [y ns possible all the Atsep were dri ven fnw; the paddocks into a jilace of security.' AH«ie Jumda on tlie spot were set to work to'-ctay the progress of thc .flames. bnt tji& vegetation ignited, and in a very short space of time cveiy Wade of grass which had flourished on wide acres of splendid grazing bttd was buroed to ashes, while the lances and gates thereon were consumed. The win wUeh. bad -been Wowing from the .Bout west, was canying the fire in tbe direction of -Mr AWwtt's homestead, tmt^t afterwards -veered a point or two, and drove Cue flames In the direction of Mr Milne'* station, commonly -known as. the Quartermatt Estate. Messengers swiftly conveyed the newfc "to that gentleman, and the whole ef the men on the place, to the number of tliont forfy, turned out to avert Hie impoid/ iqg. destruction. Nearest to tbe fire therfe was a fine standing crop-of wheat, one of the best yields which ;had been raised for some seasons, upon whicb no less than twelve reapers and binders had been at work; the machines even then standing on the' crpp ready for use on the following day. Every man most strenuously struggled t< prevent the advance of the conflagration upon this grain, but the beat was intense and too overpowering to allow of any stand being made. The crop ignited, -was destroyed, and the flames spread on every side. Hie men retreated before them, and made for some large paddocks near at hand, where multitudes of sheep were grazing. The fire advanced at a terribly rate, and by the time tlie animals could lie driven out of one paddock the flames were devouring the heritage in their roar. Below the gates from which tlie sheep emerged was another enclosure bounded by a deep creek. "Hie only chance of tbeir regaining safety appeared to be in making them swim for it ltut the poor creatures, hemmed in on the one band liy men, dogs, and a raging fire, while cnt off on the other by a wide brook with steep rofifcy banks, were too utterly overwhelmed with fear to move in any direction; so thcy remained huddled together until all human efforts being unavailable to move them, and the flames approaching with rapidity, tbe men were obliged to ran for their own safety. Then a most piteous noise was heard; the frightened animals, numbering some thou sands, rushing hither and thither avoid the scorching heat of the flames, many of them being trodden under foot and suffocated ; but the blaze flew high, and in a few minutes passed over them, when, strange to -say, the number killed was found to lie comparatively few. Bat the simeSl of roast mutton was overpowering. The damage done to the Sock was considerable, aud a large number of sheep have since died from fright The conflagration then spread to the near neighbourhood of Mr Milne's ti'«uestcad, but mat gentleman had anticipated it. and taken every precaution to prevent ignition. Wet sacks were thrown over the wooden roof, and water was brought into powerful requisition, whilst a strong body -of men laliored hard with boughs of trees to beat out the progressing -flames. N«ft»eeable amongst thisband of salamanders, apparently impervious to fire and smoke, ws* a Jtr Jones, a farmer who owns a neighbouring arable tract of land then in full crop. These people worked with desperation, and ultimately prevented the advance of the fire upon the station itself But during the time be bad thus ably assisted Mr Milne, the conflagration had turned their flank, and proceeded n in another direction, where it seized upon Mr Jones' own unprotected property, and before he was apprised .of tlie fact his bouse was burned to ashes with all it contained, bie crop was consumed, aad a stack of hay containing abont 60 tow. Mr Miller, another farmer occupying land in the vicinity, also suffered much loss. His wheat, which was just ripe, and ready for the machine, being completely consumed. Of 2500 acres of grazing laud owned by Mr Milne, there are only 450 acres of grass left ontouched. When the fire had passed not a vestige was left of the twelve reapers and binders. Very many of his sheep are singed, and with the large number which are now to lie provided for, it will be a matter of great difficulty to supply them with food. All the fences are demolished, and the loss will be disastrous. Mr Christopher Abbott had all his fences destroyed, and lost a large quantity of grass, but he does not suffer to such an extent as the others. The progress of the conflagration, 1 icing eventually stopped by the Avoca road and tlie creek, burnt itself out. 