DISASTROUS BUSH FIRE IN SOUTH HUON. __________ [From our own Correspondent.] Wednesday, the 19th inst., was about the hottest we have had this year, and the inhabitants of South Huon received a visit from that most dreaded enemy -a bush fire-which, during the afternoon and night, reigned supreme, and considerable damage has been the result. The fire at the Dover Valley came from the direction of Surges Bay, and crossed at the township of Walpole to Glenbervie, taking a S.E. course, crossing Messrs. Drysdale's tramway, destroying a considerable portion, and a field of newly cut hay. Another fire was started to clear some land near the township of Dover, and it spread rapidly, destroying fences and fruit trees ; it was with considerable difficulty the inhabitants were able to save their dwellings from the devouring element. At the Narrows, the valley of the Esperance, the fire was most terrific. It commenced at the time the wind changed to the N.W., and blew a hard gale. At noon there was little or no fire to be seen, except a small one at which some bush men had boiled their kettle, which was seen by Messrs. Judd, and Andrewartha, as they came down the tramway of the later, up which they had gone on a visit of inspection. Your correspondent is not a believer in spontaneous combustion in connection with bush fires, but the way in which the fire spread, and the rapidity with which it extended itself north and south almost convinces him to the contrary. The whole valley was one dense volume of black smoke. Mr. Andrew- artha was the first to receive the news that his tramway was on fire. He proceeded with some men to help those already engaged in trying to save the roadway from destruction. After going up some distance they found themselves met by the fire, and at once commenced cutting and tearing up the road to cut off communication, but were beaten back stage by stage, breaking up the road as they retreated. About 3 30 p.m. a message was sent to say the mill; and dwelling-house were on fire. The tramway, was left to its fate. Upon Mr. Andrew- artha's return, he found that the greatest danger was passed, thanks to the energy and willingness of those he left at home to guard the premises. The mill, dwelling-house, chaff-house, and the hay shed, which is fully 200 yards away, and near the banks of the river, had all been alight within fifteen minutes, of each other; but wherever smoke was seen on the buildings it was promptly put out. The foreman at the mill had what might have been a serious accident. In the hurry and excite- ment whilst trying to put out some shingles that were on fire on the roof of the dwelling- house, he slipped, and fell to the ground, but fortunately escaped unhurt. But all the skill and labour would have been of no avail, and the whole esta- blishment must have been swept away, had it not been for the iron roofing over the mill, which, from its position, not only protected the mill itself, but to a certain extent acted as a shield to the other buildings. I have it from an eye-witness that from time to time, when the heavy gusts of wind, which did not blow in one direction for five minutes at a time, came on, it was almost covered with leaves and pieces of bark carrying fire ; the few that dropped down and ignited were at once put out. The course of the fire was on the south side of the river, sweeping directly on for Strathblane, the property of Mr. J. C. Judd, the public school being in direct line. At one time it was thought it would be impossible to save it, but this was done, and it is due to the exertions of Mr. Hutchins, the master, and some men sent to help him, who, although the fire raged on all sides, stuck to their task until 12 p.m., before it could be said all danger to the building was passed. Early in the afternoon Mr. Judd sent to Mr. An- drewartha for assistance, but none could be spared, as several of his men were in the bush, unable to get home, the fire being between them and it. They did not come for some hours afterwards, having then to leave the team of bullocks and horses behind them in the bush; but a messenger was at once sent on horseback to Mr. Chapman for assistance, and he promptly responded to the ap- peal by sending all his available hands. The fire spreading so rapidly, there was only time to pro- tect the homestead, and it was thought the mill must go, the roof being on fire ; but a good supply of water in the troughing (it being a water mill), and willing workers, both male and female, saved it and the dwelling-house, which was also in most imminent danger. Some small buildings in connec- tion with some of the cottages of the workmen on both establishments are destroyed, but they are of small value. The heaviest loss to both proprietors are their tramways, as there will not only be the cost of re-construction, but the stoppage of the machinery until that is done. Both mills being in- sured, the companies who have taken the risk have also been saved from what otherwise would have been a heavy call upon them. I witnessed the great fire of 1854, but except that it was more generally distributed; this one exceeds it for the fierceness and rapidity with which it spread. This afternoon (Thursday) we have had some smart showers of rain, which has materially checked its progress. Had to-day been like yester- day there is no knowing where it would have ended. As it is, news has just come from Southport report- ing great destruction of property, both at Hastings and Mr. Joseph Graves' place, but no particulars are to hand ; sufficient for me to regretfully say that the saw-millers at both places are several hundred pounds worse off than they were a few days ago. 