COUNTRY TELEGRAMS. [From our own Correspondents.] ANGASTON. January 4. A closely-contested rifle match took place here on New Year's Day between the Angaston aud Biverton rifle companies, ten men aside. The Rivertons won by 11 point*. ' ATTBUBN, Januarys. A cricket match was played here to-day between an eleven of the Norwood Olub and an Auburn sixteen, and it resulted in a victory for the visitors with 42 runs to spare. The Bcores were Norwoods 84 runs, Auburn 43. Very pleasant weather was experienced, and there was a large attendance of spectators. FABBELI/S FLAT, January 3. ' Afire broke out on Saturday last in a wheat paddock, the property of Mr. Flannigan. Luckily there was only a slight breeze at the time, and assistance soon being at hand ;the flames were got under after burning about two acres. GLADSTONE, January 1. The Catholics have laid the foundaton-stone of their new church. The ceremony was per formed by Fathers Burns and Murrough. The mass in the institute was largely attended. There was also a large gathering at the cere mony. Over £60 was laid upon the stone . GLADSTONE, January 2. : A fire which has been burning in and around the forest since Tuesday hut, and which at times threatened the destruction of many homesteads, is not spreadiBg to either Laura or Gladstone, and has almost burnt out. A large quantity of timber has been consumed by the flames, and a great loss has been sustained on the Beetaloo run. : GLADSTONE, January 3. To- day was observed as a close holiday. Numbers of persons went to Port Pirie for ex cursion trips on the water. A rifle match was fired here between the Laura and Gladstone riflemen, the home team beating the visitors hy 80 points. The sooreB were:— Gladstone, £90; Laura, S10. Several persons have visited the scene of the fire at Wimbara. GUM FLAT, January 1. On Thursday night last an accident occurred to a fanner named Patrick Fehan, who resides at Eoolywurtie. He had been to Port Riokaby with a waggon load of wheat, and on the return journey, and when within half a mile of home, the horses from some unexplained cause bolted, and he was thrown out. On assistance arriving he was conveyed to Maitlaud, where it was dis covered that one of his arms was broken, but whether he had sustained any internal injury could not be immediately ascertained. ; MAITLAND, January 3. The annual athletic sports took place to-day, and were a success. A man named Samuel Edwards has been fined £3 10s. for resisting the police and on two other charges. ; MALLaXA, January 4. ] The members of the Mallala Literary and Scientific Association held a monster picnic at UlBter Park yesterday. The weather being beautifully fine visitors were numerous, and the various sports were well contested. The Ade laide brass band was in attendance. A concert was held in the evening. MOUNT GAMBIBR, December 31. Destructive bush fires raged in several locali ties in this diBtrict yesterday. One that tra versed Mr. Whinbam's Benara run, and Coola run, the property of Mr. Ellis, destroyed a huge quantity of grass and fencing as well as the Coola woolshed and men's huts and contents. The damage probably amounts to £2,000. A fire on Mount Schanck run burnt thirty thou sand acres of grass and fifteen miles of fencing, and swept the farm of Mr. Wallace, near AUan jdale. Another fire in the district of Gambier Bast swept part of Mrs. Crowe's Mingbool run, and several farms, burning grass and fenoing. The corporation have obtained a loan of £3,000, at 6 per cent., for the new town hall, from Mr. Lansell, of Sandhurst. Fourteen plans were submitted for the £40 premium offered for thebe»tde»ign. Mr. Pritohard,axchitect,--f Mel bourne, is the successful draughtsman. The choice does not give general satisfaction to the ratepayers, and probably it will be reconsidered. PORT GERMEIN, January 3. On Friday morning four cases of drunken ness and disorderly conduct were heard before the Police Court, and in each case the persons charged pleaded guilty, and were fined accord ingly. A. Crittenden was charged under the Bushfires Act with lighting a fire in an open place, contrary to the Above Act, whereby valuable property was endangered. He pleaded guilty, and was fined £2 and costs, 10s. The Mary Jane Anderson, the first vessel direct for Port Germein, arrived yesterday from Western Australia, laden with timber for the jetty. She is to disoharge her cargo at the head of the jetty. Great inconvenience is felt through the Bank of South Australia being so far away from the principal business places, and also the inade quacy of the building for the transaction of business. During hot weather the heat in the bank is almost unbearable. On Thursday last it registered 140° during a part of the day. It is hoped that the directors will endeavor to obtain a more convenient business site. PORT GERMEIN, January 4. The Star of Hope made two trips from Port Pirie, and brought a large number of visitors each time. The port has been visited by a large number of strangers from all parts during the holidays. The Mary Jane Anderson is safely anchored at the head of the jetty, and will discharge her cargo from there. There was not the slightest difficulty in bringing her up. PORT PIRIE, January 3. The foundation-stone of the new Catholic Chapel was laid to-day by the Vicar-General, with the usual ceremony. About £70 was kid on the stone. Nearly 200 persons were present. Fathers Kriesiell and Niebauer assisted. Mass was said in the present chapel ; Father Kriessell celebrated, and an efficient choir under Mr. O'Brien rendered all the appropriate music with good effect. Father Morrough preaohed the sermon. RIVERTON, January 1 A match between the Angaston and Kivec ton rifle companies took place to-day; each company firing at their own targets. The ranges were 200, 400, and 500 yards. The Biverton oompany commenced at 6 o'clock this morning. A strong wind blow ing across the target rendered it dif ficult to make a good score. Seven shotj were fired at eaoh range. The soores of the Biverton team were— Captain Banden 49, Surgeon Hay ward 52, Lieutenants Oastine and Potter, and Private Homer 53, Privates Pelton 52, Holtbouse 50, Gurner and Grotty 41, Watts I 33\. Total, 477. This was the Biverton com- I psny's first matth. SNOWTOWN, December 31. An inquest was held at the Snowtown Hotel hut night to enquire into the origin of the fire which occurred at Mr. Thomas MoKay*s on Deoember 29. The enquiry was conduoted by Mr. H. W. BlaeneU, J.P. Mr. MoKay. his son, and servant, were examined, and the evidence given showed that they went to dinner at a quarter to 12 o'olook. They heard a noise about half -past 12 o'clock, and on going out saw the shed in flames. There was no one about, and they had no suspicion of any one. There was no smoking on the premises. Six fens of hay, four horses, a cart, a buggy and harness, were burnt. The jury returned a verdict that there was no evidence to shew how the fire originated, although they were of the opinion that it was purely accidental. SNOWTOWN, January 3. A man named1 James Thomson, who has been in the employ of Messrs. Maslin & Sons for over twenty years, and has been lost since Saturday night, was found dead this morning in a well about one hundred yards from the hotel at Salt Lake. The man left the hotel at about 11 o'clock on Saturday night. Mr. George Maslin sought for him until late on Sunday night, and commenced to drag the wells this morning. The well he was found in is 45 feet deep, with 15 feet of water. TANTTNDA, January 1. A fire broke out in the plantation of the Tanunda Cemetery this afternoon. It was caused by boys playing with matches. A number of young trees were damaged. An ingenious method for obviating fre quent stoppage of trains at stations, and yet accommodating the passengers from these sta tions, devised by M. Hanrei, is described by Iron. A ' waiting carriage,' comprising a steam-engine with speoial gear, and Bpace for passengers and luggage, is placed on a siding at the station, and picked up by the train as it goes past. The latter, by means of a hook on its last carriage, catches a ring supported on a post, and connected with a cable wound on a drum in the waiting carriage. Thereupon the drum begins to un wind, and in doing so compresses a system of springs, while the carriage is moved at a rate gradually increasing to that of the train. The engine of the carriage then winds in the cable, the train and carriage are connected, p&amngers; are transferred (the carriages being of the American type) from the joined carriage to the train and vice terra, then the two are discon nected, and the engine of the carriage working oh the wheels bringB it back to the station whence it was taken. The Rev. John Wataford has sent the following communications with reference to the Wesleyan missions in New Britain to the Mel bourne Argus :— ' H.M.8. Wolverene.at Sydney, December 22, 1880. Sir— I have much pleasure in forwarding to you the enclosed extract from a letter I have received from Lieutenant De Hogh ton, commanding H.MJ3. Beagle, testifying to the good work done by the missionaries and teachers stationed at Duke of Xork Island and New Britain group ; and I beg particularly my thanks may be conveyed to Messrs. Brown and Danksjfor the'great assistance rendered by them at all tunes to |H.M.'s ships, materially aiding their com manders in carrying out often most delicate and onerous duties. — I am, sir, your obedient ser vant, J. C. Wilson, Commodore. Rev. B. Chapman, general secretary Wesleyan Missionary Society, Sydney.' Extract from a letter received by Commodore Wilson from Lieutenant De Hoghtou, of H.M.S. Beagle, 4th December.1880:— 'On the 19th October.1880. being off Koras, I landed and communicated with Captain Glasson, the white trader there, who pressed Mr. Brown strongly to send a teacher there ; he, I tMnfc^ in common with most traders, deeming a teacher's presence and in fluence with the natives as a great safeguard. And here, sir, it may not be out of place to say a few words with regard to the mission estab lished here. I have spent some time now in this locality, and it is my decided opinion that the mission is doing unmixed good wherever its influence is felt. There are now some twenty nine stations established in New Britain, New Ireland, and the Duke of York group. At all these stations the native teachers (Fijians, Ton gans, and Samoans) can converse freely with tile natives in their own (the native) language, and at all but two stations tile teachers are able to and do preach and conduct divine service in the same language. I have, I believe, seen the whole of the teachers, and, as far as I can judge, they are a most respectable and worthy body of men. I have heard them conduct service and preach to a church-full of natives, who, outwardly cer tainly, listened attentively to what was said, and among their numbers is an old New Britain chief, who is, I believe, a sincere convert to Christianity. These men, living as they do,and associating with the natives, are a constant ex ample to them of a better life than their own. The natives see the clean, well-built, roomy houses of the teacher ; they see he has but one wife, who is treated as his equal, the man doing the hard work and the woman attending to the domestic duties ; they see them leading an industrious; quiet, orderly life, and hi all re specta better than their own ; and they see and know they worship some Being unknown to them. The missionaries rely greatly (and I think rightly) on the example thug shown ; and tbat it has borne fruit is self-evident from one fact alone, namely, that several natives have adopted the ' teachers' style of building houses, and I dent doubt but that this beginning will spread. The teachers have great influence over the natives, and I think the following fact will undeniably prove it. On the recent occasion of the killing of a chief at Keunichigooran by a Frenchman, the Frenchman's house was looted by the natives, and trade valued at £50 was taken and stolen. The teachers immediately, without waiting to oommunicate with the missionaries, went round to all the villages, some .five miles inland, and actually' persuaded the people to restore the* greater part of the trade, they receiving £36 worth, and a few pounds' worth more being brought in afterwards. I have visited many teachera' bouses, and almost invariably find natives sitting in them conversing with the teachers. Finally, I believe that if the requests of the natives themselves to' have teaohers stationed in their villages were complied with, ttiree times the present somber of teachers would be insufficient.' 