THE MOONDARRA SELECTIONS No. II. (FROM A CORRESPONDENT.) I resumed my visit to the selections in Lower Moondarra, on the 15th of Feb., when I was shown round the Tyers Down farm, the property of Mr Jens Pedersen. This selection comprises an area of 316 acres, and was the second taken up in this portion of the district, Mr Pederson hav ing boon in possession since October, 1873. This block is very thickly timbered, but the whole of it has been rung since 1876, and a large quantity cleared for cultiva- tion purposes, 40 acres having been brought under the plough and the re- mainder transformed into pasture land. Mr Pedersen informed me this has not been effected without considerable ex- pense and labour. The stock, both horses and cattle, are in splendid condition, some of the cattle being fit for market. Here is sown the largest block of potatoes in one enclosure (15 acres) that I have seen in this district, up to the time of writing. Notwithstanding the present drought, the crop is looking well. Peas and oats are the only grain that have been cultivated here, and then only a sufficiency for home consumption. The yield was extremely satisfactory. The oats were so heavy that it was found impossible to proceed in the usual way by binding, owing to the den- sity of the crop, which was over seven foot high before it was cut ; and the pea crop, of one acre only, gave a return of 50 bushels, which I believe (if the stand- ing timber on the ground is taken into consideration) has never been surpassed, if equalled, in Gippsland. Since my last visit to Tyers Down, two years ago, there has been a new dairy erected, several enclosures fenced in, and I believe, from what I personally ob- served, every improvement made that was considered necessary. I also saw at work here a novelty in the shape of it potato plough, which I am informed is the first that has been introduced in Moondarra. I was informed by Mr Pedersen that in clean and well cultivated land this plough is all that could be desired as a digger, but in weedy and lumpy land hand labour is preferable. I may here mention that there is no place of public worship either at Upper or or Lower Moondarra, but on Tuesday, Feb. 8th, the Rev. S. Adam- son, of Walhalla, conducted Divine Ser- vice in the large room of Mr Pedersen's homestead, at which I was present, and a number, of neighbours attended, some of them coming from a considerable dis- trace. After the conclusion of the ser- vice, the rev. gentlemen intimated that this would be his last visit to Moondarra, as he was leaving the district, but I have since been informed that as soon as the Upper Moondarra schoolroom is ready for occupation regular services will be held both there and at the Lower Moondarra school. On Wednesday, Feb. 16th, I passed Mr Robert Thomson's selection, south of Phelan's, which has an area of 63 acres. The holder of this lot has only taken up his residence there recently, and conse- quently his improvements are confined to cutting down scrub and potato growing. Adjoining the two latter selections, and fronting the Moe road, is the holding of Mr Thomas Francis, of 138 acres. Mr Francis evidently went the right way to work when taking possession three years ago. The ground is thickly timbered, but the ringing of every tree in the first instance will be a considerable saving in the future. Mr Francis is a young man, and single, but he has by individual in- dustry alone erected a comfortable dwell ing house, rung (or killed) a forest of trees on 138 acres, erected fencing, and raised several small crops of barley and potatoes, a large crop of the latter being now in a forward state. A small holding of 45 acres west of the Tyers Downs selection, which it adjoins, is held by Mr Geo. Reid, who resided here for some time before his lease was granted three years ago. Since first settling on the land he has had five small crops from that portion cleared, in- cluding peas, potatoes, wheat, oats, and barley. There is a good orchard of about an acre, well planted with fruit trees, the peach trees being heavily laden. The selection is fenced in all round, and all the improvements up to the present time have been carried out by Reid himself, working in intervals of employment else- where. Mr Neil Leitch's selection of 157 acres adjoins the last mentioned holding, a considerable portion of which has been cleared and ploughed, and very fair crops of oats and English barley have been raised for home consumption during the last and present harvests, and also potato crops, which are regularly sent to the Walhalla Market. On Friday the 18th, I proceeded to Upper Moondarra. The first selection I came to was Mr Robert Neander's. It covers an area of 319 acres, 37 of which had been cut and cleared for the cultiva- tion of peas, potatoes, and Indian corn. Mr Neander is at present giving his atten- tion almost entirely to pig farming, having a considerable number of porkers running in his grass and clover paddocks. Of course they are intended for market, and so is the greater portion of a late crop of 15 acres of potatoes, but the grain will be kept for home consumption or fattening purposes. Adjoining Neander's is a full half section taken up by Mr James Mel- vin, who has resided here since 1874. He was the first selector on Upper Moondarra, and is generally acknowledged as the pioneer of that portion of the district. A considerable portion of Mr Melvin's time was taken up in pointing out areas to in tending selectors, and although his own selection is generally admitted to he one of the best in the district, the improve- ments cannot be mentioned in anything like comparison with his neighbours. This, however, may be attributed to want of assistance in carrying them out. Hor- rock's selection of 300 acres adjoins Mel- vin's. A portion of it has been rung and cleared, but Mr Horrock's admitted that it will be some years before the scrub is all burnt off. During a residence of six years he has made very fair improvements by cultivation, although the farm is princi- pally a grazing one, butter being the staple for marketable produce. The home stead is very picturesquely situated, not being more than a couple of miles from the foot of Baw Baw, commanding a clear and extensive view of that celebrated Gippsland mountain. As both the next selectors (Mesrs Lehman and Spitts) were away from home, I rode on to the dairy farm of Mr Geo. Rawson, compris- ing 200 acres. This holding (as far as circumstances will admit) is farmed in the old English style, and great credit is due to the enterprising proprietor for the pro- gress he has made during a residence of five years only. Nearly one half of the land is laid down with English grass and clover, the richness of which has already proved sufficient to keep up a full supply of milk for the Wallalla market during the present trying season. That the selections in the Moondarra district have conferred a benefit on the surrounding mining population may be instanced from the fact that only two years ago milk was one shilling pert quart at Walhalla, and Mr Rawson now delivers the article daily at fourpence. The home stead, barns, milking sheds, stables, and outhouses are complete, and the paddocks the best grassed I have seen about here. To give an idea of the heavy nature of the timber, I saw a real giant of the forest which had fallen not 50 yards front the homestead, and which measured in cir- cumference, at the butt, over 77 feet. Mrs Rawson informed me that Mr Scanlon, of Sale, measured this monster (when stand ing), on his visit here with a survey party some time ago. I did not visit any of the farms nearer to the Baw Baw, but was in- formed that hay growing is principally carried on by Mr Jones, Mr Rawson's neighbour; and as Mr Wm. Parker, who has a large and valuable selection, was not at home, I determined to defer the fur- ther prosecution of my visit to another time, if possible, before the harvest com- mences. In conclusion, I may say from what I have seen during my holiday trip, farming in the Moondarra district is far from be- ing "all skittles and beer." In the first place, and almost in every instance, dense scrub has to be contended with by being cut and afterwards burnt, and this is almost impossible in a wet season, conse- quently the selector has to wait for a favourable opportunity, where fencing has to be erected by employed labour. A heavy pull is at once made on the proba- bly small capital of a new settler. Bush fires are of annual occurrence, and it is, I am credibly informed, no exaggeration to say that wallaby are almost as destructive to the crops in Moondarra as rabbits are in the western district. There are no less than 40 selectors in Moondarra, and nearly all of them mainly dependant on cultiva- tion. Perhaps the gravest consideration has not occurred to many of them as to where the produce of their selections is to be disposed of, while waiting for a tram- way to the Moe, or until cheap carriage rates prevail to Walhalla, the only mar- ket to be depended on. Upper and Lower Moondlrra are settled upon by one of the most industrious communities it has been my lot to met with, their homesteads being usually substantial, and the ex- tent of ground under cultivation far in advance of other selections in Gippsland taken up before or at the same time. Their hospitality is homely and genuine, and I feel assured it would as be as readily ex- tended to a stranger looking for a selec- tion as to a tourist merely on a pleasure bent. 