A SQUATTER'S HARDSHIPS. Tho writer of " Corncrisms " in tho Ballarat Courier says :-It is a truo say ing that " ono half tlio world docs not know how tho other half lives," and this is certainly proved by the notions they have of us in England. If thero is anything in a name, a journal entitling itself Truth ought not to give us an idea of the raciest fiction ; and yet I, for one, was highly entertained lately in reading an article in that paper on tho subject of Sir Samuel Wilson taking up his abode at Disraeli's late mansion of Hughenden. The writer, in a serious vein, draws a parallel between tho great orator, author, and statesman, and tho wealthy squatter who camo to this countiy when other members of his family had made a firm footing in it, and tries to prove how proud tho statesman would have been to have the squatter for his successor. I fancy the article was written after dinner at Hughenden by some young gentleman deeply versed in pastorals, who took his ideas of Australia from Charley Lamb's " Letter to a distant correspondent." To the minds of adventurous and imaginative English youths the life of a Victorian squatter, accordingto this article, must havo a singular charm, littlo short of that of Robinson Crusoe ; but to us who live on the spot, and who are more familiar with tho hardship of tho squatter's life at St. Kitda or tho Melbourne Club, as well as tho privations endured in tho dreary soli tude of Ercildoune, fighting the blacks, and tho still movo bloodthirsty bush rangers, to say nothing of tho dingoes and bushfires-wo can read tho account with out a shudder. " Familiarity breeds con tempt," and knowing tho whole truth, we do not drop a tear when we read thatt; tho squatter has wilfully cut himself off from most of tho comforts and refinements of life ; and tlicro must bo times when failure almost breaks his heart, and tempts him sorely to return to tho old country with such littlo money as ho can muster," etc., etc. As suredly there havo been times when the heart-broken squatter has failed to ac quire still greater fortune, and that was when Liberalism insisted on settling men instead of sheep on the land ; but, when the squatters were breaking tlioir hearts, the selectors were in great glee at the chance of making homesteads, and mak ing this tho country it is by tho aid of the miner and tho mechanic. Sir Samuel Wilson lias not much to break his heart over-"His lines have fallen in pleasant places "-for, by taking advantage of the land laws of tho period, ho has managed to make himself tho largest landowner in Victoria ; and if ho choses to p;iy an in come tax in England on the princely for tune derived from Victoria, and which ho leaves hero free of all tax, ho need not bo heart-broken about that either. All things considered, Victoria has done him moro good than lie has dono Victoria. Ho can feel easy enough in England, for ho knows that those now at tho head of affairs will look after his interest out hero in Victoria ; and, if his ambition leads him that way again, he may bo yet able, Iiko Dr. Pangloss, to sccuro " the privilege of adding to his name a title." 