ALIENATION OF STATE FORESTS. A w attempts to curtail the areas of our state forests should be strongly and firmly resisted. Several have been made at various times, and in the case of the Egerton and Kamarooka Forest much trouble has been given. A deputation waited upon the Minister of Lands on Wednesday to protest against a large quantity of land believed to belong to the Bullarook State Forest being thrown open for selection. Mr. Richard son however, informed them that, the land had been taken out of the forest in 18v i, and it was now being made available for selection, as it liad been denuded o£ timber by saw-mill proprietors. He added that he did not intend to let any timbered land go. Although perhaps, we may bo placed at some disadvantage in not being conversant with the whole merits of tho case, we may very confidently undertake to condemn the Ministerial procedure in this matter. The intention of the Government and the Legis lature in originally setting apart certain lands for the purposes of State forests was not only the conservancy of the growing and indigenous timber, but the reproduction of the forests as they are cut down for the use of the public. If one portion after another, as they become denuded of trees, are to be thrown open for selection or sale the utter extinction of the State forests must be a mere matter of time. Every possible care should be taken to guard against the great and irreparable loss that would thus be entailed upon the country. We do not think that a more important or imperative duty devolves upon a Minister of Lands than that of the preservation of the forests. It should be his earnest endeavor to replant those parts of them which arc gradually laid bare ; but if ho should not be ablo to see his way to do this, he should jealously protect them from alienation or encroachment of any kind, with the view to their being so utilised at som.e future time. A Minister of Lands intent upon serving the interests of the country rather than those of a few clamo rous earth- hungerers, whom there are per sons suspicious enough to believe to be con stituents and supporters of liis own, would adopt every means in his power to conserve these invaluable tracts. If a previous Go vernment had, through short-sightedness or political pressure, been led into tho unwise act of excising some portion of a forest which, however, had not beep alienated, his proper course would be, in spite ofu.ll opposition orso licitation,to restore it toits legitimate purposes. The deputation, therefore, from Daylesford, Creswick, and Kingston which waited on Mi'. Richardson did no more than they had a right, and was in fact their duty as citizens to do, in requesting that the land in ques tion should not be thrown open for selection. Bui as Mr. Richardson looked lit t from a different point of view from theUVB, the alienation of the land is to be proceeded with, a step which we unhesitatingly declare 'to be open to condemnation. CABLEGRAMS.-After a sittiug which extended over forty hours, the first reading of the Irish Coercion Bill has been agreed to in the House of Commons. Our cable message states that the debate, which was commenced on Monday afternoon, was stopped by the Speaker at ten o'clock ou Wednesday morning. Wo &re; not informed as to whether the action of the Speaker was based upon a resolution of the HOUPO but it is'.clear that the course he adopted met the views ot' a large majority of the members, When the debate was stopped a scene of great disorder ensued, hut the Speaker j received support from uil parts of the House, and the Home Rulers, finding themselves jn a hopeless minority, left tho Chamber in a body. The measure was then read a first time, and the House adjourned, but only for an hour or two, the Government being determined to pro ceed with the second reading without delay. Mr. Gladstone has giyen notice of a motion, the object of which is to prevent systematic ob struction of the kind which has lately been ex perienced in the House of Commons, ~ THE EXCURSIONS TO THE EXHIBITION-.-Three trains arc to convey the excursionists to the Melbourne Exhibition on Tuesday next. The hours of departure have been fixed at 6, 6.15, and 6.30 a.m., and the> will leave Melbourne to return at 5.5, 5.lo, and D.30, p.m, On Wed nesday morning only one train will run, leaving Sandhurst at 6 a.m., and returning at 5.5 p.m. The tickets which will be issued on tho Tuesday and on the Wednesday will be available, however, for eight days, till tho _ 14th and 15th inst. respectively. The special trains will pick up passengers at Kangaroo Flat and Harcourt on both days if required. On Wednesday morning a special train will leave Eaglehawk for Melbourne at 6.30 a.m., returning at 5.15 p.m. to Sandhurst. Tho tickets taken for this train will be available till the I5th instant. In answer to a communication re ceived by the Education Department from Mr. W. A. J. Wenhp.m, correspondent for the Sand hurst Board of Advice, Mr. Wenborn has re ceived a reply to the elfect that the yth, 9th and ; 10th instant may be taken as holidays by the schools in the Sandhurst district, to enable the children to visit the Exhibition. Mr. Wenborn has also communioated with the Railway De partment with regard to tho fares to be charged asking that the half fares may he conceded to all school children under tho age of fifteen years. To prevent greatcrushingatthebookingwindows forticketsouthe morning'sof thesedays Mr. Wil liams, the acting stationmaster, has decided to issue both adults and children's tickets on Mon day between 3 p.m. and 6 p.m. to those who intend travelling by these trains on Tuesday (only), and on Tuesday between 3 p.m. and 6 p m. to those who intend travelling by these trains on Wednesday. Of course tickets will be issued on the mornings of Tuesday and Wednes day available for the journey to Melbourne only on the day of issue. BUSH FIIIES.--About noon on Wednesday a grass paddock, the property of Mr. T. Malone, of Leichardt, was discovered to be on fire. The flames quickly communicated with the ad- joining paddock, owned bv Mr. Steele, con- suming grass and fences in its course. Efforts were here made by a number of persons to check only fairly successful, as the fire quickly attached itself to a stripped paddock owned by Mr. Fletcher, which was quickly consumed. It then spread into the paddock of Mr. White, who set about removing his bagged wheat, and the conflagration having by this time assumed large proportions, Mr. White carried all his furniture and other moveable articles from his residence on to the main road for safety. A number of harvest men, who were engaged at a threshing machiue on the farm of Mr. Fletcher, at this stage, knocked off work, and all turned out to assist in putting out the fire, which was causing great alarm in the minds of the sur- rounding farmers. After working up till six o'clock in the evening the fire was got under, after strenuous exertions on the parts of the men, who were led by Mr. Steele, who had refreshments supplied to them at his own expense. The fire was still burning during yes- terday, but all danger of its spreading further is over, although persons are told off to watch the burning portions, which comprise some dead timber. The damage done by the fire is fortu- nately confined to the destruction of grass and fences, although some standing crops and others harvested were at one time in immediate danger. The origin of the fire, which was one of the largest that ever occurred in the district, was traced to the carelessness of a swagman who had lit a camp fire in Mr. T. Malone's paddock to cook his meal, and proceeded on his journey without having properly extinguished it. During the same afternoon another fire broke out on the farm of Mr. Hackett, at Derby, but it was con- fined to a limited space, although some fencing and grass were consumed before it was extin- guished. DISPUTED WILL.-Our Melbourne corre spondent, writing yesterday, says :-Reference was made iu the Equity Court to-day to the will of Mrs. Bedelia Lausell, wife of Mr. Georce Lansell. This lady, who died in September of last year, bequeathed her own personal property, valued at £5,431, to her sister, and the latter's children, and a Mrs. Windows lodged a caveat against the granting of probate. The application this morning was for a rule calling upon Mrs. Windows to show cause why probate should not be granted to Mr. Carter, the executor. Mr. Lansell con sented to the application, and Mr. Justice Moleaworth granted the rule nisi as asked, mak ing it returnable on this day fortnight. \VATJ:R FOP. MYERS FLAT.-The residents of Myers Flat are to receive the co-operation aud i support of the Marong Shire Council in their efforts to induce the Government to establish a system of water supply iu the locality. At yesterday's meeting of the council a letter was read from Mr. T. J. Dellar, enclosing oopies of the resolutions passed at the recent meeting I held at.j the Loggerhead's Hotel, Myers Flat. The letter was received, aud, ou the motion of t'r. Burke, it was decided to gran! the hearty support and co-operation of the council with the j movement. It was further resolved that the j deputation from the council which is shortly to wait ou the Chief Secretary iu reference to the Government endowment should urge the matter upon the attention of the Minister cf Mines aud Water Supply. A PITIFUL CASE.-The case o£ the woman Annie Maria Henwood who was brought before the City Police Court yesterday charged with vagrancy, and whose children were charged as being neglected, is certainly a most pitiful one. It appears that the unfortunate woman's hus band died some years ago, and she subsequently became an habitual drunkard. She has latterly been residing with her three children who have been dreadfully neglected, in a house in Honey suckle-street, but owing to the complaints of the neighbors, the police were obliged to sum mons her for having no lawful visible means of support, aud her children as being neglected. The woman was yesterday sentenced to three months' imprisonment, aud the children whose ages respecti rely are thirteen, nine, andsixyears. were committed to the Industrial Schools till they reach the age of sixteen years. LOST AND FOUND.-A youngster named Henry M'Dowall, four years of age, was taken to line's School yesterday morning by his mother. As he did not return home at the usual hour in the afternoon, inquiries were made at the school, aud it was ascertained lie had left when the scholars were dismissed. The parents, becom ing anxious concerning the child's whereabouts, reported the matter to the police. About nine o'clock iu the evening he was found wander ing about Long Gully, aud restored to his parents. CITY POLICE COURT.- At the City Police Court yesterday, before Messrs. Ross and Har- court, Js.P., a woman named Anne Maria Hen- wood was charged with being an idle aud dis orderly person, having no visible lawful means of support. She had been summoned the pre vious day, but had disobeyed the summons. Several witnesses gave evidence of tha woman being a great drunkard, and totally unable to take care of lit'" children. She was sentenced to three months' imprisonment. Three children of the above mentioned, named respectively Henry, Elizabeth, and Annie Maria Henwood, whose ages were 13, 9, and 0, were charged with being neglected children. They were each sent to the Iudustrial School till they reached the age of 10 years. Samuel Hornsby, charged on remand with vagrancy, was discharged. Iu two cases of unlawful assault and obscene lan guage, there was no appearance. In a debt case service was extended for a week. Ou Wednes day, the Mayor and Mr. R. B. Anderson, J.P., presided. Three persons were dealt within the usual way for being drunk aud disorderly, aud one of them, George Cook, for using indecent language, was fined 20s. Patrick Flaucy, for simple larceny, was remanded to Saturday next. In a debt case, II. Smith v. N. Hough, goods, £2 15s Sd, au order was given for the amount with 2s Gd costs. Another debt case was ad journed. HUNTLY POLICE COURT.-Mr. G. Webster, P.M., presided at this court yesterday, Otto Kunstell was oharged by the police with selling colonial wiue without a license ou the lGtii ultimo. Mr. Wrixon appeared for the defeu dant. John Mahoney, living at Huntly, deposed that on Sunday, lGtii January, ho went iu com pany with three or four other young men to de fendant's vineyard. They bought aud paid for three bottles of colonial wine. The wiue was supplied by the defendant's son. Witness did not see defendant about the place at the time. Mr. Wrixon submitted that the case would have to bo dismissed, as the defendant coqld not be held responsible for the illegal acts of his son. The bench was of the same opinion, and dis missed the case, at the same time cautioning the defendant to be more careful in future, John Aldridge charged Michael Seymour, junr., with unlawful assault. There was no appearance of the defendant, the summonses not having been served. A ^a"rant waa 0fdered to be issued. James Timewell was lped -lOs., with 25s. coats, for using abusive language towards W. H. Tregallis on 25th January. Mr. Wrixon ap peared for the plaintiff. The court then ad journed. EXTENSION OF THE WATER SCHEME.-A letter was yesterday received by Mr. J, Quick, j M.L.A., from the lion, the Minister of Mines, stating that on Wednesday next he intended to visit aud inspect the proposed extension of the race for sluicing purposes from Sparrowhawk to Eaglehawk, with a view to giving effect to a previous decision to carry out the work as soon as possible; also intimating that at Mr. Quick's request the extension of reticulation pipes in tho following streets had been authorised and was already partly executed, viz. :-Breen street, Charcoal Ciuliy, chains; Sandhurst rD$d, JO chains; Sparrowj/awk Gully, couth side at St. Just Point, 17 chains; Young-street, Long Gully, 10 chains, Mr. Quick a\sa received a letter from the Secretary tor Jliues describing the progress of pipe-laying iu various streets, brought uuder the attention of the Department. Arnold-street, from M'Crae to Bridge streets, was outlayed to be reticulated some time since, but hwl been delayed until a supply of 4-inch pipes was received, Instruction had been aiii6 given to lay the' pipes in (3Id Violet-street, Monument BUI, from Rowan to IJ'JSenzio streets, along the Bendigo Creek from Short to Wattle streets, Backhaua-atreefc, Lower Long Gully, near cemetery, waa ordered soma weeks ago, and was now partly, if not wholly exe cuted. Harney.-street had been recently ap proved, but had not been carried out up to the date of the last progress report received from the 16'cv.l inspector, As regards the proposed extension of pipes from the cemetery along St, Kiliau's-street, Mr. JSlsdon had been asked to report on the matter. Major Gouchman con cludes "As large nmufcers of pipes bayo lately been sent to Sandhurst, it cannot be long before these extensions are completed. I havo asked Mr. Elsdon to inforir. me at once when he will be able to do them." WHAT DOES TIJAT MEAN.-In the case of Tregallia v. Timewell, heard at the Huntly Police Court yesterdo.y, before Mr. Webster, P.M., the defendant, who was oharged with using abusive language, alleged as an excuse, that "I were tight, your, worship, at the time." ' " What does that mean?" asked Mr. Webster. "Well, your worship, I were tight, and never had no row with anybody, ex cept iu a neighbourly way, since I camo out in the Red Jacket in 1853." " But what do you mean by saying you wore ' tight?' " again asked the bench; while a titter ran round tho court. The defendant looked up in surpriso at the ignorance of the worthy P.M., sg he replied, " Prunk, your worship." " Oh, it moans 'drunk,' does it? Then, you are fined iOs, and 25s costs. Jf you never had any quarrels with your neighbours till now, I must'say from your cOnduot to-day that I think yoijr neighbours are to be thanked for that, and not you." Bcsit FIEE AT MARONG.-A very extensive bush-fire has been raging in tho neighborhood of the Marong township during tho past few days. A large amount of fencing has been destroyed, and several homesteads have narrowly escapcd. It originated in a paddoek on Wednesday, be tween 12 and 1 o'clock, and was caused by some woodsplittera who had been cooking their dinner, but let the fire cet beyond control. The . thrnnorh paddocka of Messrs. Malone, Steel, Fletcher aud White, consuming all the fencing that was en countered. The fire approached to within a very short distance of Mr. Fletcher's residence, and it was with difficulty prevented from spreading over Mr. M'Lay's property. If its headway had not been checked the devastation would have been very great indeed. Up to yesterday afternoon the iire was still smoulder ing. , , THE WEATHER.-The weather yesterday was ?Viain pretty warm, but a pleasant southerly breeze prevailed in the afternoon. At night the sky became overcast, and at about eight o clock a few drops of rain fell. At the time of writing there were strong indications of rain, and there had been a very slight fall. The wind was blowing tolerably strong from the south. We learn that several smart showers fell at different places along the line. The thermometer a Messrs. Joseph and Co's., Pall Mail, was as follows :-9 a.m., 73°; 12 a.m., S2°; 3 p.m., o-^, 6 p.m., 71°; maximum, 91°; minimum, Go . Barometer-9 a.m., 20°51Q; C pan., 29'4S0. DR. POLAND.-The Maryborough Standard of Tuesday contained the following paragraph: -"Our readers will be surprised and also regret to learn that the health of Dr. Poland is such that his medical adviser, Dr. Fitzgerald, of Jlel bonrne, has ordered cessation from active "'or'5 and a residence by the seaside. Dr. Poland was in Maryborough on Saturday to arrange for an absence of a few weeks, when he hopes to return to his duties reinvigorated. He has appointed Dr. Jackson his locum teiieim, who will attend to Dr. Poland's private aud lodge practice during his absence. Dr. Poland re turned to St. Kilda, where he is at present stay ing." In yesterday's issue of the same journal the following singular paragraph appeared : " With respect to the remarks in our last issue, in reference to Dr. Poland, the information was supplied to us by Dr. Jackson. From inquiries which we have since made, we learn that it is very probable that Dr. Poland has left for Eng land/' STRIKING A RATE.-At yesterday's meeting of the Maroug Council a rate of one shilling in the pound was struck upon all rateable property within the shire. INTESTATE ESTATES.-The curator of intestate estates has obtained rules to administer the es tates of the following : - Alexander Menzies, Saudhurst, died December 12, £S22 ; William Midgley, Eaglehawk, died December 31, £10,030 lis ; George Swan, Alexandra, £232 ; John Morris, Melbourne, £15 ; Catherine Long, Melbourne, £51 Is 2d ; Sarah Meally, Boroon dara, £102 17s Gd ; Kenny, Learmonth, £1,117 13a lid; James Findlay, Northcote, £17; James M'Cartney Logan, St. Oermains, £G57 Is 3d ; Antonie Mousse, Beechworth, £3,401 10s. Also of the following deceased persons, with the wills annexed : - Herman Henry Tribe, Chatham, England (with will and codicil annexed), £491; Harriet Paine, Prahrau, £44 -la 9d. ACCIDENT.-A man, while attending to a stripuing machine yesterday, had his hand slightly injured through it getting caught in part of the machinery. He was admitted to the hospital, and his injuries attended to. COUNTY COURT.-The County Court will be opeued this morning at ten o'clock by his Honor Judge Trench. The list of cases set down for hearing is not a lengthy one, and none of the I cases are of any great importance. Mr. Casey, who is engaged in connection with several of the cases, arrived in Saudhurst yesterday. THE FUNERAL OF CHARLES PORTER.-The funeral of Charles Porter, who died from the effects of the injuries he received in the New Chum, explosion, took place yesterday, and was largely attended by the deceased's friends. The officers and brothers of the Court Pride of the Forest A.O.F,, of which order the deceased was a member, were present and joined in the pro cession. POPULAR CONCERTS.-The second series of six popular coucerts by Monaghan's Baud will commence on Thursday next, 10th instant, in the Masonic Hall. The prices of season tickets are as follows:-Single, 5s.; double, 7s. Gd.; and family, 12s. Gd. Tickets may be purchased at Evans' music warehouse or from Mr. J. M'Mahon. As the first series were so enjoyable and deservedly well patronised, this second series should also be equally, if not more successful. ] WTF. have received a letter from the hon. sec retary of Middleton's Brass- Band, expressing regret on behalf of the members that through an oversight on Wednesday eveniug, the band con tinued playing iu the reserve when the volunteer band was marching past, and thus caused a clash. Mr. Macdonald, the secretary of Middle ton's Band, expresses regret at this collision of harmony, aud promises that it shall not occur again. The explanation is worthy of publica tion because it displays a very proper feeling of feelf ng of courtesy and friendliness between the two bands. EXTRICATED FROM A PERILOUS POSITION.- | The Echuca correspondent of the ?Daily Tele graph says that Cornelius Galvin who was | burried alive in a well at Pericoota, has at last been extricated. After sinking two new shafts, and driving 9 feet, the unfortunate man was : released on Thursday afternoon, after being in his perilous position five days, and, wonderful to relate, without receiving any injury, further than that caused by the anxiety and excitement of the position. No serious results are antici pated. Over 150 persons were engaged in the work of releasipg Galvin, who, throughout his terrible position, bore himself with great for I titudo. GERMAN.-In compliance with several re quests, the Rev. Mr. Leypoldt has consented to ] impart instruction to a few pupils in the German language, and will be agreeable to teach the i more advanced branches to students who wish to matriculate, or to those who may be desirous of thoroughly completing their knowledge of the lauguage. The Rev. Mr. Leypoldt, both by natural education, his training, and his expe- j rieuce, is peculiarly fitted to impart a thorough knowledge of the language. For the recent matriculation examination he had eleven pupils under his guidance, eight of whom passed, aud one with honors. Two o! these pupils had only ten months' instruction, and passed well, though previous to commencing .their course of studies they knew little or nothing of the subject. SALE AT ELMORE.-To-day, the monthly fair day at Elmore, at 12 o'clock at the Commercial Hotel, Messrs. L. Macpherson and Co., are announced to sell by public auction several. first-class town and farm properties. A SAFETY. CAGE TESTED,-The safety cage patented by Mr. Allan, of the Creswick road, was (says the Star) subjected to a severe test in the shaft of the Lake NVendouree Company on Tuesday night. The cage, laden with a track ful of dirt, was being raised, and had got to within 100 feet of the surface, when the rope broke, and 150 feet of it went down the shaft, falling upon the cage. No sooner had the cage heen released from the rope than it gripped the skids, remaining iu the shaft perfectly safe, despite the jicavy weight upon it. An inspection made by Mr. Box, mining manager, and Mr. R. Allan, the patentee, revealed that the. grippers had clutched at once, and had not slipped after the skids were once seized; nor had the weight of the rope-which was a 3i inch by § inch flat wire-forced it down. THE HON. W. J. CLARKE, M.L.C., some time ago sent, through the Japanese Consul (Mr A. Marks), a thoroughbred horse as a present to the Emperor of JapaD, and has received the fol lowing telegram in reply:-"Tokio. W. J. Clarke, President of the International Exhibi tion, Melbourne.-The thoroughbred horse of hi"h pedigree, which you wished to offer to his Majesty the Emperor, arrived safely and in ex cellent condition, and was immediately pre sented to his Majesty, who was highly pleased with him. J am commanded by his Majesty to convey to you the Imperial expression of thanks for the same.- ToEtnuiJl, Miuister to his Im perial Majesty's Household." Mrs. Clarke Magee, by an advertisement in another celumn, conveys her thanks to those who assisted her in extinguishing the fire on her pre mises on Wednesday evening. Notice io given in another column of the rate of Is in the £, which v/aa struck at the last ordinary meeting of phe shire ftf Marong, and that the book of tho rale lies q,t the office"'of Sir. Marrack, Kangaroo Flat. 