VICTORIA. Melboc&-~e, Jannarv 27. Six fresh cases of small-pox are reported on board the B.M.S. Mirzapore. The patients will be taken from the steamer, and placed in quarantine. The agents wish ? to disembark all the passengers and let the vessel proceed to Sydney, bat the Government ordered the the whole of the Garome's passengers are cleared from quarantine. rhe K.M.S. Mirzapore will not go on to Sydney owing to the delay in quarantine All the patients are progressing wel1 except a child who is very DL The passengers londly complain of their treatment at the quarantine station. Atkinson, mining agent at Ballarst, and defalcator to the extent of £2000, has com Geeloxg Races. The Geelong races commenced on Thursday. Trial Stakes of £50, with sweep of £3 added. For all ages. One mile. Weight for see. Mr. D. Macpherson's b.c Santa Clans, 3 years ? 1 Mr. Knight's b.c. Mistake, 2 years ... 2 Mr.. ? Sunshade ? 3 The Geelong Gold Cup of £200, with a sweep of £10 each, and a gold cup, value 100 guineas, added. Second horse to receive £23, and the third horse to save bis stake. Two miles. Mr. E. De Mestre'e eh.h. Guinea, 4 years, 7et6Ios ? ... I Mr. Cowell's br.h. Ween, 4 years, 6st. ... 2 Mr, EL Phillips' b.c. Commotion, 3 years, 7 at II lbs. ..: ... ... ... 3 There were ten starters, Guinea winning by two lengths. Time. 3 mins. 46 sees. MELBocnyE. Jannary 29. The ship Earynome which left Geelong, on May 19, with a cargo of wheat for London, is supposed to have been destroyed by spon taneous combustion. At the Geelong races on Thursday, the police seized a totalizator leased by Mr. Frank, and arrested nineteen persons within the enclosure. The conduct of the police is greatly condemned. An indignation meeting was held at Geelong the same niphtu Melbourne, January 30. There were several destructive bush fires in the country around here yesterday. The Garonne's third-class passengers were released from quarantine on Saturday. At the Geelong races, on the second day, the Geelong Handicap was won by Conrteosy; Wellington 2, and Napper Tandy 3. The following is the final selection, (in cluding emergencies) of the Melbourne repie rentatives to play in the forthcoming intercolonial cricket match : — BUckhun, Baker, Bonner, Boyle, Cooper, Coulthard, Eg wards, Horan, M'Donnell, Moule, M 'Shane, Palmer, and Turner. There was a disastrous bushfire at Laneefield on Sunday. The dividing range for a distance of twenty miles was enveloped in flames, which spread with amazing rapidity, destroying homesteads, fencing, crops, and sbeep. Several fanners were entirely ruined, and many narrowly escaped with their lives. The inhabitants of Laneefield remained in the streets all night watching the progress of the fire. Meuiocexe, Jannary 31. Disastrous bosh tires have occurred in all parts of the country, and the loss of tfae farmers in the Kyneton, Daylesford, and One of the nurses at the Quarantine Station has been attacked with small-pox. The Russian Squadron have all arrived in Hobson'e Bay, and the Admiral landed officially to-day. ILeleocrne, February 1. The Government intend to send home for an officer on active service to succeed the late Colonel Anderson as commander of the rolun- * teer forces. The EL M.S. Mirzapore, will be detained in quarantine for fourteen dayB, and probably another steamer will be chartered to convey the oat ward mails. Mr. Robert Murray Smith, M.L.A., for Boroondard, has accepted the AgentGeneral ship of the colony. When the remains of the late hon. P. Higgina M.L.C., arrived at the station yester day there was a very large assemblage of bis old Victorian friends, and the cortege to the cemetery was very lottp. It was met at the cates by the principal Eonum Catholic iligna tories. The remains were deposited in the family vault. Messrs. Clark and Co., as agents, have pro jected, in conjunction with Sydney and 3rishane firms, n. company to take over the business of PerkioB and Co., Brewers, Queens* land, and hare receired applications for 42,500 shares. Mr. Murray Smith takes the Agent Generalship during the floating of the new loan for the redemption of the old debentures. He goes home on the understanding that be will resign so soon as he has completed the financial operations. The first steamer of tbe Messageries Mari time Company, the new French line, is ex pected to arrive here in November next. Melbouexe, Februarys. The Commercial Bank of Australia has declared a dividend of S per cent per annnm. Mr. Roddeas1 dwelling house and boarding school at Benilla have been destroyed by fire. The damage sostained is estimated at £1000. The free nse of the graving dock has been offered to the Russian Admiral for the pnrpaee of overhauling and repairing the vessels of his fleet. The E.B. Garonne's passengers will probably receive pratique on Saturday. Best bullocks, £10 to £11 10s.; sheep. Gd. over last quotations : best merinoes 10s. to Us. Mr. Murray Smith's temporary acceptance of the Agent Generalship has given general satisfaction. The hon. J. Francis, fcLL-A_ it ill probably be recognised as the leader ol the Constitutional party. Mr. I^ogton and others are announced as candidates for the vacant seat of Booroondara. 