INTERCOLONIAL TELEGRAMS^ NEW SOUTH WALES. (FBOM OUR OWN OOSBSSPOKOEHT.) SYDNEY, Thursday Much unanimity ia being displayed with regard to the candidature of Sir John Robert- son for Mudgee, the leaders of both political parties acting together in the candidate's in tereat. It is almost certain that ho will be returned without opposition. It is stated that Hill View, Sutton Forest, the property of Mr. R. P. Richardson, has juBt been purchased- by tho Government as a country residence for His Excellency the Go- vernor. The property consists of a dwelling house and about 123 acres of land within an easy distance of Mossvale Railway Station. The price given was £G,000. ' The Earl and Countess of Belmore formerly rented Throsby park, near Mossvale, in the same locality, as a summer residence, on account of the ad- vantages of the climate, and the other attrac- tions which the neighbourhood offers. At a meeting of the Executive Council this morning, the names of the gentlemen ap- pointed as stipendiary magistrates for the city of Sydney were approved of, and they will probably be gazetted to-morrow. Mr. Dillon is to be the senior magiatrate. The names of the others are Meaars. James Buchanan, G. O'Malley, H. Clarke, J. M. Marah, G. W. F. Addison, and W. Crane. The stipendary magistrates for the metro- politan licensing district, and the mayor of Sydney (Mr. John Harris), have been ap- pointed the Licensing Court for the district. To-morrow a proclamation will be published, defining the metropolitan licensing dis- trict. Considerable dissatisfaction is expressed i in racing circles with some of the running on Monday at Randwick. The weather baa been oppressively warm all day, and towards evening a southerly burster came np with a heavy duststorm, but no rain fell. A great fire occurred in Hannah Dee Btreet Invercargill, last night, a large amount of property being destroyed. The total loss ia estimated at £23,000; the property waa in- sured for £8,200. A disastrous fire occurred to-night at the farm of Mrs. Mary Evans, Emu Plains, Penrith, Two of the barns, the stables, the outhousess, some valuable machinery, and a large quantity of hay and other produce were destroyed. The homestead was saved with great difficulty. The fire is supposed to have been caused by a flying spark from a bushfire in the neighbourhood. The loss is estimated at £1,000. The latest reports at midnight state that the fire is still burning, and that some other buildings are threatened. The barque Manhegan waa burning at New- castle for nine hours. The officors refused to allow her to be cut adrift from the wharf until the harbourmaster arrived. He gave peremptory orders for. her to be towed into deep water and scuttled, but this waa pre- vented by her running on a sand bank. The mate denies the truth of the statement that he detected a man in the lazaretto and fired at him. The barque was towed off tbe bank to-day and moored alongside the Bollock Island jetty. No clue has been discovered to the origin of the fire. The damage to the vessel ia estimated at upwards of £1,000. Arrived.-Minnie, from Cleveland Bay. Sailed.-Balaclava, s.a., for San Francisco ; Leichhardt, s.a., for Brisbane, to call off Port Macquarie. 