THE MAITLANDS, Bt Frank Moblky, "Well, good byo,o)d fellow. I wish Icould go with you. I near tho xaipo aro vary thick, up at llargooma, don't forget to send mo, down a few brace if you havo any luck," -a wuu» lorguv, nam victor ucvuon so. his friend Inspector Smith, of tho Detective force who baa accompanied him as far as tho Bpcnccr-xtrcct Station. "And, I say, old boy," continued the dctectivo, who looked more liko a doctor or a lawyer, than a mem' bcr of the force," don't be making love to tbo pretty girl In tho next carriage who, I acci dentally hoard, is bound for tho same hospit. ' able houso as yourself." "No fear of that" said Ianlson with a' smile ; " you know I am a confirmed woman hater." "I know you say ao; but methinks you da protest too much sometimes." "I never was more in earnest; and. if U was not that I bad promised my old friend Campbell to pay him a visit, I should feel half inclined to poxtpono my boHday until I was euro that tho coast wa&ricar; of girls who are tho special plaguea sent by an unkind providence to piu&b; u» for our sins." Victor Levison .was a handsome young fel low, >61' flvo and' twenty, and as the train moved away from tho Spencer-street Station, he lay back with a half resigned half melap- aholy air and lit a cigar which he smoked in a semi- unconscious fashion while he gazed oat at the shifting panorama which ho evi dently saw only with his physical organs, while his spiritual faculties were engaged in some introspcctivo problems. He lookea a very well-to-do gentleman too ; and one upon whom the cares of thra world sate lightly. Above the middle height, well formed and athletic, thero was something in his faco which denoted tho man of thought as well as of action. Thero was a frank look in his dear grey eyes that inspired confidence, while they had a knack of blazing up sud denly at any excitement, or sparkling with fan when tho occasion offered, which formed a happy contrast to their habitual look of calm thoughtfalness. The second son of Gilbert Lovison, Victor had chosen the profession of a barrister, and if he had only devoted his energies and talents to his profession, he would probably have made his mark in it ; but he was something of a dreamer, and, if he had decided for tho law, it was only to escape from a profession even more ' distasteful. He conrted the muses, .WlilUU WtW BUlUUleUb W puh liUU UUkBlUU .hUU 'pale of decent society; and men who dealt in .coals, by tho wholesale, or .who trafficked in beef and mutton, while still in tho condition of bullocks and sheep, or who made their fortunes by, the careful selection of owes and rams, looked upon him with a sort of contemptuous pity, as much as to say : 44 well, there's a clover sort of ne'er-do-weel, who writes books and poems and that sort of trash instead of buying and selling and mak ing money— he'll come to no good I" This eortof thing in the abstract, did not annoy Victor Levison — it rather amused him ; bat when it camo to interfering between him and tho girl he loved, it oansed a bitterness in his heart, which occasionally found vent in bitter and oaustio words, and intensified tho fooling of antagonism already existing. " I wonder who the girl is, that Smith spoke of," murmured Levison, as ho pitched his cigar oat of the window, and yawned pro digiously. 11 Going to Arcbio Campbell's is she ? Governess perhaps ; and good-looking, Smith says.1 Well if she is— and I must say Smith has a tolerable taste in womankind— I may perhaps fall in lovo with her, out of sheer spite. Yet I can't help thinking that thero must have been some underhand in fluence at work,' to make Lucy break oil our engagement. The last time I saw her, poor girl, sue seemed nearly heart-broken. I swear sho loves and I know I lovo her ; then what the . . but thcio? cursing won't mend matters— let mo read her letter again." « Dearest Victor— ii you Knew tne griei tuat mis my heart while I write this letter, which is to release you from our engagement, you would pity me. I am torn between my love and my duty. I lovo you, Victor, I love you; and I am not afraid to say so, for you are good and noble, and I gave you my heart, when you told me, in yourown sweet passionate words, that you loved mo. Oh, Victor, do not think harshly of me. Bear with me, though I cannot roveal to you the cause of our separation. It is— it must bo, God help mo — enough that I can never many you. My load is sufficiently heavy to bear in parting with you, without feeling that you think unkindly of mo. Let us meet no more, for I fear myself. My tears blot out tho words, as I write farewell. — Your own; Lucy." ' 11 Poor girl 1" said Lovison, as ho kissed the letter, while a not unmanly tear mingled with those of bis lovo which already stained tho unoonsoionB paper, 44 poor girl ! it is now nearly twelve months smoe she wrote that letter, and I have never heard of her since in spito of the utmost efforts of Inspector Smith and the whole of tho detective staff. I wonder what can bo the duty fibo talks about. I expect some of her relations liavo been tolling her that . I am not exactly orthodox— a sort of Bohemian, which, to some minds, is equivalent to heathen — and she considers it her duty to tear herself away from the world, tho fleBh, and— tho devil in the shape of myself. But then, so for as I know, she had no relations except her father and mother;' the fothor I never met, and although the old lady was extremely orthodox, albeit, I must confess, a little vul gar, it never etruok me that she had' any objections to a Bohemian son-in-law. Weill wolll I give it up," and Victor Levi son resigned himself with a sigh to , the task of smoking a second cigar, hi tho meantime tho train sped on its way at tho usual high rato of speed adopted on the Victorian Rail ways of about ten miles an hour, pulling up every eight or nine miles to put down or take up some passenger, and making the most hideous and . blood-curdling noises at ovcry stoppage, with an abominablo contriv ance which is dignified with the name' of a break. Past intcrminablo paddocks enclosed by post and rail fences, wherein sheep and cattle grazed in peace, apparently indifferent to tho hugo monster which rushed frantically by them belching forth fire and smoko ; past qneer little melancholy looking huts, like glorified dog kennels, standing in solitary grandeur on bleak-looking plains, and each bearing witness to the former existence of a free selection, and tho present existence of a freehold dummy block; past miles upon miles of rich grazing land, whero ilerofords and short-horns waxed fat, while their owners wnro klnlcnfl liV fhn frinmla nf flirt people to eke out tho balance of tho provorb ; past Stato schools, whero the rising genera tion stopped playing for a moment or two to cheer the locomotive on its way, or yell de fiance at the' monster according to their humour for tho time being; past level cross- itgs whero queer old cripples, who wcro help less enough to bo members of Parliament, opened and shut the gates as if. opening and shutting gates was tho chief end of man; past grand-looking mansions, each of which some simplo-mindcd squatter had built up in defianco of all the canons of art, and most of whom had died shortly after the erection of these palatial structures; past, or rather through endless miles of black wattles, planted apparently for tho solo purpose of some day, adding fuel to a hugo bush-fire, fated to con sume .-passengers and train in one vast holo caust; and then, after having religiously stopped fifteen times in less than a hundred and fifty miloci, tho panting engine pulls up at a sort of one-horse station, whioh is for tho time being a terminus. Victor Levison was aroused from a reverie by tho demand for his tioket, and then ho found himself at the mercy of the cabmen who quarrelled over his gun-caso aad portmanteau and rug, until, having settled their dispute in thoir own way, he found himself seated in a melancholy- looking cab vis A vit to the fair incognito, whoso destination was tho same as his own. ,.\t\ -CHAPTER. II. - < i \ Edward Maitland was a wealthy landed proprietor jta ona of the riohest pastoral dis tricts of Victoria. Ho had ono son, Walter, qf vhpm ho was not a little proud, but with whom he was, perhaps; a little severe. Mait- land;.plr« was extremely afraid of his son Walter making a nutaUianee — possibly, be cause he himself had married his father's cook, and was afraid that such little pocutiarties were hereditary. . However that may bo, Walter was perfectly certain, that if he did marry beneath him, his father would straight- way.past him off with tho proverbial shilling. This .was probably tho rooson why, with that strangQ perversity that makes the majority of people long for tho precise thing that thoy ore warned to shun, Mr. Walter Maitland fell overhead and ears in lovo with the pretty daughter of John Morrison, a poor but honest selector in Gipps Land. Walter was a ro mantic youth in those days — ho was but twenty years of age — and it afforded him a strange and fearful delight to masquerade in his shooting excursions under tho name of Walter Brown. .Under the name of . Walter- Brqjyn he married pretty Jane Morrison, and straightway took a snag little cottage for her in a suburb of Melbourne, > Them is no use. of living under circam- v stonoea which Bavonr of the romantic, unless j it is done properly; and, therefore,' Walter made up his mind that ho would keep his wife ignorant of what ho considered his exalted origin nntil he became his own master. In tho meantime, he gave out that ho was a commercial traveller for a Bolt goods house in tbe city. - This was a yery soft thing, indeed, if it :had been analysed; but. Mrs. .Brown knew no mora about softgoods than Mr. Brown, and she was, of course, under tho impression . that, when -her husband, was awav visiting the paternal acres,- he was pe rambulating tho country in those gorgeous vchiolea so much' -affected'' by commercial gentlemen. The only person who knew, of the little comedy, .besides Walter himself, was his cousin, Henry Maitland.- - Years rolled on, but Mr, Walter Maitland, much to the surprise of bis aristocratic friends, ramained a confirmed- bachelor.. Mr. and Mrs. Walter Brown wero blessed with one fair daughter, whom the perspicuous reader will immediately recognise' as Lacy, who so strangely . disappeared from tho ken of her lover; Victor Lovison. The auspicious . birth of a daughter made an additional attraction to tho romantic dove cote of Mr. Walter Brown alia Maitland. But Walter continued the even tenor of his way. no was nappy in au cubvugu us . »t iumii Brown; and ho was happy on his father's station as Walter Maitland. In either case he was a happy-go-lucky,; careless, romantic dog, who hugged his. own little mystery to his own heart, and never thought that any harm would come of it. Alt in good time he would appear as the prince in the fairy' tale, and o&rry; his astonished wife and no less astonished child to his palatial and ancestral homo. But when one, with the best intentions in tho world, begios telling lies, or living lies, things' don't 'pan out,' properly . always. Ten years after his marriagohis father died and ho succeeded to tho property. - Now, whether it was that he was ashamed of his wife ; or whether, as some have whispered, that ho had another wife somewhere else ; or whether, simply that ho was too cosy going to alter tho life which had grown habitual to him we oannot say : but, certain it is, that after the death of his father; and up to the time of his own— accidental death we were go ing to say, but deliberate murder is tho phrase required— he continued his dual existence. - Walter was always an easy going, honest, careless soul; and wo -don't botieve a word about tho rumoured socond wifo. His faults wcro numerous enough ; !but his prinoipal weakness was a pernicious habit of 4 lotting things Blido,' and shunting off work of any kind and responsiblities of all kinds on to other shoulders. The pair of shoulders whioh took tho most of this workwera those of his cousin Henry. Henry Maitland was a clever man with a keen, dark eye which, to a close obscr- g ver, had a slightly trea- f oherous look, and his | face, when' ho -was not wearing his - society | mask, had a hungry av- 1 ariciousexpression. A | good physiognomist | would have said that 1 | he was a miser; a good | phrenologist would f| have put him down as || afirst class murderer ; 1 thoy would both havo | been right. Henry Maitland had a badly | balanced head. Ho had : | an abnormal develop- f inent of two organB — | very useful in their \ placo but ' dangerous \ when in excess— ncqul- | sitiveness and destraa- f tiveness. . = Henry Maitland was | Walters only surviving I relative; If Walter died ' s intestate ho would sue- p ceed to tho property. I The, only thing that I stood in tho way' was the wifo and daughter. £ How to get over this | difficulty was the ques- | tion. ; I 41 "Watty old boy," f said Henry with the as- - I sumption of bluff hear- i tinoss and good hum- | oar,' which ho adopted % always when 'not abso- f lately alone— this as- | sumption of good na- i turcd roughness was tlio I mask under whioh be \ found it inost conveni ent to do the meanest of his actions— 44 Watty old boy, I want to talk seriously to you." "Oh bother! What is it ?" 41 It is a matter which. ; affects tho welfare' of your wifo and child." 44 Of my wifo and child?" said Walter roa- ingly. 44 Yes I ought I to bring them up hero. ' Ij What does it matter U how people will talk. | Married for tho last scv- I cnteen years under an n assumed name. After u all it will only be a nine days wonder. Yes, you are quite right, Henry, I must bring them up at once.4' " That is a very good resolution, bravo !" cried Henry in his most honest and effuBivo stylo: I am glad to hear you talk liko that, but that is not what X was thinking about, dear boy." 14 Of what then?" " Havo you made your will, Walter ?" 44 No." " Careless follow." 41 Why I don't look like dying, do I ?" 44 No, but wo are all mortal, and if you wcro to die without making your will, seo what possibilities of trouble might arise. You ought to think of your wile and daugh ter." »» You are a good fellow Harry," said Walter impulsively, 41 lot me do it at once ; you'ro scribe enough for that I'm sure." 44 Of course I can do it," replied Harry slowly, 44 but had yoa not better got it done by a lawyer ?" 44 Oh, hang lawyers 1 Thoy only 'confuse things. Threelincswilldo .it. I'll leave all my property to Luoy, subjeot to the payment of £1000 a year to my wife, and a thousand a year to yoa old boy, and the thing is done." 14 Well, yea, of course, that's simple enough, and if you wish me to do it, I'll draw, up a will to-morrow." I' Bo, there's a good fellow, and then tho thino will hn nff mv mind " Next day Henry stayed at home, and Wal ter rode into the township upon Borne business. Henry was very busy all day writing out tho will, in the most elaborate legal style, with the help of somo legal handbooks. After writing out one will, ho wrote out another. In tho first will he had disposed of tho property as Walter Maitland instructed him. In tuo seoond will, ho transposed the names in such a way, as to leave the bulk of tho property to 44 my cousin, Henry Maitland," and ono thousand a year to Miss Jano Mor rison, commonly known as Mrs. Walter Brown. Thotwo pieces of foolscap were exactly tho same in appearance to start with. Honry Maitland, to still further increase the decep tion, made a series of elaborate, but appa rently accidental, blotches upon the first will ; and then, with a most commendablo patience, proceeded to make fac simile blotches upon the second will, Thotwo wills wero in ap pearance, identical. After he had finished his task, Henry went to the gun rack,' took oat Walter's breech-loader, and took it down to the blacksmith's shop. Thero was nobody about, as Honry had sent the blacksmith to hang a gate, at tho extreme end of the run. With some oorious tools, he workod away in dustriously, at the inside of the left hand barrel. _nntfl. When ho had finished, there was a perceptible crock, or groove, in tho barrel, about six in ches from the, breech. This crack ho filled up with groase, until it was no longer to be seen, when looking through the barrel, and having finished his work to his entire satis faction, he returned to the house, and replaced the gun in the rack. When Walter returned in the ovoning, he read tho will first written, with many groans at its length; - . ".That is about -what yon want, isn't it?" asked Henry cheerfully. 44 Oh yes!" said Walter, throwing it on tho table with a sigh of relief. " I supposo you had bettor get in a couplo of tho men to witness it." ; Henry picked up tho will, and walking carelessly over to tho firo-place, rang tho bell. It did not require much sleight-of-hand . to conceal the will Walter had. just read, and return to his scat . with the foo slmilo in his hand in place of tho original. . Tho house maid now appeared in responso to the ring, and she was instructed to send Thompson, the overseer, and Blake, the boundary rider, in. Tho fraudulent wtilwas lying on tho tabic. In five minutes it was duly signed, sealed, and delivered, and in fivo minutes mora it was securely looked up in Mr. Walter Maitland's private safe. \- Then Mr. Henry Maitland planned a shoot- Tho most expensive guns are not absolutely safe; and when. Mr R alter Maitland's dead body was . brought into the . house, Henry Maitland said ho would noverh&vo; confidence in ono of those, new-fangled brooch-loaders again. « , : . L - '-CHAPTER HI.: ' Victor Levison'B cariosity had been roused by tho remark of detective Smith as to tho good-looking girl in the next carriage ; and, therefore, when ho . found himself sitting op posite to tho fair unknown, in a stuffy littlo cab, his first impulse was to try and get a look at her face. But in this he was com pletely baulked, for theyounglady persistently kept her faco muffled .up in a thick veil. 44 She has got a pretty foot at all events," said Victor to himself," and a beautiful figure.-: The poso of : her -head is simply superb, and'what lovely hair the very colour of Lucy's." All' at once the thought rushed into' Victor's mind — tho oonviotion almost — that ' it was indeed' Luoy. r -His -heart felt strangely op pressed ; his breath camo in short, quiok gasps; Iris face flushed,: and his: fingers seemed to j burn and tremble with an eager longing to touch the hand, thedress, the hair of tho sweot girl who seemed to effaoe herself in the farthest corner of the cab as if to keep as far away from hitnas possible. . Laoy, on-her part,) knew Viotor ; and all her passionate lovo for him which, in tho dear old days when thero was no barrier between them, had been fed on honied words and kept ativo by tender caresses— whoso banished joys it was now an agony to remember— made her bosom swell and her hoart throb painfully while sho could hardly control tho impulso to throw herself .into hor lover's arms, and sob out her agony, on his bosom.. Her blood ran cold the next moment, and her highly wrought feelings found relief in a sigh whion, but for hor fear of betraying herself, would havo been a moan. ; Victor felt as if ho was standing on a prcci- Sice and was seized with a mad desire to fling imaclf over.: Three or four times he opened his lips to speak and aB often tho unspoken thought died xion his . lips. His heart beat furiously. If it was Luoy, and be allowed her to escape without spooking to her and en deavouring to clear up tho mystery of her dis appearance, he would curse his prudery as long as he lived., But, if tho young lady was a stranger, upon what possible pretoxt could headdress her .at all. And then it. could not possibly be Luoy,' or she would havo spoken. Yet, in spito of all his arguments against tho possibility of its being tho girl ho loved, he felt surrounded and steeped in an atmosphere, charged with emotions such as he only felt when in the prescnoe of one woman. The situation , was . becoming , painfully charged with lovo's elootrioity, and it is diffi cult to say what would have happened if a lightning oondnotor, In the. shape of Honry. Maitland had not entered the vtmicle at that moment. Henry Maitland: was on his way to Melbourne, and had purchased his tioket when he chanced to look, into the lady's < car riage.. He saw Luoy, and his guilty con science, ever, on tho watch for possible dis covery of his crimes, made him suspect that Luoy s appcaranoo in the district bodod.no gooufor iiim. ; . ' After ho had accomplished his purpose so cleverly of murdering his cousin , Walter by manipulating his breech-loader so artistically, he had interviowod Mrs. Walter Brown, Lucy's mother. Ho explained to her tho exact position of affairs as a candid friend. His explanation was : charming in- its sim plicity, and could not possibly havo deceived anyone but tho simple-mindea woman whom he took tho trouble to dooeivo. According to him Walter. Maitland had married Jano Morrison under an assumed name. .Walter Brown, in fact, had .married Jane Morrison. Walter MaitlAnd had died; and Walter Mait land being also Walter Brown, it followed that Walter Brown bad died. But. nobody knew Walter Maitland as Walter Brown ox- copt he himself, Henry Maitland ; and he was not only not going to identify Walter Matt lately swear that no such identity existed. If she persisted in claiming Walter Maitland as her nusband ho would denounce her as an impostor, and swear that she, Mrs- Brewn, was Walter Maitland's mistress; that ho knew Walter Brown well enough, and that he had simply disappeared 10 order to lend a colour, to nar claim. He wont so far as to say that she was not really, married from the fact of her having married Maitland under tho name of : Brown. That Walter himself was aware of this, and as damning evidence of that ho produced tho will, in which ho Had left to Miss Jano Morrison, commonly known as Mrs. Walter Brown, £1000 per annum. All this was liko a hideous dream to Lucy's mother ; and sho was so overwhelmed with the apparent . completeness of the thing, that she was perfectly helpless and utterly in capable of seeing her way out of the difficulty. . Tho ono hideous appalling foot that stood out boldly in all the entangled surroundings, and struok coldly to hor heart and turned her head dizzy, was that she was not -married to tho- father, of tho child, and that her child was a bastard, . , Bhe dared not toll Luoy, but in hor fevorish muttorings when tho terriblo blow laid her upon a bod of sickness, her daughter gathered so much that she was compelled to tell ber deceived, the sad story was imparted iu such a way that Luoy was compelled, in spito of herself, to think the same. It was a crushing blow to tho poor girl. She was so proud of hor father, so fond' of hor mother; And to think that all this time her father bad llvoda lio t Bat whoa sho'thought of her love— of Viotor— it almost drovo ber mad. There was but one thing to bo 'done. They must dis appear from the scene and blot oat thopa9t; they could live' where their story was un known. Parting with Victor was the severest trial, bat.sho could not endure the thought of linking her sallied name to that of the man sbd loved too well to drag down to hor lovel. Thus she wrote ber parting letter to Viotor, and this is why she dreaded his discovering her. 'Luoy and her mother bad a hard strugglo. Sho was now on her wav to Bar gooma as governess to Mrs. Campbell, who know tho whole of hor sad story. Henry Maitland, being a high-class villain, know that the fiction ho had so industriously elaborated,' would not stand investigation. As long as Luoy and her mother were olive there was danger. . . ' Luoy was 'oven more dangerous: than her mother'; and; therofora, when ho saw hor in tho railway aarriago, and saw hor afterwards take her seat In tho cab which was to tako hor to tho coaoh office, ho changed his mind about going to Melbourne, and determined. to find out hor destination. .With this objoot'he also got into'tho oob ; and. if the reader wishes to know how long it takes to go.tlirongh oil the different emotions and lifo experionoos whioh wo have, attempted to describe, and trace to their sonroos horn tho beginning of tho chapter up to this point, tho cabman, if he wero at the samo time ob- servant , and trnthful, wonld probably inform him that the time was three minutes. The cutranco of Henry Maitland into the cab was a relief to Viotor and Luoy. Not that ho wob a desirable companion, But tho . emotional currents were diverted, and , both Lucy and Victor breathed moro. freely for his presence, although Luoy know him and loatnod him, while Viotor didn|t know him, and didn't want to know him. ,Tho(cab drove np to tho ooach offioo ; and as toon as tho luggage was. arranged, and the moils put on. the raok, and in tno boot, and under the Beats, and wherever thoy could find a placo to stow them, the coach startod out of tho thriving . township of r Tclora ' with tho usual plungo of , tho, near wheeler, without which, it is apparently impossible for Cobb & Co, to qot away- . He was a oranky bruto that near side wboelor, .and Jaok M'Lean, the driver, told Victor— who was sitting alongside him— in a confidential whisper, that the ani mal was a "blooming fraud, - There was another gentlemen on the box scat, and Luoy. was insldo, where, also, Henry Maitland had elected to go. . / - - had boon, fine on tho coast and a short dis tance inland, tho coantrv about Tolora gave ovidenco of Heavy rainfall. There , had been steady rain for three or four days higher np tho country also ; and all the creeks wero running hank high. Tho road crossed tho valley of tho Tolora creek, about ten miles out of tho township. Tho crook had overflown tte banks, and when tho coaeh arrived at the odgo of the water, it was evident that it would tako very careful piloting to got through with safoty. Tho cur rent was not rapid, and the water was not moro than four foot deep on tho average ; but these floods, whioh look so innocent, have a nasty habit of working .deep holes in tho blue clay, which forms tho bod of . the valley, and it tho coach, by accident, got into one of these holes, it would be a serious matter. ; All this was known to Henry Maitland, who was also perfectly acquainted with the track across. ' A diabolical idea suddenly entered his head. If ho could ontioo tho driver of tho coaoh into one of thoso huge holes, the inside passengers of tho coach, would bo certainly drowned. Luoy onoo oat of the way, he would be safe. \- The coach stopped at the odgo of the water. i 44 Can any gentleman dttvo tho coaeh after me through this .swamp, if I get a homo and .nilfttilia m>." iMttrtvw . 44 I'll drive," said Victor, who was rather a good four-in-hand whip. ' 44 If .you would allow mo to make a sugges tion,", said Mr. Maitland, 44 1 think wo can got over the difficulty. Doubtless this gontle- man," referring to Victor, 44 is a proficient driver, bat I think Jack had bettor stick to tho ribbons. I will ride on, and act as pilot." "All right, old eon," said Jack, 44 you're a trump; here comes.Bobby with a homo; fire ahead 1" and the coach went down steadily into the yellow turbnlent water, while Henry Maitland rode on in front; with an angelic smilo upon his face, and murder in his heart. CHAPTER IV.- It was an exciting time. The tarbid breadth of flood water, which looked so innocent and picturesque at a distance, took a new mean ing when it surged up against the wheels of the coach, and swirled angrily away on tho other side, as if it felt defrauded of its lawful prey. The near-side wheeler was restless and uneasy. Every now and again ho plunged his nose down into tho turbid w&tors;, and then flung it up with a jerk, as if ho had seen a snako, snorting and plunging all the time evidently in the most abject terror. About thirty yards ahead of the coaoh, Henry Kffutlftnd minted th« wav. The coaeh .w as now about half-way across. 44 Hi I boss, ain't yougoing too much to the left?" yelled the driver. '? 4 44 It's all right, yon follow my traok,". called baok Maitland over his shoulder. ' ' < ; 44 His track seems to me darned peculiar," muttered Jaok under his breath; as he took a fresh hold of the near wheeler's rein. The traek tea peculiar. , . Maitland seemed to bo pioking his way,- going a little to the right and then to the left. Tho water left no trace of his passago, and the driver, in spito of himself, always kept following him in' a bee lino. < i » - - Thoy wore within abont two hundred yards of the landing place, when suddenly the near wheeler lost his footing. -Ho was oat of his depth. Tho leaders had swerved to ono side and had escaped tho hole. Inritantly tho driver jammed down tho break, and stopped tho coach, which, of course, hod only been going at a walking pace. Fortunately, ' tho leaders were tradable, and stood still. The off-side wbeelcir instinotively recognised : his danger, and planting his feet firmly, bold up against his struggling companion. . The'mo- ment was one of imminent danger.'1 The frantio horse plnnged and reared, now feeling tho bottom with his bind : feet, and now plunging head foremost into the boiling water. His struggles wero becoming weaker. - In two minutes he would be drowned, but - before that lie 'would?; probably startle the other horses, and drag thecoaeh into the abyss. Jaok M'Lean . dared not leave tho reins. Viotor, in tho meantime, had got ovor the dash board and, at tho risk of his life, was walking out on tho pole to endeavor to loose tho horso by unbuckling . tho reins; and pole- strap, .nnd;Unhooking the. traces. Tho first stop, however,, along .the pole, showed him that the thing was impossible. In an instant ho was hack again, and plunging off the seat, he swam up to the straggling animal, and be gan operations by . trying to let go. the traoes. But |thoy .were so; tightly drawn and tense, that his efforts wero hopeless. , Then he bo- thought him of his. knife. > With- a few rapid strokes the traces, pole-straps, and reins wero cat, and tho half-drowned animal was free, and presontly staggered, np the bank, .more dead than alivo, . m ( Viotor now.tnrned hls atteution to the lady in iho coach. . Looking out of the' window was tho i frightened .visage of a , travelling proaohor, who, coming thus far to prcaeh the gospel to tho hoathon, was now. moro anxious for tho safety of his own body from water than- the souls .of. other peoplo from fire. Behind the parson who, to do him justice, hod tried to; keep up his own.conrego and comfort his (fellow passenger, stood . Luoy, who had .watched iViotor throughout, tno exotting soehe, her faoo white and her hands nnoonsoionsly clasped ; in tho attitude of sup plication.-' ' iTttuuig tu tug uuu,-. » ivtnjs upuuuu lb uuU said, Bimply : , . r 44 Are you maoh frightened 'my darling ?": 44 1 was not thinking of' myself, Victor; only of yoa. It seemed so terrible strug gling in the water with that half-maddened horse." : Thoy stood for a moment with tightly- clasped hands. - It was a moment of bliss. All tho oast was forgotten. Then Luoy gently witbarow her hands and shivered shghty, as tho barrior between Viotor and herself once more rose before bar. 44 Come, my darting, I will carry yon to tho bank,'.' saidjher lover. Ho took hor in his strong arms ; and Victor . was repaid for all tho post twelvemonths of hopo deferred- as hs felt her fluttering heart beat against his own. 44 You will novor leavo mo more," ho whis pered; 44 Oh, Viotor 1 yon don't know, yoa don't know . . ." . . . 44 And I don't want to know. All I know is that I love you ; and yon told mo once that yon loved me; and wo are going to be married in splto'of croation ; and we'll be married at Bargooma, for I won't trast yon oat of my sight any more; and wo'll go away to Tas mania for our honeymoon, and lie back in time to spend the Christmas holidays with my old friend Campbell, to whoso house wo are both going now if Lam not mistaken." . — — .TMh jwaq .Afl .Bnia wtth_n mn.ih deeision. and in sach a mattcr-of-coorso tone, that Lucy could only cry Bilently, while a great joy filled her soul, and sno unconsciously nestled closer to tho big heart of the man who . was carrying her in . his arms like a child. The lovers wcro so absorbed in their own affairs that they did not notice tho presenco of a wdl.appointed drag whioh just then drove np, dirawn by four spanking bays, held well in band by a cheerful-looking yoong gentleman of abont fifty summers, whose white hairs seemed absurdly out of place when taken in'connection with his sparkling eyes and jovial, boyish-looking face. . 44 Bravo Victor ! Well done my boy !" then he added, in a serio-comic tone, 44 bless yon both, my children." "Hallo, Campbell 1 is that you ?" " All that is loft of me. And this, young lady is Miss Brown, I know from hor photo graph. Jump up both of you ; and If that villain Fircstick will stop plunging for half a second, I'll shake hands with you in tho in terval. Now, my boy, you look uncommonly like a drowned rat-— oxcaso my flattering simile — so we'll drive over to Simpsons for a change of clothes, and then we'll moke Bar gooma at the rate of fifteen miles an hour". J! But whot abont the. luggage?" . " Oh! that'll ha all risht.. I'll leave ward of the accident as we pass tho company's ' stables, and they will send assistance.": , When they arrived at Bargooma thoy. were cordially welcomed by. Mrs.- Campbell, .who 'kissed Luoy as if she were an old friend, and insisted upon her going .straight to bed after ,tca."r .>,' r . The next few days passed pleasantly for Luey in a lifo which was entirely now . to her. Victor learned from Mrs. Campbell tho secret whioh, in Iiuoy's estimation, raised, such a barrier between himself and her. . The know ledge only helped to .endcarhertohim tho more. He. pleaded so earnestly- that at length she consented to become his wife. In the mean time he determined to probe the mystery, to the bottom. He communicated with detec tive Smith, who immediately made an exami nation of the books of tho Registrar, and found the marriago duly recorded of Walter Brown and Jane Momsson. The difficulty, of courso, .was to identify Walter Maitland with Walter Brown. There would have been of courso, no difficulty immediately after tho death . of- Walter, for those, who Imew him under oitber name could have identified .the body, as belonging to tho man thoy knew under either, designation. and the mystery would have been solvod. . : But now that ho. had been dead for over a year, suoh a solution was impossible. : Detective Smith who had come up to. Bar gooma. was at his wits end.- Viotor was striving after impossible combinations of the , ' most intricate theories, n wnon tne whole thing | was pat into a nutshell | by. a very innocent re- I mark by Mrs. Camp- I bell. : | " Have yon a photo- | > graph of your lather, | my dear?" she said to ? Luoy. . I . -Luoy produced a pho- ! tograph of her late I father, Walter Brown, j Mrs. Campbell had in | her - album . a photo- I graph : of Walter Mait- I , land. Thoy were not | - from tho same negative, | cor by tho'samc artist ; I but. tnero was no'miB- | taking, the identity of | the original. The photo- I graph of Walter Brown I ana . that of Walter I Maitland were both | taken -from tho same I individual. 44 Tho ap- I paratua can't : lie" and I the ipse dixit of the sun I . is indisputable/ ' Inde- I pendently of the general likeness which strikes I . the -eye, thero is the | reproduction of . every | line and scar and mark | and miorosoopically 1 : minute fissure , with ab- 3 . solute- exactness. .Not : ..two; faces in a million | are the same in one line, i But, since the creation | of the world, if all tho I - faces that ever saw tho j tight were compared, no I two faces would be I found that had all the | lines the same. The I photograph and the | microscope together are | infallible. The mystery | was a mystery no lon- | ger. - j After tho ladies had I retired, the three gentle- \ , : men continued the dis- g cusflion. 11 £ . , 44 What is your I opinion of the mat- | ter,. Smith?" said Vie- | tor, : | "What sort of a man i was Walter Maitland?" | said, the detective, ad- i dressing Mr. Campbell, 1' 44 A thoroughly hon- ourable man; but one of tho most careless easy going fellows that ever I mot, and completely dominated by tho superior in tellect of his cousin Henry." 44 Then," said the detective, in a thoughtful tone, 11 ho nerer signed that will with tho knowlcdgo of its tcnour. It. is my opinion that Walter Mait land has been doped ; and his death, on the follow ing day, makes me think that he was also murdered." 44 By whom 7 " aaked Mr. Campbell, eagerly. ' 44 By tho man who benefitted most by .his dcath." \- CHAPTER v" , Henry Maitland's property adjoinod Bargooma. The two homesteads wero about fivo miles apart. Maitland was not much of a sportsman himself— he was too keen .and too eager in his pursuits of wealth to indulge in such frivolities ; but, with his usual cunning, no pretended an enthusiasm which he did not fo£l for sport, in ordor to keep up his assumed character of bluff carelessness. and good nature. ' On his : property, how over, 'Wero many plaees famous as the favourite : haunts of snipe. Tho first shooting o! tho season was generally. to bo' obtained along the duck-haunted crooks, and round the edges of tho rich swamps of Yambaar, which was tho namo of his station. Sinco tho death of Walter, Maitland there were strango whispers as to tho peculiar lifo lod by ',the presoni proprietor, Henry Maitland. , Although, when he mixed with tho neighbours,1 or when his basinets took him into the nearest township, there was no apparent difference in the man; it was rumonrod that ho shot himself np periodically, and had prolongod bouts of solitary drinking.; ; One day, about a fortnight after the arrival of Yiotor aiul Lucy at Barcooma. Henrv Maitland rode orer, to invito Mr.' Campbell and his friends to a days snipe-shooting. Lucy had no suspicion that ho wss hor father's mnrderer; but sho knew tho part , he had acted after her father's death, and she shuddered as ho insisted upon' shaking bands with her, after 'tho formal ceremony of introduction. ' ' ' : Victor Lovison and Detective Smith had their own reasons for appearing on friendly terms with tho man whoso crimes they were endeavouring to trace. Tbey gid not wish to aronse his suspicions, and therefore thoy accepted his invitation with ap parent pleasure! 44 You will bring the ladies too, Campbell," said Maitland,. in parting, 14 wo .'will mako a regular pic-nie of it. ' It is not often that I havo the pleasure of ucting as host to fair ladies." Thus saying ho doffed his hat with tho grace of a cavalier, and contored off, the bean Meal of a good-natured, jovial, country gentleman. f4 What a consummate hypocrite the man must bo," said Victor. 44 But ho deceives nobody,'4 quietly remarked tho host, .-4I he cannot constantly wear the mask, and every now and then tho veil ia lifted, by a opto slight exprcsslon, a look, a word, tho tura-of a sentence, which reveals the tiidden thought : ho is most disliked by thoso who know him best.1 "Well, I suppose we will go over to Yambaar to-morrow?"' . 44 1 think so ; we may possibly h? something, and, in any case, yon can have some good aport, while the ladies will enjoy the drive." Next morning the four-in-hand drove up to tho door, and soon the party were seated in the drag. It was a glorious October morning. A alight shower the j)reTiow_ nisht jnadq the air appear moro balmy than usual, with the scent I wood and wattle blossoms. As thoy druS the long avenuo, tho heavy odour, wafted A voll-kopt garden, proclaimed the prescnofl sweet-scented horonia, overpowering its mfl cato neighbour, tho Daphne. A As far as the. eye could reach, a rich ml emerald green spread out in gentle undul while grouped about in pleasing irregular! graceful hghtwood added a charm of 1 to the landscape. At varying distances, every direction, tho gleam of water caught i as little lakes of fantastic shapes, some o: were of great depth, and others merely i depressions, received tho rays of the riaix and reflected them to tho eye of the obsorv< leaves of the tall white gums, sparkh diamond-studded trees of fairyland,1 as tin breeze made the leaves quiver, and the at rain-drops also caught tho white sun-rays, fleeted them back in the many-coloured the rainbow. Tho air was vibrating w various sounds, and heavy with .the es odours of. a Spring morning in the An; bush. Tho musical note of the magpie n ated from every tree, and the daring only stopped his sweet note occasionally, w made a savage dart at anyone who dared t near the nest where his a&te;'was attending young brood. At a ssfo distance, cro solemn-looking native companions could b engaged in picking up the early worm, whii now and again they would sound a note of and. then set to partners and chased, to tea; other, liko amiable lunatics, dancing, on atedstilts'. " In tho meantime the bays wero going a fine stylo, and their regular -patter patter turf made a joyous -music, which chimed . all the surroundings of a' glorious -mornii sent the life-blood of old and yoong bo . through tho veins liko quicksilver. , Hearr land met them at. the door of his house, t party did not enter. The happy hunting j. were further on, so tbey immediately made .for the Warrarakk swamp. There was a tent 'already' pitched, a ladies were left to sketch ana' amuse tlier while tho sportsmen proceeded to the spo: the snipe were seen.' '.! It looked a' very likely spot indeed, black swamp: with plenty- of cover. H- there wero clumps of acacia, while round t of tho swamp, giant red-gams spoke of con moisture. Presently, Maitland's dog— a enough-looking 'pointer, but badly. I blundered ahead, and startled a couplo of snipe, which' rose with a whirr ont of rei made straight for tho other end of tho sirs Maitland called in' His ddg with a curse : put his gun suddenly- to his shoulder, shoot ' the animal,- but thought better of contented himself with throwing a stone a Presently, the snipo; began to;rise,in <j twos, and tho guns were banging away Victor was a good shot, and made somo execution with his right ar.d left barrel; steady and unerring precision, , ho had' to Campbell,' who never missed with bis r rarely with his left. Maitland shot fair! torn beating Detective - Smith, whose evidently inaicated -want of practice. 1 were now rising thick and fast, and.thar almost continuous iuimaae; wrnon a ceased, as the birds that remained took another swamp about two miles distant, t Before returning to the ladiesthe spor down to hidalge in a f smoko and to < game in their bags. . There1 Was the urea talk,' largely ' egotistical, ' and. wonderful native as to remarkablo shots, which app< 'a necessity on these occasions ; but wltb will . not troablo the reader. Henry seemed in no very amiable mood. Tho tion - had turned into a channel whlcl please hi, It hinged upon the wohderf which murder is brought to tight. Smith was jfuti of pleasing anecdotes i fortuitous 'way ' in ; which eridenco is $ forthcoming. Ho instanced' a' caso nephew had murdered his unelo becaus man was too long in dying. The tuck . patently been killed by falling down a w .nophaw was his heir, and assumed such appcar&nco; of chastened grief, that' no so foul play aroso, and the old man'waa bor tbe nephow seemed haunted with aom< horrid fascination in talking about: tho his uncle — and in combatting an idea < body but himself had entertained, that 1 was other than accidental. . Then the ne f;au to drink, and strengo expressions fell ips while half maudlin. Pnbtio suspi aroused, the whole of tho surrounding affair were minutely examined. Faint evidence were accumulated, all pointing I direction; at length the body was, ui; Clutched in tbio hands of tho dead man covered a few hairs; which a micros cop nation proved to belong to tho neplie 'was the. last link in the chain.',- r 44 Bah 1 41 broke in Maitland witli,a con is the old gqody-coody story of the nurse: a new form/ Of course tho nephew- « suicide, and then lived long enough to co know nil about It." ' "No, my dear sir," confined S.mltb, 44 he did not commit suicide and confess, found guilty and hangod," Mailtand rose with a muttered improca strode towards his gun, which had lef against a tree. . In his way lie came witti of his unfortunate dog, &ud; he 'vented ) upon tho animal by giving it a vicious ki poor bruto, with a yelp of agony, rusbc and, in his flight, knocked over his mast which, , exploding, as. it fell, : tho .charg Maitland in tho ucad, and bo foil to- th« apparently a lifeless corpso. . . CHAPTER VI. ' For days Henry Maitland lay'ln'a'i scious state. Tho 'charge had struck hit 'temple and literally blown a piece' of 1 away, oxposiug tho brain. Tim gun, vfli piocfed, was within n few feet of bun, oifQ chargo liad not timo to scatter. It was not servants, and commented upon by tbam struck whispers, tbat.tho wound. was .in. t spot oxactly as that which killed Walter J When, at length, ho camo to a state of c ness, it was evident that his recovery was But tho feelings of tho wrotchod m he found that the constant And watchlu ants who ministered to biin in his hel and agony, were Lucy and her mother, alt his delirium, visions of an angel face pitying oyes liad floated through his brai with somo korriblo phantasmagoria- of eTil life. Tho ono, tho bright "rialon, reality of Lncy ; the other horrid spectres past impressious of his evil deeds which their indelible imprint upon Ids son, a: were revivified by the approach of death. But in all bis delirium ho had never 'dj hint of tho terriblo tragody sufficiently clc lighten Lucy or her mother. He babbled ing guns in a language that, to them, wa prehensiblo. Bnt when Victor Levison an five Smith heard him, there was a floo< thrown upon the dark past. If Henry . had lived ho wonld have been in danger o lows ; but ho did ' not live, and, before confessed his crimos — not to Lucy, lie ( do that — bnt to his neighbour Campbell, his dying depositions. Before his death b to make a will, leaving tho whole of tho to Lucy and her mother; but this v sidercd unnecessary, as the identification < Brown with Walter Maitland bad cstabli status of wife and daughter, and tho pri the late Walter Maitland of right belonged Victor Levison and Luoy in November. There were great rejoicings at Bargoo the woolihod was turned Into a ball-roo all tho shearers, and boundary-riders, at young men for twenty miles around brou girls and danced till daylight. And nmnrfc Tnnnrt vnon «..f « .1 VMUJ -VU kUCU I'lCtfaJ gU4 iltt horseback, or into buggies, or waggon whatever mode of conveyanco they prefe took them home through tho cool I morning, before Ibsjiot sun .had .time .U the sparkling dew-drops from :tho grai waved so cool and green all aronnd tho bride and bridegroom departed for Tasnu they camo hack in time to eat their C dinner at Yambaar, whero tho old lady - b up her. abode.. Of .course, tho .Campb there, and lots of other friends; and, alt was too hot for dancing, thoy had lawn t< croquet in the evening. And it was'nofc I sit in tho verandah and talk ; and listen and other happy girls singing, in tho int playing cards, or other indoor games.' ; Ten vears Have rolled away auco -the' e have related took place ; hot ovary year, shearing is finished, the woolsheuatY(i cleared for a dance. Tho few Yomaii bales that havo not gono to town scrv ports for long tables,-where si gorgeous set ont; the rafters 'arc bong with to flowers and blossoms, -and a- bond of m the nearest township sots a -hundred o motion to its inspiring strains.- The d vigorous, and in good. timo, for tho em Yambaar and surrounding stations are a! of Terpsichore. Mr. and Mrs. Lovison for the first half-hoar or so,' and with th couplo of sturdy boys, who look on wit and admiration, at tho gorgeous vjsloi and Mary -Ann, tlio ' bouaemsids ; ' and 3W cook ; and Euphemie', the nurse ; flyingHfl tho arms of their respectivo lovers, to an eating strains of the 41 Blue Danubo." JB ' .hzk&y; maitland bode on xn front, with an anqeuo buile on sxb face, and ltuudeb in zeis dealt. 