A MOUNTAIN RIDE. We started on our ride at 2 o clock on Satur day afternoon We had driven up from town that morning by the rather uninteresting Yan Yean road, had sighted the pretty little village of Preston in the distance embowered in its green orchards, had passed through Whittle- sea, dullest and shabbiest of all roadside villages, and had then turned away to the left up Glenvale, the green and picturesque valley of Bruce's Creek This is a tributary of the Plenty River, which winds its way along the narrow alluvial valley lying all along the foot of the block of ranges. We pass many green crops of waving corn and pretty little homesteads, and remark that vegetation in this cool valley seems at least a fortnight later than on the open country we came through m the morning. And as we drive to our destination all along on our right we have, 2,000ft. above us, the long wavering skyline formed by the ridge of the Plenty Ranges, upon which we have this afternoon to make our way. Our horses are waiting for us all ready at the little farmstead, and I recognise in the one allotted to me the sturdy little horse which carried me on a ride through these ranges several months ago. Lunch is soon disposed of and we make a start. The after- noon is bright, the sky is clear and blue, the air is exhilarating, a pleasant breeze tempers the heat, and everything conduces to a plea- sant feeling of freedom and elasticity. Our well- experienced guide, to whom every nook of the ranges is familiar, keeps a little in advance and my companion and I canter up the rough track, and soon leave the low country behind. Our road keeps on the ridge of a spur running up to the end of the moun- tain, and Bruce s Creek continues on our left as we ascend, winding round the flank of the spur up which we are riding. The forest is at first one of messmate, and has the general untidy look which this kind of timber usually presents. Gradually the trees grow more closely, and become larger, taller, and straighter, and have more of the right moun- tain forest character. Fern trees appear more and more frequently, scattered through the forest, and tall scrub more densely covers the ground. A little black wallaby, startled by the noise, hops away over a neighbouring hill, but otherwise, save for the occasional sight of a pair of bright coloured parrots, or the shrill caw caw of a white cockatoo flying high above the tree tops, the forest is silent and still. Our guide picks up the track as rapidly as we can push along, being helped by the recent "blazes" on the trees. At times we are on all that remains of an old dray track by which split palings were many years ago carted out of the ranges. At times it is nothing but an obscure bridle path, which to the inexperienced eye could not be recognised as a path at all. By this time we are on the end of the ridge, though not on its highest point. We are on the great divide, and while the creek above which we have ascended falls into the Plenty, and then into the Yarra, and reaches the sea at Melbourne, the creek which rises in the deep dense gorge down below us to the northward struggles out of the ranges, and helps to form the Goulburn, and then flows on northward to the Murray, and after washing the boundaries of two colonies, enters South Australian terri- tory, and ends a course of some 2,000 miles by reaching Lake Alexandrina. As we go on we pass old splitters tracks, many of which, as they descend the steep slopes of the moun- tain, have by the combined action of the wheels and of the rains cut down 3ft or 4ft deep, so as to form, as it were, miniature railway cuttings down tho face of the moun- tain. Now and then we passed the site of deserted splitting camps, once tho scene of life and activity, now only marked by the mouldering posts or chimneys of the huts. The road is rough and uneven, and some times precipitous, but our brave horses —- denizens of the district, and familiar with mountain work—-take it all as it comes with perfect willingness. Now they are tugging hard up a stiff slope, now carefully picking their way down a steep hill face all covered with loose rolling atones, now cautiously clambering over one of the rough piles of logs laid closely by the side of a fallen tree-trunk to bridge the way over it They are gallant, and steady, and sure footed, and we trust them quite securely in all sorts of queer places. In places we ride along through dense green scrub, 20ft. or 30ft. high, which unites high above our heads and shades us as in a leafy tunnel. It was in such a spot that I saw the first lyre-bird I have ever seen alive, scuttling along the track ahead of our guides horse, till a side opening allowed it to disappear into the scrub. At one part of the crest of the range the road—-so to call it—-wound round a huge dome shaped mass of granite, heaving up oat of the ridge of the mountain. This is called the Nobbies—-Vic torian topographical nomenclature ia so limited and so unpicturesque. Further on we emerged from the forest into the great clearing on the top of Scaffold hill, 2,700ft. above sea level. Here some 27 years ago Mr. Ellery, now our Government astronomer, was camped for some time engaged in the trigono- metrical survey, and this enormous clearing of the grand forest which covered the hill was made to allow the "scaffold" to show as a landmark from other points of observation. Bush fires and the decay of time have re- duced the scaffold liteially to dust and ashes. The huge logs which cover the ground and cross each other in all directions are also in all stages of decay, and in another quarter of a century nothing will be left of them. We try to make our way through or over the mass of fallen timber a short dis- tance on foot to got a point of outlook, but soon give up the attempt as too laborious. The scene of ravage and decay pains my com- panion as much as though it were on his own property instead of on public lands that no individual person is supposed to care any- thing about I endeavour to comfort him by pointing out how the work of reforesting is going on under the unaided kindly foster- ing influences of nature, which are busily at work repairing the damage caused by man's careless waste. On each side of this open space masses of young mountain ash trees are advancing into the cleared space—-ad- vancing in close columns, or scattered squadrons, or open skirmishing order to occupy the ground from which their predecessors were exterminated. So on large tracts that have been devastated by bush fires we see great beds of young saplings 100ft. high and a foot in diameter springing up to adult foresthood. After the whirlwind of fire has passed over, the ground is left for a time a hideous smoking waste, with the very ground burned into a semblance of baked brick-clay. Then gradually the tree ferns, hardiest of plants to resist fire, owing to their thick covering of silky fibrous non- conducting material, throw out their bright green fronds.Then the scrub roots grow again, and in a year or two the ground is covered with scrub vegetation The re-growth of the forest is a much slower work, it is even slow to show its beginnings. But that it is cer- tain appears to be proved by the observations we make as we ride along. The Water Supply department, not disposed to trust wholly to the powers of nature, is co- operating in the work of restoration, and in no distant time the result must be to renew in all its opulence and beauty the magnificent foreat which originally clothed these hills. We come to patches of it at times quite intact, and ita grandeur extorts our utmost admiration. Australians are only gradually growing to do justice to the beauty of their adopted land. Surely in its own class and form there could not be a more perfect type of arboreal majesty and gracefulness than one of these tall mountain ash trees. Here they stand, a dense mass of columnar forms, so thickly placed that in whichever way the eye is directed it must striko right in the middle of a tree trunk. But just forget the forest and observe an individual tree-surely this is the perfection of lightness and gracefulness in the vegetable world Look at its slim, tapering stem, shooting up to at least 300ft. in height, and its light, feathery grace of foliage borne so airily on high. It looks very slender, a mere magnified pole, a colossal "whipstick", as we used to say in the old bullock driving days, and it is only actual contact that enables you to realise that that graceful, taper stem is no less than 6ft. in diameter at two or three yards above the ground. From the top of Scaffold-hill we have to make a plunge down a depth of some 1,400ft to cross the deep gorge which seems to bisect the front of the mountain range .The steep- ness and depth of the descent are still more emphasised to our minds by the recollection of the fact that we have to ascend the whole dis- tance again on the other side. Our trustworthy horses come down the long declivitous slope without flinching at the awkwardest looking places, and at the bottom we find one of the finest of those charming spots which only Australian mountain and forest scenery can supply. The main stream of the Plenty, here strong, clear, and cold from its springs in the granite rock, rushes and roars along ita rubbly bed, and is shaded by a dense growth of magnificent sassafras trees, and myrtles, and dogwood, and fern trees, and flowering shrubs, all moist and clad with long, trailing mosses and epiphytal ferns. We do not linger, but after crossing the rustic wooden bridge which spans the creek, com- mence the long, stiff climb to the range before us. The top of this, for some un- known reason, bears the name of Yorktown. It has been wholly denuded of timber, but has been ploughed during last winter, and sown with eucalypti, which it is hoped will in time form a forest worthy to replace that which was destroyed. We are now on the top of Mount Disappointment, whose name commemorates the feelings of despondency with which a party of early explorers, who had tolled for weeks through the dense forest clad ranges to the northward and eastward, won the top of this eminence and looked out on the country beyond. But why were they disappointed? What is the view which lies before us from the same point to day! History scarcely re- cords such a change effected in such a time. That landlocked sea, which we call Port Phillip, there in the south-west, is the same that our toil worn explorers looked out upon. But at its right hand end we can now discern even with the naked eye a forest of shipping occupying what is now the world famed Hobson's Bay, but what was to them merely a bend in the coast of the great bay. That tower-like structure, apparently on the edge of the bay, is the dome of the Melbourne Exhibition building, and that other to the left may be— for we have no glasses—-either St Patrick's Cathedral or Government-house. On yonder distant hill we see a slight upright structure, which we localise as Doncaster Tower. But here, close under the mountains below us, is a bright lake gleaming in the sunshine, which our early explorers would be unable to re- cognise. It was not there in their days. That is the Yan Yean reservoir, which, though it covers some 1,300 acres, looks to us from this point like a duck-pond. Nearer still are the rolling, tumbling, outside ranges of the mountain mass, divided by deep blue gullies, and yonder reddish line is the road to Yea, which laboriously crawls along, mile after mile, up spur and ridge, till it is lost in the sea of broken mountain billows before us. Away to the right we look over Keilor Plains to the Blackwood Ranges. Mount Macedon, usually bo prominent a feature of almost any landscape in the central parts of Vic- toria, is shut out of view by an outlying spur. But yonder on the remote western horizon are the Anakies, and away to the southward lie the Juliet and Monda and Yarra ranges all foreshortened into unrecognisable and unfamiliar forms. Our tough day's ride is nearly ended now. We have but an easy descent of some 1,400ft, and we reach the survey camp, situated on the saddle, which the Wallaby Creek works have to cross where we have to spend the night. It was made as pleasant to us as kindly hospitality could make it, combined with the deliciously cool mountain air, and the pale moonlight which, after nightfall, poured over the lofty tree tops into the little forest clear- ing, and touched all the tents and bark roofs with silvery radiance. After our ride of 16 miles over the rugged mountain crest we wanted no rocking to enjoy in ample mea- sure the sleep of the just and the weary. Next day we rode along the new channel which is being constructed to bring the water of Wallaby Creek to our taps in Melbourne. The channel winds its serpentine way along what engineers call a contour line, which follows all the irregularities of the ground, and secures a level modified by the slight fall of 3ft. in a mile, We canter along the narrow tramway which ia formed on the bank by the aide of the channel, and used to bring the granite pitchers from the quarry at the end of the line. Our horses' hoofs make a loud clatter as they beat on the wooden sleepers of the tramway. And just here I have to make a confession of equine frailty on the part of my staunch, sturdy pony. Here and there along the line, and especially, ob it seemed to me, at the narrowest parts, where the slope at the side was the deepest, there stood on end cement barrels, the con- tents of which were used in "grouting" the granite pitching of the aqueduct. Now I admit that these casks—-covered, as some of them were, with a bag, and a stone on it to keep it in place—-had a rather grotesque and oddly knowing air. But then an intelligent quadruped, conscious of the sense of mystery, should explore the matter once for all to its depths, and have done with it. Well, he didn't do this. He never lost his feeling of suspicion of these cement barrels. He en- deavoured to sidle off from them as far as possible. And then a track of, I suppose, 2ft 6in. wide allows little scope for divergence. The result was that, in sweeping round a cement cask, his iron shoes were always clat- tering on the off iron rail in a way that no doubt made us both somewhat uncomfortable. This small weakness in an otherwise well balanced understanding is but a slight ble- mish, and perhaps it would have been more considerate to havw said nothing about it. The little improvised township at the head of the Wallaby Creek works had passed through a stage of development since I saw it some months ago. Then it was largely composed of canvas tents, now it is all of either paling or bark cottages or huts. I forbear to compare Mr Cornwell to the emperor who found Rome brick and left it marble. The most patient reader does not want to hear of the transmutation effected by that antique personage ever again. With the excavations scattered about the place looks like a mining township in its second stage, when the "rush" has settled into a "diggings" We walk over to the brawling stream of Wallaby Creek and ascend it for some distance where it tumbles over the rough rocks, foams down cascades, or rushes with arrowy velocity down the smooth bed of a granite "shoot." Its course will soon be tamed, and it will be broken in and bridled, and conducted quietly along the stone-lined channel we came up this morning till it is allowed to fling itself down the steps pre- pared for it on the other side of the "saddle," to join tho tributary known as Jack's Creek, and to merge into the waters of the Yan Yean reservoir instead of laving the shores of Riverina as part of the Murray. It is a land of springs and streams .At the camp where we spent last night a fine spring issued from a hole in the bank where the aqueduct works had cut it, and the water from it was led along a little channel to supply the wants of the whole camp. The aqueduct here crosses two or three fine streams of spring water, which will all be led into it in time, and help to swell the supply. Along here at Wallaby Creek a deep cutting on the hillside has exposed a long and broad face of rock, out of the whole surface of which water is copiously oozing, forming a beautiful stream where it is all collected at the base. At the granite quarry some distance up the creek, bright gurgling spring water is showing everywhere, racing down the face of the hill, bubbling up among the quarry refuse or streaming across the broad floor of the quarry. And yesterday, as we rode along the range top, our guide in advance was often turning half round to give a word of caution about one of the odd little wells two or three feet deep, half a foot in diameter, and all with water shining in the bottom, of which we passed so many. There is not much more to say of our delightfully pleasant mountain ride in the afternoon, after getting back to our camp, where we had lunch, we rode up the hill again to Yorkstown, and thence down by a long, rugged spur some miles in length to the foot of the mountain. The chief feature of the ride was the variety and beauty of the wild flowers and blossoming shrubs through which we passed, and which ought, I should think, to be worthy the attention of the florists. The bottom of the hill reached, we had nothing to do but canter away over the flats between us and Whittlesea, where our buggy awaited us, and thence to make the best of our way to Melbourne. Very few of the people of Melbourne have any conception of tho beauty and value of the great public estate which has been attached to the possessions of the city as a gathering ground for its water supply. It consists of a large tract of country covered with towering mountain ranges, clad with dense forests, and rich with streams and springs. By the watchful foresight of the proper authorities these have been from time to time reserved permanently for the pur- poses of the water supply of the metropolis. To secure the forests from havoc and devas- tation splitters and woodcutters have been excluded from the reserved areas. Not only the areas of the streams now utilised, but also those of all that may in any future be required have been or are to be added to the reserve. Vigorous efforts are being made to repair by planting the destruction that has taken place in the forest by the careless axe of the splitter and the more devastating bush- fire. Nature, as we have seen, is co-operating with all her manifold teeming energies in the work. In planting the object is kept in view of combining the elements of beauty utility, which nature never dissevers When the plans now being worked upon are all carried out we shall have a large mountain region covered by a noble and luxuriant forest all of the numerous streams of which will be flowing along stone lined channels under shading trees, and delivering themselves into the supply which ministers to the wants and comforts of the citizens of Melbourne. We cannot, then, regard this region merely as a gathering ground, a mere magnified pipehead. It will be a vast natural park, and it may be added, one of the finest so preserved in the world. It may not have the magic of Estes-park, in the Rocky Mountains, and it certainly will not exhibit the marvels of the Yellow- stone, or of the Hot Spring district of New Zealand. But in one respect, in the beauty and magnificence of its forests, it will rival any similar region anywhere on the earth's surface. It will at the same time be an example, and, let us hope, a stimulus to whatever other works of reforestation may be carried on in other parts of the colony. When this noble estate is thus founded and perfected, it will be secure from the greed of the most grasping of Treasurers, or the time serving recklessness of the most unscru- pulous of Land Ministers. It is satisfactory to know that the present Ministerial head of the department, Mr. Young, is fully alive to the great importance of the work in progress for securing and restoring this forest to its primitive richness and beauty, and heartily seconds the proposals made to this effect. It is in such works as these that the present, while supplying immediate wants, also pre- pares a splendid legacy for the future, and gives admirable realisation to the spirit of the antique precept, Spartam nactus es, hanc exorna. 