THE MAITLANDS. By Frank Morley. ' Well, good bye, old fellow. Iwislilcould go with you. I hear tho snipe are very thick up at Bargooma, don't forget to send me down a few braeo if you havo any luck.' ' I won't forgot,' said Victor Lovison to his friend Inspector Smith, of the Detectiva force who had accompaniod liim as far as tho Spencer-street Station. ' And, I say, old boy,' continued tho detective, who looked more like a doctor or a lawyer, than o mem ber of tho force,' don't bo making lovo to tha pretty girl in the next carriage who, I acci dentally heard, is bound for the same hospit able house as yourself.' 'No fear of that' said Levison with a smilo ; ' you know I am a confirmed woman hater.' ' I know you say so ; but methinks you do protest too much sometimes.', 'I never was moro in earnest; and, if it was not that I had promised my old friend Campbell to pay him a visit, I should feel half inclined to postpone my holiday until I was suro that tho coast was olear of girls wha _ aro tho speoial plagues sent by an unkind,'. provideneo to punish us for our sinB.' Viotor Lovison was a handsomo yoang fol low of five and twenty, and as tho train moved away from tlio Spencer-street Station, ho lay back with a half resigned half melan oholy air and lit a cigar whioli he smolted in a semi- unoonsoious fashion whilo ho gazed out at the shifting panorama which ho evi dently saw only with lii3 physical organs, whilo his spiritual faculties wero engaged in somo introspcctivo problems. Ho looked a very well-to-do gentleman too ; and ono upon whom the cares of this world sato lightly. Abovo tho middlo height, well formed and athlotio, thero was something in his faco which denoted tho man of thought as well as of action. Thero was a frank look in his clear grey oyes that inspired confidence, whilo thoy had a knack of blazing up sud denly at any exoitemont, or sparkling with fun when tho occasion offered, which formed a happy contrast to their habitual look of calm thoughtfulness. Tho second son of Gilbert Lovison, Viotor had ohoson the profession of a barrister, and if ho had only devoted liis energies and talents to his profession, ho would probably have mado his mark in it ; but ho was something of a dreamer, and, if ho had decided for the law, it was only to escapo from a profession even moro distasteful. He courted tho muses, ?which was sufficient to put liim outside tho pale of decent sooiety; and men who dealt in coals by tho wholesale, or who trafficked in beef and mutton, while still in tho condition of bullooks and sheep, or who mado their fortunes by the careful selection of cwos and rams, looked upon him with a sort of contemptuous pity, as much as to say : ' well, there's a clover sort of ne'er-do-weel, who writes books and poems and that sort of trash instead of buying and soiling and mak ing money — he'll como to no good !' This sort of thing in tho abstract, did not annoy Viotor Lovison — it rather amused him ; but when it came to interfering between him and tho girl he loved, it caused a bitterness in liis heart, which occasionally found vent in bitter and caustic words, and intensified the feeling of antagonism already existing. 'I wonder who the girl is, that Smith spoke of,' murmured Levison, as he pitched his cigar out of the window, and yawned pro digiously. 'Going to Archie Campbell's is she ? Governess perhaps ; and good-looking, Smith says. 'Well if she is — and I must say Smith has a tolerable tasto in womankind — I may perhaps fall in love with her, out of sheer spite. Yet I can't help thinking that there must havo been somo underhand in fluence at work, to make Lucy break off our engagement. Tho last time I saw her, poor girl, sho seemed nearly heart-broken. I swear she loves me, and I know I love her ; then ?what tho . . . but there? cursing won't mend matters — let mo read her letter again.' ' Dearest Victor — If you knew tho grief that fills my heart while 1 write this letter, which is to' release you from our engagement, you would 1 pity me. I am torn between my love and my' duty. I love you, Victor, I love you ; and I om not afraid to say so, for you are good and . noble, and I gave you my heart, when you told mo, in your own sweet passionate words, that you loved mo. Oh, Victor, do not think harshly of me. Bear with me, though I cannot reveal to you the cause of our separation. It is — it must be, God help me — enough that I can never marry you. My load is sufficiently heavy to bear in parting with you, without feeling that you think unkindly of mo. Let us meet no more, for I fear myself. My tears blot out tho words, as I write farewell. — Your own, Lucy.' ' Poor girl 1' said Levison, as ho kissed the letter, while a not unmanly tear mingled with those of his lovo which already stained tho unconscious paper, ' poor girl 1 it is now nearly twelve months since sho wroto that letter, and I havo never heard of her since in spite of the utmost efforts of Inspector Smith and tho whole of the detective staff. I wonder what can be tho duty she talks about. I expect Bome of her relations have been telling her that I am not exactly orthodox — a sort of Bohemian, which, to some minds, is equivalent to heathen — and Bhe considers it her duty to tear herself away from tho world, the llesh, and — the . devil in the shape of myself. But then, so far as I know, she had no relations except her father and mother ; the father I .never met, and although the old lady was extremely orthodox, albeit, I must confcss, a littlo vul gar, it never struck me that sho had any objections to a Bohemian son-in-law. Well ! well ! I givo it up,' and Victor Lovi son resigned himself witha sigh to the task of smoking a second cigar. In the meantimo the train sped on its way at the usual high rate of speed adopted on the Victorian Bail ways of about ten miles an hour, pulling up every eight or nine miles to put down or take up some passenger, nnd making the most hideous and blood- curdling noises at every stoppage, with an abominable contriv ance which is dignified with the namo of a break. Past interminable paddocks enclosed by post and rail fences, wherein sheep and cattle grazed in peace, apparently indifferent to the huge monster which rushed frantically by them belching forth liro and smoke ; past queer little melancholy looking huts, liko glorified dog kennels, standing in solitary grandeur on bleak-looking plains, and each bearing witness to the former existence of a free selection, and the present existence of a freehold dummy block ; past miles upon miles of rich grazing land, where Horefords and short-horns waxed fat, while their owners wero kicked by tho friends of tho people to eke out tho balance of the proverb ; past State schools, where the rising genera tion stopped playing for a moment or two to oheer tho locomotive on its way, or yell de fiance at the monster according to their bumour for tho time being ; past level oross itgs whero queer old cripples, who were help less enough to bo members of Parliament, opened and shut the gates as if opening nnd shutting gates was the chief end of man ; past grand-looking mansions, eaoh of which some simple- minded squatter had built up in defiance of all the canons of art, and- most of whom had died shortly after tho erection of theso palatial structures ; past, or rather through endless miles of black wattles, planted apparently for the sole purpose of some day, adding fuel to a huge bush-fire, fated to con sume passengers and train in one vast holo oaust ; and then, after having religiously stopped fifteen times in less than a hundred and fifty miles, tho panting engine pulls up at a sort of one-horse station, which is for the time being a terminus. Viotor Lovison was aroused from a reverie by tho demand for his ticket, and then ho found himself at the mercy of the cabtrion who quarrelled over his gun-caso and portmanteau and rug, until, having settled their dispute in thoir own way, he found himself seated in a melancholy looking eab vis a vis to the fair incognito, whose destination was tho same as his own. CHAPTER II. Edward Maitland was a wealthy landed proprietor in ono of the riohest pastoral dis tricts of Victoria. He had one Bon* Walter, of whom he was not a little proud, but with whom he was, perhaps, a little severe. Mait land p6rc was extremely afraid of his son Walter making a mesalliance — possibly, .be cause ho himself had married his father's cook, and was afraid that such littlo peculiarties were hereditary. However that may be, Walter was perfectly certain, that if ho did marry beneath him, his father would straight way cast him off -with the proverbial shilling. This was probably tho reason why, with that strango perversity that makes the majority of peoplo long for the precise thing that thoy are warned to shun, Mr. Walter Maitland fell over head and cars in lovo with tho pretty daughter of John Morrison, a poor but honest selector in Gipps Land. Walter was a rd mantio youth in thoso days — he was ? but twenty years of age — and it afforded him a strange and fearful delight to masquerade in his shooting excursions under tho name of Walter Brown. ? Under the name of Walter Brown ho married pretty Jano Morrison, and straightway took a snug littlo cottage for her in a bubtirb of Melbourne, There .is no use o£ living undor. ciroum Btances whioh savour ol the romantic, unless it is dono properly; and, therefore, Walter made up his mind that he would keep his wifo ignorant of what he considered his oxaltod origiu until ho became his own mastor. In tho meantimo, ho gavo out that ho was a commcroial traveller for a soft goods houso in tho oity. This was a very soft thing, indeed, if it had boon analysed; but Mrs. Brown know no moro about softgoods than Mr. Brown, and sbo was, of courso, undor tho impression that, when hor husband was away visiting tho paternal aores, ho was po rambulating tho country in thoso gorgeous vehiolos so much affected by oommeroial gontlomdn. The only person who know of tho little comedy, besides Walter himself, was his cousin, Henry Maitland. Years rolled on, but Mr. Waltor Maitland, much to tlio surpriso of his aristocratic frionds, remained a confirmed bachelor. Mr. and Mrfi. Waltor Brown wero blessed with onofair daughter, whom tho perspicuous reader will immediately reeogniso as Luoy, who so strangely disappeared from tho kon of hor lover, Viotor Levison. The auspicious birth of a daughtor mado an additional attraction to the romantio dovo coto of Mr. Waltor Brown alias Maitland. But Walter continued tho oven tonor of his way. Ho was happy in his cottage as Waltor Brown, and ho was happy on liis father's station as Waltor Maitland. In either caso ho was a happy-go-lucky, careless, romantic dog, who liu0gcd hi3 own little mystery to his own heart, and never thought that any harm would come of it. All iu good timo ho would appear as tho prince in tho fairy tale, and carry his astonished wife and no less astonished oliild to his palatial and ancestral homo. But whon one, with- the best intentions in tho world, begins telling lies, or living lies, things don't ' pan out,' properly always. Ten years after his marriage his fathor died and ho succeeded to the property. Now, whether it was that he was ashamed of his wifo ; or whether, as some havo whispered, that he had another wife somewhere else ; or whether, simply that he was too easy going to alter the life which had grown habitual to him we cannot say : but, certain it is, that after the death of his father, and up to the time of his own — accidental death wo were go ing to say, but deliberate murder is tho phrase required — ho continued his dual oxistonce. Walter1 was always an easy going, honest, careless soul; and. we don't believe: a word about the rumoured second wife. His faults wero numerous enough; but his principal .weakness was a pernicious habit of ' letting ?things slido;' and shunting off work of any kind and respohsiblities of all kinds On to other shoulders. The pair of shoulders which took ?the most of this work. wero those of his cousin' Henry. Htinry Maitland was- a clover' man with a keen, dark eyo ' which, to' a close ob'ser- r yer, had- a slightly trea- j cherous look, and his j face, when lie was not i wearing ' his ' 'society | mask, had a' hungry av- § aricious expression. A [ good physiognomist { would havo' said that . | he was a miser-; a good ] phrenologist- would 1 have put him down as ;! a first class murderer ; 'I thoy would both havo been -right.- Honry § Maitland had a badly ] balanced head. He had . an abnormal develop ment; of two organs — very - useful in their place but ' dangerous . ! when in excess— acqui- sitiveness anddest.ruo tiveness. Henry Maitland was I ; Walters only surviving ?? ! relative. If Walter died.' ! intestate lie would suc ceed to tho property, j Tho only thing that !; stood in tho way wns i\ the wife and daughter, j How to get over this jj difficulty was tho ques- r tion. i ' Watty old boy,' i said Henry with tho as- j; sumption of bluff hear tiness and good hum our, which ho adopted always when not abso lutely alono — this as sumption of good na tural roughness was tho mask under which ho found it most conveni ent to do the meanest of his actions — 'Watty old boy, I want to talk seriously to you.' 'Oh bother 1 What is it?' ' It is a matter which affects tho, .welfare . of your wifo and child.' 'Of my wifo and . child?' said Walter mu ingly. 'Yes- 1 ought to bring them up hero. What does it matter liow peoplo will talk. Married for the last sov enteen years under an j assumed namo. After I all it will only be a nine days wonder. Ye3, you aro quite right, Henry, I must bring them up ai once.' ' That is a very good resolution, bravo 1' oried Henry in his most honest and effusive style : I am glad to hear you talk like that, but that is not what X was thinking about, dear boy.' ' Of what thon?' ' Have you made your will, Walter ?' . ' No.' ' Careless follow.' ' Why I don't look liko dying, do 1 1' ' No, but we aro all mortal, and if you wore to die without making your will, seo what possibilities of trouble might arise. You ought to think of your wifo and daugh ter.' ' You are a good fellow Harry,' said Walter impulsively, 'let mo do it at onco; you'ro soribe enough for that I'm suro.' ' Of courso I can do it,' replied Harry slowly, ' but had you not better get it dono by a lawyer?' 'Oh, hang lawyers! Thoy only confuse things. Threo lines will do it. I'll leave all my property to Luoy, subjeot to tho payment of £1000 a year to my wife, and a thousand a year to you old boy, and the thing is dono.' 'Well, yes, of course, that's simple enough, and if you wish me to do it, I'll draw up a will to-morrow.' 'Do, there's a good fellow, and then tho thing will bo off my mind.' ' Next day Henry stayed at homo, and Wal ter rode into tho township upon somo business. Henry was very busy all day writing out tho will, in tho most elaborate legal stylo, with the help of some legal handbooks. After writing out ono will, ho wroto out another. In tho first will he had disposed of tho property as Walter Maitland instruoted him. In the second will, ho transposed tho names in suoh a way, as to leave tho bulk of tho property to 'my cousin, Henry Maitland,' and one thousand a year to MiBS Jano Mor rison, commonly known as Mrs. Walter Brown. Tho two pieces of foolscap wero exactly tho samo in appearance to start with. Honry Maitland, to still farther inorcaso tho decep tion, made .a series of elaborate, but appa rently accidental, blotohes upon tho first will ; and then, with a most commendablo patience, proceeded to mako fao simile blotohes upon the socond will. The two wills .were in ap pearance, identical. After ho had finished his task, Henry, went to tho gun raok, took out Waltor's breech-loader, and took it down to tho blaoksmith's shop. Thoro was nobody about, as Henry had sent tho blacksmith to hang a gate, at tho extreme end of the run. With somo ourious tools, he worked away in dustriously, at tho inside of tho left' hand barrel, until ho was apparently satisfied. ! Whon ho had finished; thoro was a perceptible oraok,: or groovo, in tho barrel, about six in ches from tho brocoh. -This crack ho filled up with grease, until it was no longer to bo soon, whon looking through the barrol, and having finished his work to his entiro satis faction, ho returned to the houso, and roplacod tho gun in tho raok. When Waltor returned in tho ovoningrhe read tho will first writton, with many groans at its length. 'That is about what you want, isn't it?' asked Honry ohoorfully. ' Oh yes 1' said Walter, throwing it on tho table with a sigh of relief. ' I suppose you had bettor get in a oouplo of tho men to witness it.' Henry picked up the will, and walking carelessly over to tho fire-placo, rang tho boll. It did not require muoh sloight-of-liand to conceal tho will Walter had just road, and return to his seat with tho fao simile in his hand in plaoo of tho original. Tho house maid now appeared in responso to tho ring, nnd sho was instruoted to send Thompson, tho overseer, and Blake, tho boundary ridor, in. Tho fraudulent will was lying on tho table. In fivo minutes it was duly signed, sealed, and delivered, and in fivo minutes moro it was securely looked up in Mr. Walter Maitland's private safe. Then Mr. Henry Maitland planned a shoot ing excursion for tho following morning. Tho most exponsive guns aro not absolutely safo ; and when Mr W alter Maitland's dead body was brought into tho houso, Honry Maitland said ho would never havo confidence in ono of thoso now-fanglod breech-loaders again. CHAPTER IH. Viotor Levison'a curiosity had been roused by tho romark of detective Smith as to the good-looking girl in tho next carriage ; and, therefore, when ho found himself sitting op posite to the fair unknown, in a stuffy littlo eab, his first impulse was to try and get a look at hor faco. But in this ho was com pletely baulked, for tho younglady persistently kept her faco muflled up in a thick veil. 'Sho has got a pretty foot at all' events,' said Viotor to himself,' and a beautiful figure. The pose of hor head is simply superb, and what lovely hair ; the very colour of Lucy's.' All at onco tho thought ruahed into Victor's mind — the conviction almost — that it was indeed Luoy. His heartfelt strangely op pressed; his breath came in short quick gasp3 ; his faco flushed, aud his fingers seemed to burn and tremblo with an eager longing to touch tho hand, tho dress, tho hair ?of tho sweet girl who seomed to efface herBelf in tho farthest corner of tho cab as if to keep as far away from him]as possible. Lucy, on her part,J knew Viotor ; and all her passionate love for him which, in tho dear old days when thero was no barrier between them, had been fed on honied words and kept alive by tender caresses— whoso banished joys it was now an agony to remember — mado her bosom swell and her. heart throb painfully whilo sho could hardly control tho impulse to throw herself into her lover's arms, and sob out her agony on his boBom. Her blood ran cold the next moment, and her highly wrought feelings found relief in a sigh whioh, but for her fear of betraying herself, would havo been a moan. Viotor felt as if ho was standing on a: preci pice and was seized with a mad desire to fling himself over. Three or four times ho opened his lips to speak and as often the unspoken thought died upon his lips. His heart beat furiously. If it was Lucy, and he allowed her to escapo without speaking to her and en deavouring to clear up tho mystery of her dis appearance, ho would curse his prudery as long as ho lived. But, if tho young lady was a stranger, upon what possible pretext could ho address hor at all. And then it could not possibly bo Luoy, or she would have spoken. Yet, in spito of all his arguments against tho possibility of its boing tho girl lio loved, ho felt surrounded and steeped in an atmosphere chargodwith emotions suoh as he only felt when in tho presence of ono woman. Tho situation was becoming painfully tenso. Tho atmosphero of that cab was charged with love's electricity, and it is diffi cult to say what would have happened if a lightning conductor, in tho shapo of Henry Maitland had not cnterod tho vehiolo at that moment. Henry Maitland was , on his way to Melbourno, and had purchased his ticket when ho chanced to look into the lady's car riage. Ho saw Luoy, and his guilty oon scionco, ovor on tho watoh for possiblo dis covery of his crimes, made him suspect that Lucy's appearance in tho district boded no good for him. Aftor ho had accomplished his purpose so olovorly of murdering his cousin Walter by manipulating his breeoli-leador so artistically, he had interviewed Mrs. Walter Brown, Lucy's mother. Ho explained to hor tho oxact position of affairs as a candid friend. His explanation was oharming in its sim plicity, and could not possibly havo deceived anyono but the simple-minded woman whom ho took the troublo to deceive. According to him Waltor Maitland had married Jane Morrison under an assumed name. Waltor Brown, in fact,, had married Jane Morrison. Walter Maitland had' died, and Waltor Mait land being also Walter Brown, it followed that Walter Brown had died; But nobody knew Waltor Maitland as Walter Brown ex cept he himself, Henry Maitland ; and ho was not only not, going to identify Walter Mait land- as Walter Brown,- but ho would abso lutely swear that no Buoh identity existed. If sho persisted in claiming Walter Maitland as her husband ho would denounce her as an impostor, and swear that aho, Mrs. Brawn, was Waltor Maitland's mistross; that ho know Waltor Brown woll enough, and that ho had simply disappeared in ordor to lend a colour to her claim. Ho wont bo far as to say that sho was not really married from tho fact of her having married Maitland under tho namo of Brown. That Waltor himself was aware of this, and as damning ovidonco of that he produced the will, in whioh ho had loft to Miss Jano Morrison, commonly known as Mrs. Walter Brown, £1000 per annum. All this, was liko a hideous dream to Lucy's mother ; and she was so overwhelmed with tho apparent completeness of tho thing, that sho was porfeotly helpless and utterly in capable of seoing her way out of the difficulty. Tho ono hideous appalling fact that stood out boldly in all the entanglod surroundings, and struck coldly to hor heart and turned hor head dizzy, was that sho was not married to tho father of tho child, and that hor child was a bastard. Sho dared not toll Luoy, but in hor feverish mutterings whon tho terrible , blow laid her upon a bed pf sickness, her daughter gathored so much that sho was compelled to tell her all — and believing herself that sho had been deceived, tho sad story was imparted in Buoh a way that Lucy was compelled, in spito of herself, to think tho samo. It was a crushing blow to tho poor girl. Sho was so proud of hor father, so fond of hor mother. And to think that all this time her father had lived a lio I But whon sho thought of her love — of Viotor — it almost drove hor mad. There was but ono thing to be done. They must dis appear from the sceno arid blot out tho past; thoy could live whore their story was un known. Parting with Viotor was tho severest trial, but she could not endure tha thought of linking her sullied name to that of the man sho loved too well to drag down to her level. Thus she wrote hor parting letter to Viotor, and this is why Bho dreaded his discovering her. Luoy and her mother had a hard struggle. She was now on hor way to Bar gooma as govorness to Mrs. Campbell, who knew the whole of hor sad story. Henry Maitland, being a high-olass villain, knew that tho fietion ho had so industriously elaborated, would not stand investigation. As long as Luoy and her mother wero alive thero was danger. Lucy was oven moro dangerous than her mother; and, thereforo, when ho saw her in tho railway carriago, and saw hor afterwards tako her seat in the oab whioh was to tako ?her to tho coach office, he changed his mind jjabout going to Melbourne, and determined to ffind out her destination. | ^With this object ho also got into tho oab ; and if tha reader wishes to know how long it takes to go through all tho different emotions and lifo experiences which wo havo attempted to desoribo, and traoo to thoir souraes from tho beginning of the ohapter up to this point,' the cabman, if he wero at tho Bamo time ob servant and truthful, would probably inform him that tho timo was three minutes. Tho entrance of Honry Maitland into the cab was a relief to Viotor and Lucy. Not that ho was a desirable companion, but tho emotional currents wero diverted, and both Luoy and Viotor breathed more freely for his presence, although Lucy knew him ond loathed him, whilo Victor didn't know him, and didn't want to know him. The cab drove up to the coach office ; and as soon as tho luggage was arranged, and tbo mails put on tho rack, and in the boot, and under the seats, and wherever thoy could find a placo to stow thom, tho coaoh started out of tho thriving township of Tolora with tho usual plunge of the near wheoler, without whioh, it is apparcntly impossiblo for Cobb & Co. to get away.: He was a cranky bruto that near sido . wheeler, and Jaok M'Lean, tho driver, told Victor — who was sitting alongsido him — in a confidential whisper, that the ani mal was a ' blooming fraud.' Thero was another gentlemen on the box seat, and Luoy ? was inside, where, also, Henry Maitland had eleotedtogo. Although tho weather for the last few days had been fine on the coast and a short dis tance inland, . tho country about Tolora gave ovidonco of heavy rainfall/ Thero had been steady rain for threo or four days higher up tlio country- also ; and all tho oreeks wero running bank high. Tho road crossed tho valley of the Tolora oreek, about ton miles out of tho township. Tho oreek.had overflown its banks, and when tho coach arrived at the edgo of tho water, it was evident that it would tako vory careful piloting to get through with safety. Tho cur rent was not rapid, and tho water was not moro than four feet deep on the average ; but theso floods, whioh look so innocent, have a nasty habit of working deep holes' in the bluo clay, which forms tho bed of tho valley, and if the coaoh, by acoident, got into one of theso holes, it would bo a serious matter. All this was known to Henry Maitland, who was also porfeotly acquainted with tho traok aoross. A diabolical idea suddenly entered his head. If ho could entico tho driver of tho coaoh into ono of theso huge holes, tho insido passengers of tho coaoh would bo certainly drowned. Luoy onco out of tho way, he would bo safe. ?Tho ebacli stopped at the edgo of the water. ? 'Can any gentleman drivo tho coaoh after mo through this swamp; if I'get a horse and pilot the way,' asked tho driver. 'I'll drive,' said Viotor, \yho was rather a, , good four-in-hand whip, i ; 'If you would allow mo to make a sugges tion,' said Mr. Maitland, ' I think wo can got ovor tho difficulty. Doubtloss this gontlo man,' referring to Viotor, 'is a profioiont driver, but I think Jack had bettor stick to tho ribbons. I will rido on, and aot as pilot.' ' All right, old son,' said Jack, ' you'ro a trump ; horo oomcs Bobby with a horso ; fire ahead I' and tho coaoh wont down stoadily into tho yollow turbulent wator, while Honry Maitland rodo on in front, with an angolio smile upon his faco, and murdor in his heart. OHAPTER IV. It was an exciting time. Tho turbidbrcadtli of flood water, which looked so innocent and pioturcsquo at a distance, took a now mean ing when it surged up against tho wheels of tho coach, and swirled angrily away on tho other side, as if it felt defrauded of its lawful prey. Tho near-Bido whoeler was restless and uneasy. Every now and again ho plunged his noso down into tho turbid waters, and thon flung it up with a jerk, as if ho had seori a snake, snorting and plunging all the time evidently in tho most abject terror. About thirty yards ahead of tho coach, Honry Maitland piloted tho way. Tho coaoh was now about half-way across. ' Hi 1 boss, ain't you going toomucli to tho loft?' yolled tho driver. ' It's all right, you follow my track,' called back Maitland over his shoulder. ' His traok sooms to me darned peculiar,' muttered Jack under his breath, as ho took a fresh hold of the near wheeler's rein. The track was peculiar. Maitland seomed to be picking his way, going a littlo to tho right and then to the loft. Tho wator loft no trace of his passage, and tho driver, in spite of himself, always kept following him in a boo line. Thoy were within about two hundred yard3 of tho landing plaoo, when suddenly tho near wheeler lost his footing. He was out of his depth. Tho leaders had swerved to ono side and had escaped the hole. Instantly the driver jammed down the break, and stopped the coaoh, which, of courso, had only been going at a walking paco. Fortunately, tho leaders were tractable, and stood still. Tho off-side wheelor instinctively recognised his danger, and planting his feet firmly, held up against his struggling companion. Tho mo ment was ono of imminent danger. The frantic horse plunged and reared, now feeling tho bottom with his hind feet, and now plunging head foremost into the boiling water. His struggles were becoming weaker. In two minutes ho would be drowned, but beforo that ho would probably' startle tho other horses, and drag the coach into the abyss, smi&i; Jaok M'Lean dared not loave tho reins. Victor, in tho meantime, had got over the dash board and, at the risk of his life, was walking out on tho polo to endeavor to looso the horse by unbuckling tho reins and pole strap, and unhooking the traces. The first step, however, along the pole, showed him that the thing was impossible. In an instant he was baok again, and plunging off tho seat, he swam up to tho struggling animal, and be gan operations by trying to let go the traces. Butjthoy wero bo tightly drawn and tense, that his efforts wero hopeless. Then ho be thought him of his knife. With a few rapid strokes tho traces, pole-straps, and reins were cut, and the half-drowned animal was freo, and presently staggered up the bank, more doad than alive. Viotor now turned his attention to tho lady in tho coaoh. Looking out of tho window was tho frightened visage of a travelling preaoher, who, coming thus far to preaoh tho gospel to tho heathen, was now more anxious for the safety of his own body from water than tho souls of other peoplo from fire. Behind the parson who, to do him justice, had tried to keep up his own oourago and comfort his follow passenger, stood Luoy, who had watched Viotor throughout the exciting sceno, her face whito and her hands .unconsciously clasped in- the attitude of sup plioation. Wading to the door, Viotor opened it and said, simply : ' Aro you muoh frightened my darling ?' 'I was not thinking of myself, Viotor-; only of you. It seemed so terrible strug gling in tho water with that half-maddened horse.'. They stood for a ? moment with ? tightly clasped hands. It waa a momont of bliss. All tho past was forgotten. Then Luoy gently withdrew her hands and shivered slighty, as the barrier between Viotor and herself onco more rose beforo hor. ' Come, my darling, I will carry you to the bank,' Baid'her lover. Ho took her in his strong arms ; and Viotor was repaid for all tho past twelvemonths of hopo deferred as he felt her fluttering heart boat against his own. 'You will nover leave mo moro,' lie whis pered. ' Oh, Victor I you don't know, you don't know ...' ' And I don't want to know. All I know is that I lovo you ; and you told mo onco that you loved me; and wo aro going to bo married in spito of creation ; and we'll bo married at Bargooma, for I won't trust you out of my sight any moro; and wo'll go away to Tas mania for our honeymoon, and be back in timo to spend the Christmas holidays with my old friend Campbell, to whoso houso wo are both going now if I am not mistaken.' ?This was all said with so muoh decision, and in i suoh .-at matter-of-course i tone, that; Lucy could only cry ailontly', whilo' a great joy filled her soul, and sho unoonsciously nestled oloser to tho big heart of the man who was carrying hor in hiB arms like a ohild. Tho lovers woro bo absorbod in their own affairs that thoy did not notioo tho presonco of a well-appointed drag whioh just then drovo up, drawn by four Bpanking bays, hold woll in hand by a ohcerful-looking young gentloman of about fifty Bummers, whose whito hairs seomed absurdly out of placo when taken in connection with his sparkling oyes and jovial, boyisli-looking face. ' Bravo Victor I Well dono my boy 1' thon he added, in a serio-comic tone, ' bless you both, my children.' ' Hallo Campbell I is that you ?' ' All that is left of mo. And this young lady is Miss Brown, I know from hor photo graph. Jump up both of you ; and if that villain Firestick will stop plunging for half a second, I'll shako hands with you in tho in terval. Now, my boy, you look uncommonly liko a drowned rat— oxcuso my flattering simile— so wo'll drivo ovor to Simpsons for a oliango of olothos, and thon wo'll mako Bar gooma at tho rato of fifteen miles an hour-' .a,' But what about tho luggago?' ' Ohl that'll be all right. I'll lea vo word of tho accidcnt as wo pass tho company's stables, and thoy will sond assistance.' Whon thoy arrived at Bargooma they woro cordially welcomed by Mrs. Campbell, who kissed Lucy aa if sho woro an old friend, and insisted upon her going straight to bed after tea. 1 Tho next fow days passed pleasantly for Lucy in a lifo which was entirely new to her. Victor learned from Mrs. Campbell tho secret which, in Lucy's estimation, raised such a barrier between himself and hor. The know ledge only helped to endear herto him thomore. Ho pleaded so earnestly that at length sho consented to become his wife. In tho mean timo he determined to probe tho mystery to the bottom. He communicated with deteo tivo Smith, who immediately mado an exami nation of the books of tho Registrar, and found tho marriage duly recorded of Walter Brown and Jano Morrisson. Tho difficulty, of courso, was to identify Waltor Maitland with Walter Brown. Thero would have been of course, no difficulty immediately after tho death of Walter, for thoso who knew him under either name could havo identified tho body as belonging to tho man they knew under either designation and tho mystery would havo been solved. But now that he had been dead for over a year, such a solution was impossible. Detective Smith who had como up to Bar gooma was at his wits end. Viotor was striving after impossible combinations of the most intricate theories, when the whole thing was put into a nutshell by a very innocent re mark by Mrs. Camp bell. ' Have you a photo graph of your father, my dear?' she said to Lucy. Lucy produced a pho tograph of her late father, Walter Brown. Mrs. Campbell had in her album a photo graph of Walter Mait land. They wero not from the same negative, nor by the samo artist ; but there was no mis taking the identity of the original. The photo graph of Walter Brown and that of Waltor Maitland were both taken from tho samo individual. ' Tho ap paratus can't lie' and the ipse dixit of the sun is indisputable Inde pendently of the general likeness which strikes the eyo, there is the reproduction of every line and scar and mark and microscopically minute fissure with ab solute exactness. Not two faces in a million are tho samo in one line. But, since the creation of the world, if all the faces that ever saw the light were compared, no two faces would be found that had all the lines tlio same. The photograph and the microscope together are infallible. The mystery was a mystery no lon ger. After tho ladies had retired, tho three gentle men continued tho dis cussion. MVliat is your opinion of the mat ter, Smith?' said Vic tor. ' What sort of a man was Walter Maitland?' said tho detective, ad dressing Mr. Campbell. 'A thoroughly lion ouraDio man; but ono of tlio most carelcss easy going follows that over I met, and complotoly dominated by tho superior in tellect of liis cousin Honry.' ' Thon,' said tho dotoctivo, iu a thoughtful tone, ' ho never signed that will with tho knowledge of its tonour. It Jb my opinion that Walter Mait land lias been duped ; nnd his death, on the follow ingdav, makes mo think thnt ho was also murdorod.' ' By. whom ? ' asked Mr. Campboll, eagerly. ' By tho man who benefitted most by his death.'' CHAPTER V. Henry Maitland's property adjoined Bargooma. Tho two homesteads woro about fivo miles apart. Maitland was not muoh of a sportsman himself — ho was too keen and too engor in his pursuits of wealth to indulge in such frivolities ; but, with his usual cunning, ho pretended an enthusiasm which ho did not feel for sport, in order to keep up his assumed character of bluff carolessnoss and good nature. On Ids property, howovor, wero many places famous as tho favourito haunts of snipe. Tho first shooting of tho season was gonorally to bo obtained along tho duck-haunted creeks, and round tho edges of the rich swamps of -Yambaar, which was tho namo of his station. Since tho death of Walter Maitland thero wero strango whispers as to tho peculiar lifo led by tho presont proprietor, Honry Maitland. Although, whon ho mixed with tho neighbours, or whon his business took liim into tlio nearest township, thero was no apparent difForonco in tho man, it was rumoured that ho shut himself up periodically, and had prolonged bouts of solitary drinking. One day, about a fortnight after tho arrival of Victor and Lucy at Bargooma, Honry Maitland rodo ovor, to invito Mr. Campboll and his friends to a days Bnipo-shooting. Lucy had no suspicion that ho was hor father's murderer; but Bho know tho part lio had acted after hor father's death, and she shuddered as lib insisted upon shaking hands with lier, after tho formal ceremony of introduction. . Victor Lovison and Dotcctivo Smith had thoir own reasons for appearing on friondly terms with tlio man whoso crimes they were endeavouring to traco. They did not wish to arouso his suspicions, and tlieroforo thoy accoptcd his invitation with ap parent pleasure. ' You will bring tlio ladies too, Campboll,' said Maitland, in parting, 'wo will mako a regular pic-nic of it. It is not often that I liavo tho pleasure of acting as host to fair ladies.' Thus saying ho doffed his hat with tho grace of a cavalicr, and cantered off, tho beau ideal of a good-natured, jovial, country gontloman. ' What a consummate hypocrite tho man must bo,' said Victor. 'But lio dccoives nobody,' quiotly remarked tho host, ' ho cannot constantly woar tho mask, and every now and thon tbo voil is lifted, by somo slight exprossion, a look, a word, tlio turn of a sontonco, which rovcals tho liiddon thought ; ho is most disliked by thoso who know him best.' 'Well, I suppose wo will go ovor to Yambaar to-morrow?' 'I think so; wo may possibly hoar soinothing, and, in any case, you can havo some good sport, whilo tho ladies will enjoy tbo drive.' Noxt morning the four-in-hand drove up to tho door, and soon tho party wero seated in tho drag. It was a glorious October morning. A slight shower tho previous night made the air appear . moro balmy than usual,, with tho scent of light- . wood and wattlo blossoms. As they drove down tho long avonuo, tho heavy odour, wafted from tho well- kept, gardon, proclaimed tho prosenco of tho swcot-scontod boronia, ovorpoworing its more deli cate neighbour, tho Daphne. As far as tho oyo could roach, a rich mantle of omorald groon spread out in gontlo undulations, whilo grouped about in pleasing irregularity, tho graceful lightwood added a charm of its own to tbo landscapo. At varying distances, and in every direction, tho gleam of water caught tho oyo, as littlo lakes of fantastic shapes, somo of which wero of groat dopth, and others morely shallow depressions, rccoivcd tho rays of tho rising sun, and rofiocted thom to tho oyo of tho obsorvor. Tho leaves of tho tall whito gums, sparkled liko diamond-studded trees of fairyland, as tbo slight brcczo mado tho loaves quiver, and tho adherent rain- drops also caught tho whito Bun-rays, and re flected thom back in tho raany- colonrod hues of tho rainbow. Tho air was vibrating with tho various sounds, ond heavy with tho exquiiito odours of a Spring morning in tho Australian bush. Tho musical noto of the magpio reverber atod from every treo, and tlio daring songstor only stopped his sweet noto occasionally, whilo lio mado o savago dart at anyono who dared to como near tho nost whoro his mato was attending to hor young brood. At a safo distance, groups of solemn-looking nativo companions could bo soon, engaged in picking up tho early worm, whilo every now ond again thoy would sound a noto of alarm, and thon sot to partnors and cliass6, to teach each other, liko amiable lunatics, dancing, on attenu ated stilts. In tlio meantime tlio bays woro going along in fino stylo, and thoir regular patter patter on tho turf mado a joyous music, which chimed in with ill tho surroundings of a glorious morning, and sont tho lifo-blood of old and young bounding through Uio voins liko quicksilver. Honrv Mait land mot them at tho door of his houso, but tlio party did not onter. Tho happy hunting grounds woro further on, so thoy immediately mado a start for tlio Warrarakk swamp. Thoro was a tent already pitched, and tho ladios wero left to Bkotcli and amuse tliomsolvos, whilo tho sp'ortsmon proceeded to tbo spot whsro tho snipo wero socn. It looked a vory likely spot indeed. A rich, black Bwamp with plonty of covor. Hero and thero wero clumps of acacia, whilo round tho edgo of tho swamp, giant red-gums spoko of continuous moistnro. Presontly, Maitland's -dog — a good onough-looking pointer, but badly brokon — blundored ahead, and startled a couplo of braco of snipo, which roso with a whirr out of range, and mado straight for tho other end of tho swamp. Maitland called in his dog with a curso ; and ho put his gun suddenly to liis sliouldor, as if to shoot tho animal, but thought better of it, and contented himself with throwing a stono at him. Presently, tho snipo began to riso in' ones and twos, and tho puns woro banging away merrily. Victor was a good shot, and mado somo brilliant execution with his right aud loft barrel; but, for steady and unorring precision, ho had to yield to Campbell, who nover missed with his right, and rarely with his left. Maitland shot fairly, in his turn beating Dotectivo Smith, whoso shooting evidently indicated want of practico. Tho snipo woro now rising thick and fast, and thero waB an almost continuous fusillade, which at length ceased, as tho birds that remained took flight for another swamp about two miles distant. Beforo returning to tho ladies, tbo sportsmen sat down to indulgo in a smolto and to count tho game hi thoir bags. Thero was tho usual sporting talk, largely egotistical, aud wonderfully imagi native as to remarkable shots, which appears to bo a necessity on thoso occasions ; but with this wo will not troublo tho roadcr. Henry Maitland seemed in no very amiablo mood. The conversa tion had turned into a channel which did not pleaso lum. It hinged upon tho wonderful way in which murder is brought to light. Detcctivo Smith was [full of ploasing anccdotes as to tho ; fortuitous way in which evidence is sometimes forthcoming. Ho instanced a caso whero a nephew had murdered his uncle becauso. tho old man was too long in dying. Tho uncle had ap- ' -parently been killed by falling down a woll. Tho ' nephew was his lioir, and assumed such a natural appearance of chastened grief, that no suspioiou of fold play aroso, and tho old man was buried. But tho nophow seemed haunted with somo kind of horrid- fascination in talking about'tlio death of his uncle — and in combatting an idea which no body but himself had entertained, that his death was other than accidental. Then tho nopliow be gan to drink, and strango expressions fell from his lips whilo half maudlin. Public suspicion was aroused, the wliolo of tho surroundings of tlio affair wero -minutely examined.- Faint links of evidenco wero accumulated, all pointing in tho ono direction; at length tho body was disinterred. Clutclicd in tho hands of tho dead man wero dis covered a fow hairs, which a microscopic oxami- . nation proved to belong to tho nopliew. This was the last link in tho chain. ' Bah ! ' broke in Maitland with a curso ; ' this is tho old goody- goody story of tho nursery, under ' a new form. Of courso tho nophew committed suicide, and then lived long enough to confess. I know ail about it.' 'No, my dear sir,' contined Smith, quietly, ' ho did not commit suicido and confcss. Ho was found guilty and hanged.' Mailtand roso with a muttered imprecation, and strodo towards his gun, which had left leaning against a tree. In his way ho came within reach of liis unfortnnato dog, and ho vontcd his wrath upon tho animal by giving it a vicious kick. Tho poor bruto, with a yolp of agony, rushed away ; and, in liis flight, knocked over his master's gun, which, exploding as it fell, tho chargo struck Maitland in tho head, and ho fell to tho ground apparently a lifeless corpso. CHAPTER VI. For days Honry Maitland lay in a semicon scious state. Tlio charge had struck him in tbo tomplo and literally blown a picco of tho skull away, exposing tbo brain. Tho gun, when it ox plodcd, was within a fow feet of him, aud thus tho chargo bad not timo to scatter. It was noted by tho servants, and commonted upon by tliem in awo struck whispers, that tho wound was in tho samo spot oxoctly as that which killed Walter Maitland. Whon, at length, ho camo to a stato of conscious ness, it was evident that his recovery was liopeloss. But tho feelings of tho wrotchcd man wero strangely, mixed with shame and remorse, whon ho found that tho constant and watcmul attend ants who ministered to him in his liclplessnoss and agony, wero Lucy and hor mother. Through all his delirium, visions of an angel faco and soft pitying oyes had floated through his brain, mixed with somo horriblo phantasmagoria of his past ovil lifo. Tho ono, tho bright vision, was tho reality ef Lucy ; tho other horrid spectros were the past improssions of his ovil deeds which had left thoir indeliblo imprint upon liiB soul, and whioh wero revivified by the approach of death. But in all his delirium ho had novor dropped a hint of the torriblo tragedy sufficiently clear to en lighten Lucy or her mother. Ho babbled of burst ing guns in a languago that, to thom, waB incom prehensible. But whon Yictor Lovison and Detec tive Smith heard him, thero was a flood of light thrown upon tho dark past. If Honry Maitland had lived ho would havo beon in danger of the gal lows ; but ho -did- not livo, and, beforo ho died, confessed his crimeB — not to Lucy, he could not do that — but to his neighbour Campbell, who took his dying depositions. Beforo his death ho wanted to mako a will, leaving tho whole of tbo proporty to Lucy and hor mothor; but this was con sidered unnecessary, as tho identification of Walter Brown with Waltor Maitland had established tho Btatus of wifo and daughter, and tho proporty of tho lato Walter Maitland of right bolongcd to them. Victor Levison aud Lucy Maitland woro married iu Novomber. Thero woro great rejoicings at Bargooma ; and tho woolshed was turned into a ball-room, whero all tho shearers, and boundary- riders, and smart young men for twonty miles around brought their girls and danced till daylight. And thon tho smart young mon put their pretty girl partners on horsoback, or into buggios, or waggonettes, or whatovor modo of convoyanco thoy preferred, and took thom homo through tho cool Novomber morning, beforo tho hot sun had timo to dry up tho sparkling dow-drops from tho grass which waved bo cool and green all around thom. Tho brido and bridegroom departed for Tasmania ; but thoy came back in timo to oat thoir Christmas , diunor at Yambaar, whero tho old lady had taken up hor abodo. Of course, tho CampbellB woro , .- there, and lots of other friends ; and, although it was too hot for dancing, thoy had lawn tennis and . . croquet in tho ovoning. And it was not too hot to sit in tho verandah and tall: ; and listen to Lucy and othor happy girls singing, in tho intervals of ' playing cards, or other indoor games. Ten years havo rolled away since tho events wo ' havo rolated took placo; but ovoiy year, aftor tho shearing is finished, tho woolshed at Yambaar is . ?cloarcd for a dance. Tho fow remaining wool bales that havo not gono to town servo as sup ports for long tables, where a gorgeous supper is 3et out ; tbo rafters aro hung with festoons of flowers and blossoms, and a band of music from tho nearest township eots a hundrod couples in motion to its inspiring strains. Tho dancing is vigorous, and in good timo, for tho cmvloyia of Yambaar and surrounding stations aro all devotees of Torpsiclioro. Mr. and Mrs. Lovison aro thero for tho first lialf-liour or so, and with them aro a couplo of sturdy boys, who look on with wonder and admiration, at tho gorgeous vision of Jans and Mary-Ann, tho housemaids; and Roso, tlio cook ; and Eupliemia, tho nurse ; flying round in tha arms of thoir respective lovers, to the intoxi- . eating strains of tho ' Blue Danube.' HENRI MA1TLAUD BODE ON IN FRONT, WITH AN ANOELIO SMILE ON HIS FAOE. AND MDBDEB IN HIS HEART. 