■ DISASTROUS FT RES AT ■ KJX YAP ELLA. A terribly destructive fire broke out at an early hour yesterday morning at Kanyapelia. Tho fire ranged orer a vast tract of country, carrying devastation and ruin with it. The extreme heat of the weather added to the fury of the conflagration, which would have caused still more wholesale destruction, had it not been for the exertions of the inhabi tants of the parish to stay its progress. Tho following selectors suffered great loss :—Mr. Easton, fencing and grass destroyed, but dwelling-house saved ; Mrs. Eisle lost grass, stables and fencing ; Mr. \Y. P. Graham, fencing, and grass consumed ; Mr. M'Leod, slight destruction of fencing ; Mr. Miller, all his grass burnt and nearly all tho fencing consumedMr. Doiiiaille, nearly all his fencing and grass. Amongst those who lent valuable aid in staying the progress of the flames and in saving property were Mr. Graliam, Mr. Frost (of the Kanyapelia State School), two sons of Mr. Stewart of the Goulburn Bridge and a few of his men, and a stranger who happened to be passing at the time. The house of Mr. Domaille was saved with difficulty, and Mr. Graham's paddock was described as being one sheet of flame. His house was saved by the debris within a circuit of 30 yards being raked clear, and in this operation he was materially assisted by neighbors. Up till a late hour last night the fire ivas still raging, and, driven by a northerly breeze, was progressing in the direction of Tongala. The Rev. J. C. Johnstone, M. A. was to have preached at the Kanyapelia Sunday School yesterday afternoon, but when he got there at three o'clock, he found bush-fires raging all round the district. All tho adults were away saving the property,of their neighbors, or looking after their own homesteads. Messrs. Laurence and Goodchild and Mrs. Stewart represented the congregation. The scholars were, therefore, dismissed, and Mr. Johnstone and Mr. R. P. Scott, after ren dering all the assistanco in their power, started back to apprise Mi-. M'Bride of the danger to his paddock. 