this maitIjAkds. By Fiunk MoiiLisv. ' 'Well, good bye, old fellow. I wish Icould go with you. I hear the snipe are vory thick up at Bargooma, don't forget to send mo down a few brace if you havo any luck.' ' I wonjt forgot,' said Victor Levison to his friend Inspector Smith, of tho Detective force' who had accompanied him as far as tho Spencer- street Station. ' And, I say, old WUJ I fi/uviiiLivil. U1U UUIUU^YU, WUU 1UU1MJU more liko a doctor or a lawyer, than a mem ber of tho force,' don't bo making lovo to the pietty girl in tho next carriage who, I acci dentally heard, is bound for Iho samo hospit able houso as yourself.' ' No fear of that ' said Levison with a smile ; ' you know I am a confirmed woman hater.' ' I know you say so ; but methinks you do protest too much sometimes.' . ' I never was moro in earnest ; and, if it was not that I had promised my old friend Campbell to pay him a visit, 1 should feel half inclined to postpone my holiday until X was sure that tlio coast was clear of girls who aro the special plagues sent by an unkind, providence to XJunish us for our sins.' Victor Lovison was a handsome young fol ^ .low of livo and twenty, and as tho train moved away from tho Sponcor-street Station, ho lay back with a half resigned halt melan choly air and lit a cigar which he smoked in a somi- unconsoious fashion whilo ho gazed out at tho shifting panorama which ho ovi dontly saw only with his physical organs, whilo hia spiritual faculties were engaged in some introspective problems. He looked a very well-to-do gentleman too ; and one upon whom the oares of tliis world sato lightly. Abovo the middle height, well formed and athletic, there was something in his faco which denoted the man of thought as well as of action. There was a frank look in his clear grey eyes that inspired confidence, . while thoy 'had a knack of blazing up sud denly at any excitement, or sparkling with fun when tho occasion offered, which formed a happy contrast to their habitual look of calm thoughtfulncss. Tho second son of Gilbert Levison, Victor had chosen the profession of a barrister, and if he had only devoted his energies and talents to his profession, he would probably have made his mark in it ; but ho was something of a dreamer, and, if ho had decided for the law, it was only to escape from a profession even more distasteful. He courted the muses, which was sufficient to put him outside the pale of decent society; and men who uuilli 111 UU111U Uy W1U WI1O1CSUIC, 01 WHO trafficked in beef and mutton, while still in tho condition of bullocks and sheep, or who made their fortunes by the careful selection of owes and rdms, looked upon him with a sort of contemptuous pity, as much as to say : ' well, there's a clever sort of ne'er- do-weel, who writes books and poems and that sort of trash instead of buying and selling and mak ing money — he'll come to no good 1' This sort of thing in the abstract, did not annoy Victor Lovison — it rather amused him; but when it came to interfering between him and the girl he loved, it caused a bitterness in his heart, which occasionally found vent in bitter and caustic words, and intensified the feeling of antagonism already existing. 'I wonder who the girl is, that Smith spoke of,' murmured Levison, as ho pitched his cigar out of the window, and yawned pro digiously. ' Going to Archie Campbell's is she ? Governess perhaps ; and good-looking, Smith aays. Well if she is — and I must say Smith has a tolerable taste in womankind— I may perhaps fall in love with her, out of sheer spite. Yet I can't help thinking that there must have been some underhand in fluence at work, to make Lucy break off our engagement. The last time I saw her, poor girl, she seemed nearly heart-broken. I swear she loves mo, and I know I love her ; then what the . . . but there? cursing won't mend matters — let me read her letter again.' ' Dearest Victor — If you knew the grief that fills my heart while I write this letter, which is to release you from our engagement, you would pity me. I am torn between my love and my duty. I love you, Victor, I love you ; and I am not afraid to say so, for you are good and noble, and I gave you my heart, when you told me, in your own sweet passionate words, that you loved me. Oh, Victor, do not think harshly of me. Bear with me, though I cannot reveal to you the cause of our separation. It is — it must be, God help me — enough that I can ??J never marry you. My load is sufficiently heavy to bear in parting with you, without feeling that you think unkindly of me. Let us meet no more, for I fear myself. My tears blot out the words, as I write farewell. — Your own, - Lucy.' ' Poor girl I' said Levison, as he kissed the letter, while a not unmanly tear mingled with those of his love which already stained the unconscious paper, ' poor girl ! it is now nearly twelve months since she wrote that letter, and I have never heard of her since in spite of the utmost efforts of Inspector Smith and the whole of the deteotive staff. I wonder what can be the duty she talks about. I expect some of her relations have been telling her that I am not exactly orthodox — a sort of Bohemian, which, to Muiuu minus, la u^uiviliuiit -u ituuLiiun — lllici she considers it her duj?' to tear herself away from the world#The flesh, and — the devil in the shape o^myself. But then, so far as I know, she had no relations except her father and mother ; the father I never met, and although the old lady was extremely orthodox^albeit, I must confess, a little vul gar, it /never struck me that she had any :,... objections to a Bohemian sou-in-law. ^ Well! well! I give it up,' and Victor Levi son resigned himself with a sigh to the task of smoking a second cigar. In the meantime the train sped on its way at the usual high . rate of speed adopted on the Victorian Bail ways of about ten miles an hour, pulling up every eight, or nine miles to put down or take up some passenger, and malting the most hideous and blood-curdling noises at y 'every stoppage, with an abominable contriv / ance which is dignified with the name of a break. Past interminable paddocks enclosed by post and rail fences, wherein sheep and cattle grazed in peace, apparently indifferent to the huge monster which rushed frantically . by them belching forth fire and smoke ; past queer little melancholy looking huts, like glorified dog kennels, standing in solitary grandeur on bleak-looking plains, and each bearing witness to the former existence of a -??' free selection, and the present existence of a freehold dummy block ; past miles upon miles of rich grazing land, where Herefords and short-horns waxed fat, while their owners were kicked by the friends of the jytujjit; tu unu vsuu miu uumu^u ux uuu ^iuiuiu , past State schools, where the rising genera tion stopped playing for a moment or two to cheer the locomotive on its way, or yell de . fiance at the monster according to their humour for the time being ; past level cross itgs where queer old cripples, who were help less enough to be members of Parliament, opened and shut the gates as if opening and shutting gates was the chief end of man ; past grand- looking mansions, each of which some simple-minded squatter had built up in defiance of all the canons of art, and most of whom had died shortly after the erection of these palatial structures ; past, or rather : through endless miles of black wattles, planted apparently for the sole purpose of soms day, adding fuel to a huge bush-fire, fated to con sume passengers and train in one vast holo ; caust; and then, after having religiously stopped fifteen times in less than a hundred and fifty miles, the panting engine pulls up at ? a sort of one-horse station, which is for the time being a terminus. Victor Levison was ; - aroused from a reverie by tho demand for his ticket, and then he found himself at the mercy of the cabmen who quarrelled over his gun-case and portmanteau and rug, until, having settled their dispute in their own way, ho' found himself seated in a melancholy looking cab vis a vis to -the fair incognito, whose destination was the same as his own., CHAPTER II. ; Edward Maitland was a wealthy landed proprietor in one of tho richest pastoral dis tricts of Victoria. He-had one son, Walter, :', ? of whom he was not a little proud, but with ['?? whom he-was, perhaps, a little severe.- Mait land pere was extremely afraid of his son Walter making a mesalliance— possibly, be ' cause ho himself had married his father's cook, and was afraid that such little peculiarties were hereditary. However that may bo, ? Walter was perfectly certain, that if he, did' marry beneath him, his father would straight- : way oast him off with the proverbial shilling.' This was probably the reason why, with that . strange perversity that makes the majority of people long for the precise thing that they are warned to shun, Mr. Walter Maitland fell over'head and oars in love with the pretty daughter of John Morrison, a poor but honest selector in Gipps Land. Walter was a ro mantic youth in those days— ho was but twenty years of age — and it afforded him a strange and fearful delight to masquerade in his shooting excursions under the name of Walter Brown. Under the name of Walter Brown ho married pretty Jane Morrison, and straightway took a snug little cottage for her in a suburb of Melbourne, '??' ?, There is no use of living under oircum fitances which savour of the romantic, unless it is done properly ; and, theroforo, Walter made up his mind that ho would keep liis wife ignorant of what ho considered 'his exalted origin until ho becamo his own master. In the meantime, ho gave out tliof he was a commercial traveller for a soft goods house in the city. This was a very soft thing, indeed, if it had boon analysed; but Mrs. Brown knew no more about softgoods than Mr. Brown, and she was, of courso, under tho. impression that, when her husband was away visiting the paternal aores, ho was pe rambulating tho country in those gorgeous vehicles so muoh affected by commercial gentlemen. The only person who know of tho little comedy, besides Walter himself, was his cousin, Henry Maitland. Years rolled on, but Mr. Walter Maitland, much to tho surprise of his aristocratic friends, remained a confirmed bachelor. Mr. and Mrs. Walter Brown were blessed with one fair daughter, whom tho perspicuous reader will immediately recognise as Lucy, who so straugely disappeared from the ken of her lover, Victor Levison. The auspicious birth of a daughter made an additional attraction to the romantic dove cote of Mr. Walter Brown alias Maitland. But Walter continued tho even tonor of his way. He was happy in his cottage as Walter Brown, and ho was happy, on his father's station as Walter Maitland. In either caso he was a happy-go-lucky, careless, romantic dog, who hugged his own little mystery to his own heart, and never thought that any harm would come of it. All in good time he would appear as the prince in the fairy tale, and carry his astonished wife and no loss astonished child to his palatial and ancestral homo. But when one, with tho best intentions in the world, begins telling lies, or living lies, things don't 'pan out,' properly always. Ten years after his marriage his father died and he succeeded to. the property. Now, whether it was that ho was ashamed of his wife ; or whether, as some have whispered, that ho had another wife somewhere else ; or whether, simply that he was too easy going to alter the life which had grown habitual to him we cannot say : but, certain it is, that after the death of his father, and up to the time of his own — accidental death wo were go ing to say, but deliberate murder is tho phrase required — he continued his dual existence. Walter was always an easy going, honest, careless soul ; and we don't believe a word about tho rumoured second wife. His faults were numerous enough ; but his principal weakness was a pernicious habit of ' lotting things slide,' and shunting off work of any kind and rcsponsiblities of all kinds on to other shoulders. The pair of shoulders which took the most of this work were those of his cousin Henry. Henry Maitland was a clever man with a keen, dark eye which, to a close obser ver, had a slightly trea cherous look, and his face, when he was not wearing his society mask, had a hungry av aricious expression. A good physiognomist would have said that he was a miser ; a good phrenologist would ehavput him down as a first class murderer ; they would both have been right. Henry Maitland had a badly balanced head. He had an abnormal develop ment of two organs very useful in their place but dangerous when in excess — acqui- sitiveness and destruc tiveness. Henry Maitland was Walters only surviving relative. If Walter died intestate he would suc ceed to the property. The only thing that stood in the way was the wife and daughter. How to get over this difficulty was the ques tion. ' Watty old boy,' said Henry with the as sumption of bluff hear tiness and good hum our, which he adopted always when not abso lutely alone — tthis as sumption of good na ured roughness was the mask under which he found it most conveni ent to do the meanest of his actions — ' Watty old boy, I waut to talk seriously to you.' 'Ohbotherl What is it?' ,',. . ' It is a matter which affects the welfare of your wife and child.' ' Of: my wife and child?' said Walter mu ingly. '.'Yes I ought to bring them up hero. What does it matter how people will talk. Married for the last sev enteen years under an assumed name. After all it will only be a nine days wonder. Yes, you are quite right, Henry.'I must bring them up at once.' ' That is a very good resolution, bravo !' cried Henry in his most honest and effusive style : I am glad to hoar you talk like that, but that is not what I was thinking about, dear boy.' ' Of what then?' ' Have you made your will, Walter ?' ' No.' ' Careless fellow.' ? * ' Why I don't look like dying, do I ?.' ' No, but we are' all mortal, and. if you were to die without making your will, see what possibilities of trouble : might arise. You ought to think of your wife and daugh ter.' . ! ' You are a good fellow Harry,' said Walter impulsively, 'let me do it at once; you're scribe enough for that I'm sure.' ? ! ' Of course I can do it,' replied Harry slowly, ' but had you not better get it done by a lawyer ?' ; ' Oh, hang lawyers I They only confuse things. Three lines will do it. I'll leave all my property' to Lucy, subject to the payment of £1000 a year to.my wife, and a thousand a year to you old boy, and tho thing is done.' 'Well, yes, of course, that's simple enough, and if you wish me to do it, I'll draw up a iwill to-morrow.' 'Do, there's a good: fellow, and then the thing will be off my mind.' ' Next day Henry stayed at home, and Wal ter rode into the township upon some, business. Henry was very busy all day. writing out the will, in the most elaboratelegal style, with the help of some legal handbooks. , After writing out one will, he wrote out another. ' ? In the first will he had disposed of tho property as Walter Maitland instructed him. In the sepond will, he transposed tho names in such a \vay, :,as ? to leave the bulk of the property to .'?' my.rcptysin, Henry Maitland,' and one thousaijil.a year to Miss Jane. Mor rison, commonly ? known as Mrs. Walter Brown. v '' The two pieces of foolscap were exactly the same in appearance to .start with. ' Henry Maitlnnd, to still further, increase the decep tion^njade a series of elaborate, but appa rently accidental, blotches upon tho first will ; and then, with a most commendable patience, proceeded to make fac simile blotches upon tho second will. The two wills were in ap pearance, identical. After he had finished his task, Henry wont to' the gun rack, tpok out Walter's breech-loader, and took .it down to the blacksmith's shop. There was nobody about.as Henry had sent the blacksmith to hang a gate, at the extreme end of the run. With some curious tools, he worked away in dus.trjouslY.,.at the inside ()f the left hand ' barrel; until he was apparently .' satisfied. Whon ho had finished, thoro was aporcoptible crack, or groove, in tho barrel, about six in ches from tho broboh. This crack ho filled up with grease, until it was no longer to bo seen, whon looking through tho barrel, and having finished his work to his cntiro satis faction, he returned to tho house, and replaced the gun in tho rack. When Walter returned in tho evening, ho read tho will first writton, with many groans at its length. 'That is about what you want, isn't it?' asked Henry cheerfully. ' Oh yes I' said Walter, throwing it on tho table with a sigh of rolief. ' I suppose you had better got in a couple of the men to witness it.' Henry picked up tho will, and walking carelessly over to the lire-place, rang the bell. It did not require much sleight-of-hand to conceal the will Walter had just read, and return to his seat with tho fac simile in his hand in place of the original. Tho house maid now appeared in response to the ring, and she was instructed to send Thompson, the overseer, and Blake, the boundary rider, in. The fraudulent will was lying on the table. In live minutes it was duly signed, soiled, and delivered, and in livo minutes more it was securely locked up in Mr. Walter Maitland's private safe. Then Mr. Henry Maitland planned a shoot ing excursion for the following morning. Tho most expensive guns are not absolutely safe ; and when Mr falter Maitland's dead body was brought into tho houso, Henry Maitland said ho would nevor have confidonco in one of thoso new-fanglod ' breech-loaders again. ? . CHAPTER III. ? Victor Lovison's curiosity had boon roused by tho remark of detoctivo Smith as to tho good-looking girl in tho next carriage ; and, therefore, whon ho found himself sitting op posite to. the fair unknown, in a stuffy little cab, his first impulse was to try and get a look at her face. But in this he was com pletely baulked, for tho young lady persistently kept her face mulUed up in a thick veil. ',' She has got a pretty foot at all events,' said Victor ? to himself,' and a beautiful figure. The pose of her head is simply superb, and what lovely hair ; tho very colour of Lucy's.' All at once tho thought rushed into Victor's mind — the conviction almost— that it was indeed Lucy. His heart felt strangely op pressed; his breath came in short quick gasps ; his face Hushed, and his fingers seemed to burn and tremble with an eager longing to touch the hand, tho dress, the hair of the sweet girl who seemed to efface herself in the farthest corner of the cab as if to keep as, far away from himlas possible. Lucy, on her part,) know Victor; and all IIKNUY MAITLAND I10i)E ON IN FI1ONT, WITH AN ANGKMC SMILK ON HIS FACE, j\l II I [ [ 1 III IN I , her passionate love for him which, in the dear old days when there was no barrier between them, had been fed on honied words and kept alive by tender caresses— whose banished joys it was now an agonyto remember — made her bosom swell and her heart throb painfully while she could hardly control the impulse to throw herself into her lover's arms, and sob out her agony on his bosom. Her blood ran cold the next moment, and her highly wrought feelings found relief in a sigh which, but for her fear of betraying herself, would have been a moan. Victor felt as if he was standing on a preci pice and was seized with a mad desire to fling himself over. Three or four times he opened his lips to speak and as often the unspoken thought died upon his lips. His heart beat furiously. If it was Lucy, and he allowed her to escape without speaking to her and en deavouring to clear up the mystery of her dis appearance, he ^yould purse his prudery as long as he liyed. But, if the young lady was a stranger, upon what possible pretext could he address her at all. And then it could not possibly be Lucy, or she would have spoken. Yet, in spite of all his arguments against the possibility of its being the girl he loved, he felt surrounded and steeped in an atmosphere charged with emotions such as ho only felt when in the presence of one woman. The situation was becoming painfully tense. The atmosphere of that cab was charged with love's electricity, and it is diffi cult to say what would have happened if a lightning conductor, in the shape of Henry Maitland had not entered the vehicle at that moment. Henry Maitland was on his way to Melbourne, and had purohased his ticket when he chanced to look into the lady's car riage. He saw Lucy, and his guilty con science, ever on the watch- for possible dis covery of his crimes, made him suspect that Lucy's appearance in the district boded no good for him. . -.After ho had accomplished his' purpose so cleverly of murdering his cousin Walter by manipulating his breech-loader so artistically, he had interviewed Mrs. Walter Brown, Lucy's mother. He explained to her the exact position/ .of affairs as a candid friend. His explanation was charming in its sim plicity, and could not possibly have deceived anyone.' but tho simple-minded woman whom :he took tho trouble to deceive. According to him Walter Maitland had married Jane Morrison under' an assumed name. Walter Brown, in fact, had married Jane Morrison. Xydlter Maitland lifid died, and Walter Mait ;Iand' : being also Walter Brown, it followed that \yiilter 'Brown had died. But nobody know Walter Ifaitla'nd' as Walter Brown ex cept he, himself, Henry Maitland ; and lie was iiflt only not going to identify Walter' Mait land as Walter Brown, but he would abso lutely swear that no suoh identity oxistod. If sho persisted in claiming Waltor Maitland as her husband ho would donounco her as au impostor, and swear that sho, Mrs. Brswn, was Waltor Maitland's mistress; that ho know Waltor Brown well enough, and that ho had simply disappeared in order to lend a colour to her claim. Ho went so far as to say that sho was not really married from tho fact of her having married Maitland under the namo of Brown. That Waltor himself was aware of this, and as damning ovidenco of that ho produced tho will, in which ho had left to Miss Jana Morrison, commonly known as Mrs. Waltor Brown, .C1000 per annum. All this was liko a hideous dream to Lucy's mother ; and she was so overwhelmed with tho apparent completeness of tho thing, that she was perfectly helpless and utterly in capable of scoing her way out of tho difficulty. Tho one hideous appalling fact that stood out boldly in all the entangled surroundings, and struck coldly to hor heart and turned her head dizzy, was that she was not married to tho father of tho child, and that her child was a bastard. She dared not toll Lucy, but in her feverish muttorings when tho torriblo blow laid hor upon a bed of siokness, hor daughter gathored so muoh that sho was compelled to toll hor all — and believing herself that she had been deceived, the sad story was imparted in suoh a way that Lucy was compelled, in spite of herself, to think tho same. It was a crushing blow to tho poor girl. Sho was so proud of hor- father, so fond of her mother. And to think that all this timo her father had lived a lio I But whon sho thought of hor love— of Viotor — it almost drove hor mad. There was but one thing to bo dono. They must dis appear from tho scono and blot out tho past ; they could livo whore their story was un known. Parting with Victor was tho severest trial, but sho could not endure tho thought of linking her sullied name to that of tho man she loved too well to drag down to hor level. Thus she wrote hor parting letter to Victor, and this is why she dreaded his discovering her. Lucy and hor mother had a hard struggle. Sho was now on her way to Bar gooma as governess to Mrs. Campbell, who knew the wholo of her sad story. Henry Maitland, being a high-class villain, knew that the fiction he had so industriously elaborated, would not stand investigation. As long as Lucy and her mother wore alivo there was danger. Lucy was oven more dangerous than her mother ; and, therefore, whon he saw her in the railway carriage, and saw hor afterwards take hor seat in tho cab which was to take her to the coach oilice, he changed his mind about going to Melbourne, and determined to find out her destination. jWith this object he also got into the cab ; and if tho reader wishes to know how long it takes to go through all the different emotions and life experiences which we have attempted lo describe, and trace to their sources from the beginning of the chapter up to this point, the cabman, if he were at the samo time ob servant and truthful, would probably inform him that the time was three minutes. The entrance of Henry Maitland into tho cab was a relief to Victor and Lucy. Not .that he was a desirable companion, but the emotional currents were diverted, and both Lucy and Victor breathed more froely for his presence, although Lucy knew him and loathed him, while Victor didn't know him, and didn't want to know him. The cab drove up to the coach office ; and as soon as the luggage was arranged, and the mails, put on the rack, and in the boot, and under the seats, arid wherever they could find a place to stow them, tho coach started out of the thriving township of Telora with the usual plunge of tho near wheeler, without whioh, it is apparently impossible for Cobb & Co. to get away. He was a cranky brute that near side wheeler, and Jack M'Lean, the driver, told Victor— who was sitting alongside him-Jn a confidential whisper, that the ani mal was a '' blooining fraud.' There was another gentlemen on the box seat, and Lucy was inside, where, also, Henry' Maitland had eloctod to go. Although the weather for the last few days had been fine on tho coast' and a short dis tance inland, the country about Tolora gave evidence of heavy rainfall. There had been steady rain for three or four days higher up the country also ; and all the creeks were running bank high. Tho road crossed the valley of tho Tolora creek, about ten miles out of the township. The creek had overflown its banks, and when the coach arrived at the edge of the water, it was evident that it would take very careful piloting to get through with safety. The our rent was not rapid, and tho water was not more than four feet deep on the. average ; but these floods-, which look so innocent,- have a nasty habit of working doep holes in the blue clay, which' forms the bed of tho valley, and if tho coach, by accident, got into one of these holos, it would bo a serious matter. . All this was known to Henry Maitland, who was also, perfectly acquainted with the track aoross. A diabolical idea suddenly entered his head. If he could entice the driver of the coach into one of these huge holes, the inside passengers of the coach would be certainly drowned. Luoy once out of tho way, he would bo safe. ? ' . ' ' ' ' ?. The' coaoh stopped at the .edge of the water. : .'Can any gentleman drive the coaoh after, me through this swamp, if 'I get a horse and pilot the way,' 'asked 'the driver.1'., ?' ;?,? ' I'll drivo,' said Victor, who was rathor a good four-in-hand whip. ' If you would allow mo to make a sugges tion,' said Mr. Maitland, 'I think wo can got over tho difficulty. Doubtless this gentle man,' inferring to Victor, 'is a prolioient driver, but I think Jack had better stick to tho ribbons. I will rido on, and act as pilot.' ' All right, old son,' said Jack, 'you'ro a trump; hero comes Bobby with a horse ; llro ahead !' and tho coach wont down steadily into tho yellow turbulent water, whilo Henry Maitland rode on in front, with an angolio smile upon his faco, and murder in his heart. CHAPTER IV. It was an exciting time. The turbid breadth of Hood water, which looked so innocent and picturesque at a distance, took a now mean-/ ing when it surged lip against the wheels of tho coach, and swirled angrily away on tho other side, as if it felt defrauded of its lawful proy. Tho near-side wheeler was restless and uneasy. Every now and again ho plunged his nose down into tho turbid waters, and then flung it up with a jerk, as if he had seen a snake, snorting and plunging, all the time evidently in the most abject terror. About thirty yards ahead of tho coaoh, Honry Maitland piloted the way. Tho coaoh was now about half-way across. ; ' Hi 1 boss, ain't you going toomuoh.to the loft ?' yelled tho driver. ' It's all right, you follow my track,' called back Maitland over his shoulder. ' His track seems to mo darned peouliar,' muttered Jack under his breath, as ho took a fresh hold of tho near wheolor's rein. Tho track was peculiar. Maitland seemed to bo picking his way, going a littlo to tho right and then to tho left. Tho water left: no tracoof his passage, and tho driver, in spite of himself, always kept following him in a beo lino. ??.'':?'.? They were within about two hundred yards of the landing place, whon suddenly tho hear wheeler lost his footing. He was out of his dopth. The leaders had swerved to one side and had escaped the hole. Instantly the driver jammed down the break, and stopped the coach, which, of course, . had only been going at a walking pace. .Fortunately, tho leaders wero tractable, and stood still. The oil-sido whoolor instiuctively recognised his danger, and planting his feet firmly, hold up against his struggling companion. The mo ment was one of imminent danger. The frantic horse plunged and reared, now feeling the bottom with his hind feet, and now plunging head foremost into tho boiling water. His struggles were becoming weaker. In two minutes he would bo drowned, but before that he would probably startle the other horses, and drag the coach into tho abyss. „'..„!. :.1L^.. .1 ? J !.„'„ U.,^ ihu ,„„„. Victor, in tho meantime, had got over the dash board and, at the risk of his life, was walking out on the polo to endeavor to loose the horse by unbuckling the reins and polo strap, and unhooking the traces. The first step, however, along the pole, showed him that the thing was impossible. In an instant he was back again, and plunging-off the seat, he swam up to the struggling animal, and be gan operations by trying to let go the traces. But they were so tightly drawn and tense, that his efforts were hopeless. Then he be thought him of his knife. With a few rapid strokes the traces, pole-straps, and reins wero cut, and the half-drowned animal was free, and presently staggored up the bank, more doad than alivo. Victor now turned his attention to the lady in the coach. Looking out of the window was the frightened visage of a travelling preacher, who, coming thus far to preach the gospel to the heathen, was now more anxious for the safety of his own body from water than the souls of other people from fire. Behind the parson who, to do him justice, had tried to keep up his own courage and comfort his fellow passenger, stood Lucy, who had watched Victor throughout the exciting scene, her face white and her hands unconsciously clasped in the attitude of sup plication. . ? Wading to the door, Victor opened it and said, simply ! ' Are you much frightened my darling ?' 'I was not thinking of myself, Victor; only of you. It soemed so terrible strug gling in the water with that half-maddened horse.' ... Thoy stood for a moment with tigiitly claspcd hands. It was a moment of bliss. All the. past was forgotten. Then Lucy gently withdrew hor hands and shivered slighfcy, as the barrier between Victor and herself once more rose before her. ,. ? ' . ,,-, ?'Come, my darling, I will carry you to the bank,' eriicUier lover. He took her in his strong arms ; and Victor, was repaid for all' the past twelvemonths of hope deferred as I19 felt her fluttering heart beati-against his own. 'You will never '.leave me :moro,' ho whis pered. 1 '-.:??' ?' : - ' Oh, Victor i you don't know, you don't know . . .'. ; :.',.'' ... .. ' And I don't want to know. All I know is that I love you ; and you told me onco that you loved me; and we' are going to bo married in spite of creation.; and we'll bo married at Bargooma, for I won't trust you out of my sight any more; and we'll go away to Tas mania for our honeymoon, and bo baok in time to spend the Christmas holidays with , my old friend Campbell, to whoso house wo are both going now if I am not mistaken.' This was all said with so much decision, and in suoh a mattor-of-oouiflo tono, that Luoy could only cry silontly, whilo a groat joy filled hor soul, and sho unconsoiously nestled closer to tho big heart of the man who was carrying her in his arms liko a child. . Tho lovdrs woro ho absorbed in their own affairs that they did not notico the prosonco of a well-appointed drag which just then drove up, drawn by four spanking bays, hold woll in hand by a cheerful-looking young gentleman of about fifty summers, whose white hairs' seemed absurdly out of placo whon taken in connection with his sparkling oyos and jovial, boyish-looking face. ' Bravo Victor | Woll dono my boy I' then ho addod.'in a s'orio-comio tone, ' bluss you both, iny children'.' 'Hallo Campbell! is' that you?' . ?'. ' All that is.iloft of 1110. ;;And this young lady is Missl3ip\yn, I Jcriow from hor; photo graph. Jump .iiip both :bf 'you ; and if tliat villain I^irostiok will .8toprplunging for half a second, I'llsliake : haiuls with-you : in tho lin lorvali - Now, myjboyi ymvlookuhcoffimonly; liko a!' drowned, rat— oxcusp :.iny. ''flattering: simile— so' we'll '.drive ^ oyortoSinipsonsfora' change of clothes,1 and then we'll lnakoBar-; gooina at thp.rato otjHftoohinllo's anihdur!t:; ? V But. what 'about tho'luggage?'^:,'-;? .?'??,';'.,' -.',' Oh !;.that'n':-bo'all: right.- 'IUl-lpayo'wpnl of tho: accident as wp pass '?. tjio pqiripaiiy's . atablo3,:and:tlidy'will;sbudvassi8taHcoi!',..'v: ;;:{ :Whon thpy arrived. at Bargdbma'tliby.worp: cordially wolcouied; by' Mvk * Gaihpbpl!,';' who'1 jtissed LuoytaB if; slip were an old' friend,.arid insisted: upoii her going ^straight' to; bed'attor tea;.. .'.?::,S':--''-'-v''-'.'' '-':V'-~ :'~' ??'-,-. '???::'? i-.'vO.'.'/.'vi- V.*;?.'-, .The 'next' few -.days passed -; pleasantly.' for. Lucy in alifo which, was entirely new :to lieiv Victor loarhed f roni Mrs. Oaihpboll,: the 'secret whiohj; in Luoy's-yestiinatibh, riiisbd suoh ; li barrier between /himself arid her.:: Tho know-: lodge only helped to enddar her to hiintlioiriorb.. He pleaded :so earnestly that at length she consented to boconio. his wifo. In 'tho mean time ho determined to ' probo the mystery to the bottom. Ho communicated with 'detoc- tivo Smith, who. immediately made an exami nation of the books, of the Registrar,' and found tho marriage duly recorded of Walter Brown and Jane Morrisson. The difficulty, of courso, was to identify Walter '.Maitland' withlWalter Brown. .There would have been of course, 'no difficulty^'immodiately after the, death of Walter, for; those .who know him under either name could Uiayb identified-.the body as belonging to the man; thpy 'know under either designation ' and the 'mystery would have been solved; ', ' v: XS ;- ^';: : But now that he had been dead for over a year, such a solution was impossible.; ;?': V Detective Smith who had come up to Bar gooma was at his wits, end.' Victor was: striving after impossible combinations of the most intricate theories, when the wholo thing was put into a nutshell by a very innocent re mark by Mrs. Camp bell. . .^ ???,:; ' Have you a photo graph of your father, my dear?' slip said :to Lucy. . ' ,': : Lucy produced a pho tograph of her, late father, Walter Brown. Mrs. Campbell had -in her album a 'photo graph of WalterMait-/ land. They were .'not; from the same negative, ? nor by the same artist'; but there was no, mis- taking the identity, of the original. The photo- ? graph of Waltor Brown and that of Walter/ Maitland were 'both taken from the 'same individual. ' The ap paratus can't lio' and the ipxc dixit of the sun; is indisputable Inde pendently of the general ? likeness which strikes the oyo, there is, the reproduction ' of every line and scar and mark and 'microsqo pically minute fissure with' ab- solute exactness. \ Not' two faces in a million are the same in one line. But, since tho creation of the world, if all the faces that ever saw the light wore compared, oil two faces would .be found that had«/fthe lines the same. The photograph and ? t lie microscope togetheraie infallible. The mystery was a mystery no Ion-' gor. . . - ' ,,'.':.V After the ladies; had retired, the three gentle-, men continued the dis cussion. . ; 'C,1.; 'What ia. y.pur, opinion of the mat ter, Smith?' said Vic tor. ?,. '-'-.iv^V; ' What sort of a inah was Walter Maitland?';; said tho detective; 'ad-' dressing Mr. .Campbell/. :: 'A thoro,ughiy,,hpn-i nnmbld mail : : hut orin' A .]„ ii...=t cureless easy going follows lluit ,pyer.'I: mot, nnil comiilutcly dominated by tlio'superior in-, tollcct of liis.uousiu Henry.' : :'?.??:?''?'?'???- -' '. '? A 'Thou,' suid tliodetoctivo, iii a thoughtful toiio, ' lio uovor signed that will with tlio1 kiiowleilgo' of its tonour. It is. my opinion .that -.Walter -Slate/- landlms Ijoeii duped ; and liis death; on tho follow ing dny, makes me think that bo was also'murdored;' 'By.whoni?' asked Mr.' Campbell, engbrly/ : : 'By tho man who bcnofitted most by his,death.'.'t ,'''. ? ' . ' chapter.v.^ . jj' ????-£'?:: ;;:.v: Henry Maitland's property adjoinod'Biirgobma.,! Tho two homesteads woro about- II voinilos apart.: Mnitland wns not much of a sportsman liimsolf-^ ho was. too keoii and:tbo engor in his xiu'rsiiits'of ' wealth to indulge in suclr frivolities ;' but, witli'liis; usual cunning, ho protended an euthusiasnrwliicli ho did not feol for sport, in order' to:-keop up' his assumed character of '.bluff carelessness'; and good nature On his proporty, howovor, woro many places famous as tho favourite : haunts .of snipOi Tho first shooting of tho season was generally, to, bo obtained along tho duck- haunted crooks, arid ' round tho edges of tlio rich swamps of Yambaai'i which was tho name of his station. ''???? Since tho death of Waltor Maitland 'thoro wero strange whispers as to tho peculiar life led by the present propriotor, Honry Maitlund. Although, whon ho mixed with tho neighbours, or when his business took him into tho nearest township, thcro was no apparent dillbrcnco in tlio man, it was rumoured that ho shut himself up periodically, and had prolonged. bouts of solitary drinking.. One day, about a fortnight after tho arrival of Victor, and Lucy. at Bargoomn, Honry Maitlmid; rode over, to inyito Sir. Camnboll and his friends to a days snipo-shooting. ' ^ Lucy bad no suspicion that bo was hor father's murdorer; but sho know tlio part bo bad acted: after hor fathar's death, and sho shuddered as lie' insisted upon shaking bauds -with her, after tho formal ceremony of introduction. .- Victor Lovison and Detective Smith bad their own reasons for appearing on friendly terms with, tlio man whose crimes they were endeavouring- to. trace. Thoy did not wish to arouso his suspicion's,' anil therefore they accepted his invitation with ap parent pleasure. ' You will bring tho ladies too, Campbell,' said Slnitland, in 'parting, 'wo will mako a regular 'pic-nic of it. It is not often tliat I' have tho plcasaro of acting us host' to fail' ladies.'' Thus saying ho doffed bis lint with tlio grftco of a cavalier; and cantered oil', the beau ideal of' a1 good-natured, jovial,. country gentleman. ?'? What a consummate hypocrite' tlio 'mim.must bo,', said' Victor. 'But ho decoives nobody,'; quiotly remarked' tlio host, ' ho caniiot constantly wear tho. mask, and ovcry now and then tho voil is lifted,' by Bomo slight oxprossion, a look, a word, tlio turn of a scntonco, which Weals tho hidden thought; ho is most disliked by thoso who know him bost.' ' ' Well, I snpposo wo will go ovor to Yambaar to-morrow?' ... '.-? , 'I think so; wo may possibly boar somothing, and, in any case, you can bavb somo good snort, «bilo tho ladies will onjoytbo' drive' ' Noxt morning tho four-in-hand drovo up to tho door, and soon tlio party woro seated in tlio drag.. It was a glorious October1 morning. .-. A slight, shower the provious night made the air appear 1110111 balmy than usual, with tho ncont nfiliulit- '-.?:?,'????;' wood and wattlo lilnsHnnm. Ah thoy drove down .'?'.' tho long avenue;, tho Imavy odour, wafted from tlio ?' iwoll-kopt gimlnn, pnicbiimuil the prosoncti of tlio -' ' ; Hwcot-xcniited boronm, nvtirpnwbrhiii its inoro doll .onto neighbour, the Daphne ? , As far as the nyo could reach, a rich mantlo of ' omnnilil green Hpraail out in gentle uiiilulatloiw, while grouped about in pleasing irregularity, tlio ? . ?; graceful lightw.iod mlded a charm of its own .'. ' :'? to tho lamtaipo. At varying distances, and in ? ??:..'..' every direction, the Khmm nf water caught tlio oyo, ' : V-' ; as littlo hikes nf fantastic shapes, some of winch ;:-.:, worn nf groat denth, and others merely Hliallow'.; '^.±0 depressions, received tliu raj'H of tlio rising sun, . ,'Cv,;.;-:, and l-ellected them to tho oyo of the olisorvcr. Tlio'i.'-V '' ':- leaves of tho tall white' gums, sparkled HKb'-™^ (liaiiiond-studded trees of fairyland, as tlio sliglitV--'v-:-:« brerao iniido tho loaves qnivor,. anil. tlio adhoroiit'.'-'fevV'J rain-drops also caught tho white mtii-rays, and ro- ;?- ??: A}: Hooted tlioin hack in the many-coloured hues of ';;,/;':: tho. rainbow. ; Tho air: was ' vibrating with'.tlib 'V' .' : various sounds, anil heavy.. witlii: tlioi.-.pxipiisitb ,. :? Y odours, of a Spring morning1 in tho Australian : ..;? :; '. bush.. Tho musical iipto' of-thb lniigpio 'reybrhbr-; ;;, i : .: ,' :'hted.!,fromV:ovaryV.trao'l-'aiuU-'tliii.''dai1iii;^i»iigstb'r.\'-'.-i-'..-'.' oiily .'stopped bis 8woot;iioto'occirsionally,wliilo;ho;;!;.. niado a'sava'go:durtat:anyon'o who dared tocoiiio*.' ' .- near tho nost where his unite was attending to. her '.'?' ,;. yi-ung.;.broqil;;V..At;-a;'safo^^^ sploinii-lbokiiigniitivc'compauiomr oolild ho ['..Boon;';1'1 A; -:?:?' engaged in pjeking np.tbo early worm, .while : ovbry.: ?:?: ,. ;C* liowaiid again they, would Bound a .note: of Tallinn, :,'\\- ''? jincl thuh BOUapartnors anil clAssd; to;toaolroaoli A .'}.. ;,;V:; ,'utluuv like ainialiloliuiiitic's, dancing,' o'n:attonu-'i;Sv : ' .ated(8tilt8;;?;;^v^:.?-;;:;^:;?;^1^;..:V,:,;5?^,:-??,^,;;^:;;?v;:1::A:??:; ??'.! 'Iiivtha nioiintimp ' tho : bays wbrp /going along in i -''?&$ lliio'-stylo,:aiid.,thoir regular patter patter.: on. tlio.: ':';.: U': : turf made ', a- joyous music, which : chimed in with ;.', 'V. .'; . C':'' '?ill tho surroundings of a-glorious/inoViiing'j.'diid1'-',:/:'1:';:') sent: tho: lifq- lilood.of.'old. aiHl'yotmg'boiiiidijig. c!,? ? ': 'through tjio vbinsliko quicksilver.-' 'Henry 'Mait- .;,? .':.?;'?; buid liiot them at: tbo door'of:liiB-:libu«o,1-'li'iif;'tlio^-J-';':;:; party did not'oiitor.' ';,Tho liappy hunting grounds? '?Y::.;:£-'.; worafurthor'on, so they immediately iniido a start ?:, ' T/, for tlio-Warrarakk swamp. ' ?;,„;-'; ? :;:?:.::-;/:*:.? y'. There;, wiis;- a 'tent already ^pitchcd.Varidtlio^vv//,: lddios.wqrolbfttosliotcli and anuisb thbmsolvos,' ',-;- ;i . n-hilu tho sportsmoii probocdod, to. tho spot whora. -*.,:/ tbo Bnipb woro soon; -.-?. ,-:??;.. .' -, .',' : ,-'?: .' ?'.,' j£. ?.;v..'-v*,-.','-'!'i--'1:'-'/ : It: lookcil'ii very likoly spot indbcil.* ;'A;Ticb, ';,',:'. :: black swamp with ploiity of coyor., .Ujore-aiid -?!' '-, :; tbora wqrb chimps of acacia, while round tbo t'dgo' -, \ ?: -f of 'tlio swamp,'giaut'rcil-giinis spbko'of continuous.';.; :'?'?;.?:?? moisture. -' Prqsbiitly, Maitlaiid's dog^ a good;; .: ,'? '.' . . ; , ouougli-lookiug pointer, ' but badly.;* brokoii— - ,:; ,:* bliuidorcd ahead, and startled a oouplo of briico of- ' ,. , snipp, which roso with a whirr out ofrangOj and '/.??-? madostraightfor tho other oiid of tho swamp. , ': :. ? Maitland called inhiu dbg with a cursor and; ho '?-. ???'? ?'? '-,;'? -.put- his gun', suddenly to bis shoulder,. as if to . ?:?''': shoot the animal, but thought hpttor: of it,: and .':?'' contented -himself with throwing a stono at him.' ' :: ' ' ?-... , Presently, the siiipo ?began to riso iii , '.ones'. and .'','.'' . , twos, and tho puns woro bunging away mori'UyV '?'--[ Victor was agoid shot, and mado somol brilliant oxeentipn with bis right and loft barrel; hut,- for.' .:' :. steady And uiiomug precision, ho had to yioldito ; Campbell, .who nover missed with his right, and . . ; rarely with his loft. 'Staitland shot fairly, in bis - turn beating Dotcctiyb : Smith, whoso shooting . oyidqntly indicated want of practice. Tlio Biiipo. .wore how rising .thick and fast, and tborb was an v: almost, continuous fusillade, which ;at- 'longthV. '.:-.' . 'ceased, 'as tho. birds that remained took flight' for : ? , ..' . 'another' '.swamp about two miles distant. ' i ; ''-.'?'-? '.: Before returning to tbo Indies, the sportsmoii sat . down : to ?? indulgo in a smoko and to count tbo ?game Lin thoir bags. : Thoro was tub usual sporting talk, largely egotistical, and wonderfully- imagi native as to remarkable shots, wliicli appoars fo bo, . a necessity on thoso occasions ; but with this wo,.' will not. troublo tbo ,roadoiv Henry Maitland scorned in 116 very amiabloinood. Tho convorsa- . ; :tibn, had turned into a cliannol which did hot' ..; 7 ?plcaso!hiin.: it hinged upon tbo wonderful ; way in' which miirdcr is brought to light. ; Detoctivo - Sniith was |full of pleasing anecdotes us to tlio .: ;. fortuitous .way. in which cvidonco is sometimes ?:?. -'? ?forthcoming. : ' Ho instanced a case, whoro'a. nephew had murdered his linclo because tho old Lilian was too long in dying. Tlio- undo bad ap parently been killed by falling down a woll. Tho liophow was his lioir, and assumed such a natural -appearance of chastened griof, that no suspicion of :[ : foul play arose, and tbo old man was buried. : But / tho nephew seemed haunted with somo kind of ? horrid fascination -in talking about tho Ldoatb of. -his uncle— and in combatting an idea which ho- ? body but hiirisolf bad entertained,- that his death . ' was other than accidoutal. , Than' the nophow bo-;: gaii to. drink, arid sti-iingo expressions foil from his ' lips ....whilo half maudlin. Public suspicion 'was;-. ?aroused,, tho wholo of tho surroundings of the:.' affair, wero minutoly' examined; Hunt links of . evidence '.won accuinnlated,:aU pointing in tho orio ? . direction; at length tho body waa'. disinterred^ ?? Clutched in tho hands of tho dead mini woro dis covered a fbw hairs, which a ''-microscopic oxami- , -nation-'- proved, to belong to tbo nophow. This ?was tho lasfliiikin tho chain. ?''? : : '. '.'.': ''. '.'?-' ' ?'??- : .''.Bah! ' brpkp in Maitland with a curso ;; '. tliis ? . is tlio old goody-goody, story of tlio nursory, under ?a now- form. Of courso tho ncpliow committed ' suieido.and then lived long onough to confess. I Lknow all about it'. ,: , ; . . ? ' ', .: ??-... :?''?' ?'.?''?.'?No, my deal- sir,' contincd Smith, (ntietly,/ ,'? '.'. ' bo did riot commit suicidq and confess. Ho was .found guilty and banged.' '' ? ?'.?''.. ..'.' '.v.-' '' .,- ; ' Mailtand roso with a muttered imprecation, and ';? strode .towards'- his gini, which had loft ''loaning'.' L . '..'. agninst.a tree. '-.In his way lio'cahib-.witlim'reach , . , . of his unfortunate dog,.and ho vontod his- wrath . ': ' .- upon the aniumUbj ; giving it ,a:ylcions;kipk':'.; Tliu - V . '.poor'.-briitcj with' a' yelp of agony, rusbed' away ;',- '' ':.'. ;and,'in bis flight, knocked over his master's giui, ' : .'.:.' which', ! exploding as it fell, tlio -.char go' struck'. ' ?Sraitliiiid in tbo: bead, and'hd fell-to Ltlio' ground .: ' '?'' ?.,,' apparently a.lifeloss corpse;,. : ;;: ';? .' . ;L-'; ?:'.,?. ' .V- :+-} '? ? ''?:?? .' r .'' .'? CHAPTER :'V0V..K ? / ? .: ' ^ :,lX . ; '. ? ' .':' , ' ? ? ' -.-.For; days lloiiry Slaitliuid lay .in ascnii-'con- ' sciiuis stato.- -The cbargo bad struck him iii: tlio ? 'L teninloaiid literally blown apieco' of tbo sk'uUL ?? L. , away, '.exposing the- brain.'. .Tho giin,,wbon it; ox- ' ' '?:'?' '?. '.'?? :i)lodcil,'wus witliiii a fbw, feetof him, .and thus tbo ' .'??- .charge bad not:timo to scatter/ It was iiptcd by this-'. ,? . ? -sorvaiils,'aud comirionted upon:by: tlibni in. awe-- '- ' / , ' struck whispers,' thatiho wound was 'in. tbo '. siimo? -.'i .' '''?? ''?? spot exactly as that, which killed Walter Maitland; '. ?? ? \- Whori/at'lcngthi ho camo to a stoto of conscious- 'Wi , L-1 :noss, it:wasbvidqiiUliat:his.rec6yc'ry,wasliopclos8.'..- ;';' ~ . .?V..13ut-:tlio feelings of- tuo.-Avrbtcbbd, Vmui-wbre ::i; V strangely, .' mixed with shanio 'arid -'remorso,:.'whon .''.'? ' ?: ho found. that tho- .'constant and L watchful attend-,?'., .L'V ants .who I'miniatored to' him '-in/;' his .helplessness .'?-'O:. '?'.-'' and agony,. woro Lucy and hor mothor. '- Through ''. t-i:, ;'.! ? . all: his 'delirium,', visions of 'an angolfacband soft . :'' v-ii pitying eyes had iloatcd through his brain, mixed-. ?'?'.? '? '.:.- with : sonic horrible phantasmagoria of :bis past ' t' ?: ' ovil-lifo. Tlio onq,. tbo /bright .vision, : was tho .:';.': reality of Lucy ; : tbo other horrid spectres' wore tbo :'?'. L ? '? ; piisj imu'ressioiiB'.bf his evil ''deeds which had left '.'?:? : ': ?? - their, indbliblo imprint upon bis soul, .and wliioli.'-' werp revivified by ;th0 approach of death.'.; ^ ;V--'L. :r- . . , ?? But.inall his delirium ho had Lnovor droppouV a (.; 'V liiut of thotbmUo tragedy, sufficiently clear to oil-;, - :?; X,;' . lifliltnil TitlPV nv llhl* m/iflim* '? TTn'.lviMiind.nf 1iii»-d(-_' ''?''.''?? ''?'?'* ing : gun's iii: a language that, to thorn, was. iricom- L}':-/: proliensiblo.'.But wlicu Victor Lovison and Dotcc- '??'?'?-? ?' VL 'tivb.,Smithilioard;him,'there was a flood of light ; ?'':.'; '.'.,'?' :tlirbwn'.uppri'tbb dark past. If Honry -Maitland ,' .'.: '; la'd lived- ho would have been in danger of thogal- : '?? 'lows; but lie. '.did not. livo, and, boforo ho died, ?'..': ;'.;{;? '; ' confessed: his- e'rinies— not to Luoy, ho could not ?' , '.- do that— but to bis neighbour Campbell, who took : : us dying depositions. Before bis death ho wanted . . ::? itomakoa will, leaving tho wholo of tlio proporty; '? L ? ? to Lucy and- hor mothor;. but this was con- '.';';.. sidered unnecessary, as tbo identification of Waltor ?? ' ? '? i Brown with Waltor Maitland had . established tbo : ^C:: status of wifo aiid daughter, and tlio property, of . .'?';? '%????; tbo lato'Waltor Maitland of right bolongcd to them. ...'?'-. \^r : ? Victor Lcvison and Lucy Maitland woro married- ? '.: '-,--:. ?;??? I in November. L.: '?'.'?:. There wero great rejoicings at Bargooma ; and .';\'v:,.'; itho woolshcd was turned into a ball-room, whore ':':':';-? .',;?'. all tho shearers, and boundary- riders, and smart .- f ;'. j young men for twonty miles around brought thoir ' : , :;-:'' ..girls and danced till daylight. And than tlio-'v'' ';r W , smart young mon put thoir pretty 'frirl partnors on' ,?'.'?? -?/',? '. 'horseback, or into buggies, or waggonottos, or-.: :: ,';' Iwhatovor mode of conveyance thoy preferred, and ? -l.-::: .took them homo through tlio cool- November ' ?-'/?, morning, before tbo hot sun had timo to dry up . .: : tho sparkling dew-drops from tho grass which ' .' ?waved so cool and grco'n all around them. Tbo ;'V! ;brido and bridegroom departed for Tasmania ; but ' \V 'thoy came back in timo to cat thoir Christinas ?.?'.:'??'..?? ?dinnor at Yambaar, whore the old lady had taken .''-: ' up hor abodo. Of course, tbo Campbells wero ? ' : :thoro, and lots of other frionds; and, although it ''.-..? ? was too hot for dancing, thoy had lawn tonnis and ? 1 '? - :cronuet in tbo ovoning. And it was not too hot to' . - ': V sit in tbo verandahand talk; and- listen to Lucy '.. ;j and other liappy girls singing;' in tho intervals of . ..'':: playing cards, or other indoor games. . ; ',': Ton years have rolled away Binco tho events wo . ' ,:., have related took placo; but evory year, after tho shearing is finished, tho woolshod at Yambaar is '. -, cleared for a danco. Tho fow remaining 'wool ? :- bales that havo not gono to town servo as sup- - .: 0 ports for long tables, where a gorgeouB suppor is : : sot out; tho rafters are hung with festoons' of ''?W.-1 flowers and blossoms, and 11 band of muBic from ': ?',; tho nearest township sets a hundred' couples in ?'; '/? '?- motion to its inspiring strains. Tho dancing is '? : \ ?:.* vigorous, and in good time, for tho employe)* of ..?;'? Yambaar and surrounding stations aro all dovoteos '/'?!'?'!' of Terpsichore. Mr. and Mrs. Levisoii- aro tlioro.- \ V ,:,?;.- or tho iirst half-hour or no. find wHl, t.limn nrn (» : ' . -? . eouploof sturdy boys, who look on with wondor ? ' :'.., and admiration, at tho gorgeous vision of Juno '??'.-: ' and Ifary-Ann, tho housemaids; and Hoso, tho ' i ?:'-. cook; and Eupliemia, tho nurse; flying round in ,?'? tho arms of their rospectivo lovers, to tbo intex^- ? ; - L' ating strains of tlio ' Bluo Danubo,' -.-' . : i ?;???':' :-'.'S^i .-.'. ? ' :..-? -'??.?- -' ' ??. ;-.: ?- . --:: :' ^^?.,:;-v^-:.; 