LARGE FIRE AT BROWNHILL. GREEK. One of the largest bush-fires that have ever taken place in the Mount Lofty Ranges broke out at Brownhill Creck on Sunday morn- <*> ing, January 28. At 11 o'clock in the morning smoke was first 6ccn issuing from a (damp of trees on the pro perty of Mr. John Williams, a grarier, at Brownbill Creek. Assistance was at once rendered to endeavor to get the flames under, bat all efforts proved fotile, and the devouring element rapidly sped over the grounds. A strong wind was bloving at the time, and as the sun was shining fiercely the odds were all in favor of the fire. la the place where the fire first bnmt out there was little bat dry grass and stumpy trees, which blaecd with great fierceness. The locality in question is situated between high ranges, and the wind was there , fore enabled to carry the flames along into the adjoining paddocks. At one time there was great danger that the homestead of Sir. Williams would be fired, bat tho wind suddenly veered round to the north east, and the dwelling- house was saved. The fire then spread on to the property of Mr. H. Potter, adjacent to that of Mr. Williams. There was a lot of dense timber and under growth here which rapidly caught fire, and the fiery clement extended over the whole cf the land. A portion of Sir. Foster's holding, consisting of 330 acres of grating land, was completely burned, and the damage cone is estimated at several hundred pounds. In addition to this nearly the whole of Mr. Foster's fencing was de molished, the damage in this matter being roughly estimated at £180. So far this gen tleman has been the heaviest loser by the fire. When the fire broke out about 30 neighbors came to the rescue, bat their ?Borts proved unavailing, as aided by a wind the flames spread with great rapidity. At 3 o'clock on Sunday afternoon Lance-corporal Hewitt and three constables were dispatched from the city to the scene of the conflagra tion. They chiefly confined their efforts to keeping the fire from spreading across the Sheaoak Hill-road into the Govemmcctfarm. The flames broke into the farm several times, but their advance was checked for a time. At 2 o'clock the fire obtained a good hold at south-east corner of the farm, and got utterly beyond the control of the troopers. It was thought, however, that the arm would suffer little damage, as the wind was frequently changing, anditseemedatthetitne our reporter left the scene that at any moment the wind would change and blow the tire back on to the road, where little harm could be done. Somewhat late on Sunday oveiling additional troopers were despatched from the city, and they all used their best efforts to prevent the lire obtaining any hold on the farm. Although the conflagration covered a largearea and there are several dwelling-houses in the vicinity, the greatest indifference was manifested by the neighbors, most of whom having turned out at an early period of the day, presumably with the object of render ing assistance, retired when the fire was at its greatest height early on Sunday evening. To show the hold which the fire obtained it may be mentioned that numbers of opossums were discovered roasted whole, having apparently dropped from the trees BtJ'>efied by the smoke. Very little change took place after our reporter left the scene at 2 o'clock on Monday morning until about 6 o'clock, when the wind shifted and turned the fire in the direction of the Start. The wind did not, however, blow in this direction long, and so damage to speak of has been done in the vicinity. Before the desired change set in, however, a house and garden, tbe property of Mr. J. H. Symon, Q.C, H.P., stood a good chance of being completely destroyed. The property in question, which is rented by Mr. Walter Bradley, consists of a house and 70 acres of land, the latter being cultivated for market garden purposes. The flames again and again ?wept up to the fence, but a number of will inghands beat them back as fast as they came up. Finally the workers met with success, as they beat the flames out, and then the welcome change set in, and the toilers were able to rest nee from danger. The wind, which at 2 o'clock on Monday morning seemed to threaten the Government domain, fell away somewhat, bat later on it increased in force out changed in direction, going back to the same quarter from which it blew when the fire first broke out. The tire originated in a gully, and the constant changing winds blew it in all directions for some time, but on Monday morning after playing several capers it settled down into a steady south-east breeze. This proved to be most destructive, as the wind carried the fiery clement right up the centre of thegully,nsing tothetop of the ranges on each side. The gully is bounded on both skies by two roads, one being an old back to the left of the Government Farm, and the other is the Sbeaook Hill-road, which bounds the Government Farm on one side. The property on the left of the old track was not in any great danger, but all that situated at the bead of the gully, towards which the flames were driving, were in considerable peril. The police, who had been on duty the whole of the night, had their numbers considerably augmented on Monday. The neighbors also turned out in good numbers, out the two bodies combined could not beat back the enemy. The south- eastern corner of the Government Farm took fire on Monday morning, and although bat little damage has resulted, the people on tfae farm were carefully on the look-oat, and a number of men were kept at work driving the fire back. At one time, however, the flames rushed in with such great force that all efforts to get them under proved futfle for some time. The navvies engaged on the Naime line of railway were at work in the domain on tfae line, and had to throw down their tools and remove their tents to places of safety. With the exception of a little grass ana some fencing being destroyed it may be stated that the farm has not suffered any damage. Jut out side the Government property on the extreme cast are a couple of holdings belonging to Messrs. H. Fulgrave, who has eight acres of land, and H. Highers, who has 86 acres. Beth these owners grow produce for tfae markets, and as tho fire seemed to be threatening their property at every moment, they went out ana met it, and after some time succeeded in getting it under. The fire passed through the Government Farm after crossing the Sheaoak Hill-road, and then travelled across the range as far as the residence of the traffic manager (Mr. A. G. Pendleton). No damage, however, worth speaking of was done oa this the right side of the road. We now return to the gully, through which it swept with great fierceness, carrying every thing before it. It swept through Mr. T. Kemp's place, fortunately, however, escaping the bouse and tte best part of the garden. This place is situated to the west of Craters, and consists of fourteen acres of land. Adjoining this are two small cottages with blocks of land attached. One belongs to Mr. Joseph Tilley, and the other is rented by Mr. Grassland. These, however, escaped with but little damage. Haycroff s puce, which is situated in the townurip of Waverley, likewise although threatened received nodamageof any moment. Situated nearly at the head of the gully is the residence of Mr. W. B. T. Andrews. The wind blew the flames with great force np to this house ; but strange to say, although tfae heat was intense, and the balcony of the house caughtflre on one or two occasions the place escaped. It will not take much to repair Mr. Andrews'a loss, as it chiefly consisted of damage done by the heat rather than by the fire itself. In front of the house is the garden, which is low down in the gully, the trees and plants in which were scorched up. The raspberry and blackberry bashes were destroyed, as also were the walnut trees. The fire first 'approached the bouse at 3 o'clock in the afternoon, and as the place seemed in great danger the police ad vised Mrs. Andrews to remove with Ul3 rest of her family. This course, however, the lady did not deem it advisable to take, although the heat was almost unbearable. To snow how great the heat was it may be mentioned that nearly the whole of Mrs. Andrews's fowla perished. The fire has done a vast amount of mischief. It has burned tons and tons of fine timber and hundreds of tons of firewood. At this season of the year grass is none too plentiful in the hills, but if there wa3 little before the fire there is less now. This is a serious matter to thOEe who have stock, as in some coses hay will have to be purchased for cattle and horses. This is all to be deplored, and it is sad. The saddest case of all, however, that came under our notice was that of Mrs. Slater, who has been burnt out of hou?e and borne. The devouring element swept past Andrews'a and burnt Mrs. Slater's cottage to the ground. Mrs. Slater was at Ike time of the fire alone in the house, unices we Include three little children, only one of whom in able to take care of itself. The other two consisted of a little child and a babe in arms. At about 1 o'clock the flames cajne]bis£ing?Jid crackling with great force up tehgarden.andatonceatUckedfliehouse. The poor woman could only look for her dhitfien who were trusting to her for protection. With these she got.lnto a pUgepf sjK&r;, ! bouse. Tsroome ro?tow#re^aWw^e and the remainder of laths and plaster. The furniture was valued at £20, and the fruit which was destroyed was also valued at about £20. After causing all this damage the fire seemed to have burnt itself oat in this direc tion. When darkncE? set in there was every in dication of rain, and the gathering of the dark clouds was watched with great anxiety fey the eettlers in the district. Fortu nately for all interested, at about 8 o'clock a cool breeze sprui^ np, and was succeeded by a light falling of dew and then by a gentle shower of rain. The slight tall of water hed the desired effect, as it coon put an end to all burning bashes. At 11.30 the lire was virtually over; what remained of one of the most extensive bush fires in thu part merely consisting of a few stumps of trees and some thick dcadwood. Too much praise cannot be bestowed on the nsrmbers of the mounted-police force, who were present at the fire,' for their sp!ec<3id behaviour. The whole of the little force worked with great willingness, and duriijc a portion of Monday they had to labor in a space almost surrounded by fire. The rr.cn in the employ of Mr. T. Burnett, builder, turned out, and later in the after noon a number of navvies employed at the seventeen-mile camp left their work and lent assistance to beat back the names. 