LARGE FIRE AT BROWNHILL CREEK. One of the largest bush-fires that have ever taken place in the Mount .Lofty Ranges broke out at Brownhill Creek on Sunday morn ing, January 23. At 11 o'clock in the morning smoke was iLrsfc seen issuing from a clump of trees on the pro perty of Mr. John Williams, a grazier, at Brownhill Creek. Assistance was at once rendered to endeavor to get the flames under, but all efforts proved futile, and the devouring element rapidly sped over the grounds. A strong wind was blowing at the time, and as the sun was shining fiercely the odds •« ere all in favor of the fire. In the place where the fire first burst out there was little but dry grass and stumpy trees, which blazed with great iicrceness. The locality in question is situated between high ranges, and the wind was there» fore enabled to cany the flames along into the adjoining paddocks. At one time there was gieat danger that the homestead of Mr. Williams would be fired, bafe the wind suddenly veered round to the north east, and the dwelling-house was saved. The fire then spread on to the property of Mr. H. Foster, adjacent to that of Mr. Williams. There was a lot of dense timber and under growth here which rapidly caught fire, and the fiery element extended over the whole ot the land. A portion of Mr. Foster's holding, consisting of 290 acres of grazing land, was completely burned, and the damage done is estimated at several hundred pounds. In addition to this nearly the whole of Mr. Foster's fencing was de molished, the damage in this matter being roughly estimated at £150. So far this gen tleman has been the heaviest loser by tlia fire. When the fire broke out about 30 neighbors came to the rescue, but their efforts proved unavailing, a3 aided by a wind the flames spread with great rapidity. At 3 o'clock on Sunday afternoon Lance- corporal Hewitt and three constables were dispatched from the city to the scene of the conflagra tion. They chiefly confined their elEorts to keeping tho fire from spreading across the Sheaoak Hill-road into the Governmentfarm. The flames broke into the farm several times, but their advance was checked for a time. At 2 o'clock the fire obtained a good hold at south-east corner of the farm, and gob utterly beyond the control of the troopers. It was thought, however, that the farm would suffer little damage, as the wind was frequently changing, and it seemed at thetime our reporter left the scene that at any moment the wind would change and blow the fire back on to the road, where little harm could be done. Somewhat late on Sunday evening additional troopers were despatched from the city, and they all used their best eiforb to prevent the fire obtaining any hold on the farm. Although the conflagration covered a large area and there are several dwelling-houses in the vicinity, the greatest indifference wa3 manifested by the neighbors, most of whom having turned out at an early period of the day, presumably with the object of render ing assistance, retired when th3 fire was at its greatest height early on Sunday evening. To show the hold which the fire obtained it may be mentioned that numbers of opossums were discovered roasted whole, having apparently dropped from the trees stupefied by the smoke. Early this morning the wind changed and turned the fire, which is now raging fiercely in the direction of the Sturt, and if the wind which is now blowing continues it is feared that the fire will spread to a considerable ex tent before it is extinguished. Several con stables aie stationed at Government farm in case at any time the wind should change and the lire again be turned back in the direc tion of the farm. It beems that nothing can be done to stop the bpread of the fire because of the great hold it has obtained. A fic-sh force of mounted police arc to bo sent to the scene of the conflagration this afternoon to do what they can towards protecting propei ty from being injured by the lire. 