KITTY DUNOLLY; MY SCHOOLMATE. A VICTORIAN SKETCH. ( Goneluded.) B-£ G.E.C. Jack bowed, and, after the usual remarks, turned again to me. " I have brought Laurie and Sportsman down, for I presume Miss Dunolly can ride," he idled, interrogatively. Kitty bowed gravely. " One of the stock-boys is following with them. If you are ready, Constance, it would be better for us to start almost immediately. Miss Dunolly has a good, stiff twenty miles before her and home." . Jack hurried on in front to order a speedy breakfast, while Kitty andjffimiwed more slowly. JHHf • Mrs. Brown, the good ianaiaay, bustled about to some purpose that morning, for iu less than half an hour she had a good, steaming-hot breakfast on the table, and every, thing ready for starting. Tho ride was e beautiful, though rather risky one—up-hill and. down the whole way; with very often fearful abysses yawning beneath us, or frowning mountain-peaks towering overhead. But wo enjoyed it immensely, all the more, perhaps, for having been cooped up in a town for so many months. At last, about 12 o'clock, a.m., we reached the plain on- which Tildersley stands. Through the glossy, ever-green trees wo saw the gleam of whito roofs, and above them the pale wreaths of smoke, curling up from the himneys to the bright sky. Ohl homo ! home I Truely " there's no place like home 1" Myheart yearned towards it. Every blade of grass, "every,.flower that bloomed there, was dearer to me than .Vvorlds 1 I Baw ilitty's fino. dark.eyea sparkle with pleasure, the ripe lips parted into a sweet and tetter smile. " This ,fs home 1" she said softly, as her yes. Wandered from the bluo-vielcd hills in the distance, to the dimpling lake that lay bathed in dusky, ever- shitting shadows beneath the grove at our side—" Truely this is, homel " CHAPTER IV. We liad been home just three weeks, when one evening, soon after tea, Jack entered my little parlour with an anxious .cloud on his brow. "Constance," ho began, earnestly laying his hand on my shoulder... " One of the stockmen has come home from Deadman's Creek. -He says there's a terrific fire up there, and it is rapidly coming down on us. You are not afraid to stay here with the'women and old Cob, for father and I must go off post haste?" -. . He looked at Kitty as he spoke, and she said, eagerly: "No 1 O, No I We are not afraid," while I added, more tremulously, "No, Jack. Go, dear." He bent down and kissed my forehead as if to reassure me, and then, waving his hand gaily to Kitty, hurriedly left the room. As soon as be had gone, Kitty and I went to the verandah to try and see some signs of the cucmy. But there was no change in the fair, pale, evening sky; the dark belt of wood that encircled the fiat before us was even more void of smoke than usual, lor in these parts, during the summer, there is nearly always smoke lurking somewhere in the woods. The .golden stars began to pierce through the Heavens as we watched; the curlew whirled past us with his plaintive night-cry, and the solemn stillness of the evening fell on us like a spell. " Look 1 Connie," suddenly ciied Kitty, pointing excitedly towards tho western horizon. "Do you see that blush-like red upon tho sky yonder ? " I eagerly followed her eye, and sure enough here ioas a faint pale-red reflection very light, very distant, but still a reflection. nd as we gazed, with a chill, indescribable ind of nervousness creeping over up, the flush roadened and deepened, stretching along the ky with apalling quickuess, till at last, from :hind the front range there rushed up a ense, black cloud of smoke, followed, in a oment, by one long pale finger of fire. itty and I clung closer together, while we eard the excitable shouts of the servants ho were assembled near us on one of the awns, aud saw one of the selectors dash past s on horse back, crossing the flat in the direction of the fire. That one quiveriug flame was followed swiftly by -others, atad the fire, gaining in strength and quickness every moment, soon ad the sloping, thickly-wooded range (ine living mass of flames. Oil I dreadful and appalling sight, a bush-fire, aud yet, how grand! The red-hot trees with the firey flames licking their blackened trunks. The intense and awful darkness of the forest which they have not yet reached; while, standing out, in marked and startling distinctness, was every object • over which their lurid shadow had been thrown! The Flat! The Flat!" shrieked old Cob, the gardener, wringing liis hands that had withered iu ray father's Bc-rvice. " They must Stop it in the Flat, or we're done 1 If it gets a hold among them dry rushes, it'll make a clean sweep of everything I" It was evident the men had seen that, for presently, on the edge of the Flat, a jet of Same shot up, running well round it, aud effectually stopping the track of the destroyer. Old Cob clapped his hands in delight. We're all right I We're all right 1" Fire kills fire! God be praised for't." And so it did; the fire, baflled, receded quickly, while its opponent burnt slowly across the Flat, two or three men beating it out when it had spread far enough. There was no immediate danger now; the fire spread farther back into the forest, and the wind, providentially changing, moved it altogether from our ^direction. How. thankful were we to see father and Jock safely back again 1 Begrimed with Emoke; burnt on hands and and face; spent with fatigue— they were pretty objects! " It was a near toucher," Jack said. " If the wind had not changed, the whole station would have gone, for, though the Flat was safe enough, it would have had us at the back, to which it had beeu rapidly working." 4 1 Connie," began Kitty, that evening, as we stood by our window, watching tho dark mountain that, but a couple of hours before was raging in flames, and which now was darker than ever, although a lingering curl of flame and an occasional burst of smoke, told us that the foe was still to be feared," Connie, dear, I have a feeling that something is going to happen to me. I cannot explain, dear girl, but I feel it, Constance I I feel it 1" I gazed at her earnestly, as she passed her arm round my Bboulders, and drew me to her "You are nervous and excited, dear Kitty," I answered reassuringly, " and no wonder I" ' No, my dear, I am neither nervous nor excited, My heart is quite steady, Connie." There was an ineffable and lender loveliness in her eyes aE they met mine—a Btrange, fond yearning in her smile, as sho turned her face to me—pallid in the moonlight. " Kitty I Dear Kitty 1" I softly whispered. " Connie! Dearest Connie 1" she answered, kissing my forehead. CHAPTER V. The fire was as bad as ever I Not at tho homestead, but on tho North run, fifteen miles from us. Father and Jack, poor fellows, had to start off again; and we were left as before. There was no help for it; all the station-hands were wanted, though father left behind one erf the stock-boys with old Cob. This was the next afternoon. We were not frightened for ourselves, for there was no possibility of the fire reaching us again, but I was terribly anxious about my dear ones, and so, indeed, was Kitty. "You needn't feel anxious, Miss Constance," said Mrs. Thorn, tho old housekeeper, joining us in the garden. " Mr. Grey and Jack can take care o£ themselves—don't you young ladies worry." " Yes, Miss," added Cob, leaning on his spade, as he joined in the conversation with all. the sclf-assurauce of a privileged domestic, " Don't be a-feated, Miss Constance; they'll be hack in no time." , . , " I'm sure, I hope so," I answered faintly, watching with sinking heart, the red-gold disk of the Bun falling behind the range. Some-how ho seemed like a friend, and' my eyes wandered, wistfully over the quiet landscape warmly touched with his departing rays. " You are not having a very enjoyable time, I fear, dear Kitty," said I, as we passed into the house together. "Connie," Bbe inswerod, stopping under the flaming chandelier in the hall, aud placing her fair, slim hands on my shoulders. My dcareat friend, nay, my sister, Connie —ii you will have me—" (I laid my cheek, caressingly, on jone of her hands.) " Dear sister, my happiest hours have been Bpent here. This is the first rest that I have felt since my mother's death. I should like to tay here all my life, Connie; I should like to ieherel" ~ Oh l Kitty. Ohl my sister, yea, afl dear nd dearer to me than if we had, indeed, been orn so 1 Sitting in my desolate room I reember your words now—words, that despite he lapse of many years, are as fresh in my: emory as yesterday. Last night it had been ore mad, wild excitement than anxiousncBs; ut to-njght it was slow, torturing anxiety, ith nothing but our own thoughts to entertain s, everything outside being very quiet. Now nd again there came the shriek of a passing lack swan; or from the forest, the wild, rilling of a night-bird, and the howl of the ingo; but that was all. I went to the piano struck a chord, hut it choed so through the quiet room, that I felt lmost startled, and quietly crept back to itty's side. I I Perhaps -you would like mo to sit with ou, young ladies?" asked Mrs. Thorn, ently insinuating her long form through the alf-open door. " Ceitoinly," answered Kitty, cheerfully, eeing that the old lady was feeling lonely, nd was speaking one for us and two for herelf. " Certainly," I echoed, dreamily. 60 rs. Thorn with a-brightened smile, sat down; efore the fire screen, and complacently took' ut her tatting, everynow and again glancing indly at us girls as we reclined together on he Bofa. Somehow I felt nervous and unappy, and longed most intensely for father's eturn. Kitty, too, seemed restless, for Bhe ose and paced the room with hurried steps, ow and again stopping at the window to gaza ke&nly; out iuto the night, or lay her and, in a soft, caressing -way sho had, upon y head. Suddenly she stopped short by the window, and raised her right hand in a listening attitude. "Don't you hear voices; Connie? And you, Mrs. Thorn?" Wc went to the window and listened eagerly, but before I could speak the door leading into the hall flew open and Martha and Jane, two of the servants, rushed wildly into the room, crying, in terror-stricken voices— ' 0, Miss Connie 1 The bushrangers I The bushrangers, Miss Dunolly !" "What do you mean Martha?" asked Kitty in her calm, collected voice, passing her arm with an unconscious action around my shoulders. " Johnnie, the stock-boy heard them talking in tho yards, Miss Dunolly," explained Jane the younger and less terrified one. " They said it would be a good chance to Btick up the station as all the men were away. Johnnie heard 'cm say bo, and he run home as quick as he could, and told us." " Where is he now," asked Mrs. Thorn. " He ran off into tlic bush. O, what shall we do ? What shall we do ? " Wailed the first one, wringing her hands. " Where is Cob ? " asked .Kitty, quickly. " He's down in his hut, Miss Dunolly." "Kitty paled, but, as she was about to speak again, the door re-opened and Cob appeared. He.had a revolver in his hand. " 0! Cob is that you ? " oried Kitty eagerly " Come in ! Come in! " " What are we to do? " ho asked quietly. " Defend ourselves till Mr. Grey and the others return. It cannot befor long," answered Kitty promptly, and with her face pale but fearless, f We have no time to fty; besides that would be' eowardly. There are some fire'-arms I suppose 1" " Yes," answered Mrs. Thom, producing a brace of pistols and a revolver from a press seldom used, in the next room. " How many bushrangers are there Cob ? " I asked faintly. " Only two I think, Miss Connie, but there may be more near at hand, Johnnie only saw two in the stock-yard." Give methe revolver," said Kitty, taking it from Mrs. Thom, " I cannot use a pistol. Is it loaded, ? " " They arc all loaded. Miss Dunolly." Kitty and Cob, after securing all the back doors, stationed themselves at the two front windows, poor old Mrs. Thorn standing at tho side one with her pistol, for neither of the servants nor I could use fire- arms. "Hark!" cried Mrs. Thorn, "I hear voices 1" and Kitty without a word, though with hands that trembled a little, bravely threw up her window. " Who goes there ? " Her clear sweet voice rang through the air. • I shuddered all over. Who goes there? " I—Rollicking Jeml Jest open them doors my pretty miss, and let mc an' my mate in." Came from without. I was not frightened now ; but intensely, terribly, excited. I saw the same feeling in the faces of my companions. Kitty answered, promptly " I shall not let you in." " 0! come now," answered the man evidently greatly tickled at the last—"That's too good I that is, jest open that ere door a leetle bit, my pretty miss 1 " And now we saw his face, a wild, shaggy, wicked-looking face; leering and repulsive. " I will not let you in." Repeated Kitty, her hps whitening. " Here, none of this I" said another man, pushing himself forward. " You open that door you wench, or I'll make you I" and his revolver gleamed in the reflection of the lamp, as he pulled it from his breast. " You'wouldn't like a pill of what this holds, I suppose ?•" He asked, glaring at the white, determined, young face. "But open that door or I'll give you one." " What do you want ?" Asked old Cob, " We want money and food, and don't obect to a pretty girl or two, either." Answered he man—Rollicking Jim. Then the other ne clambered up on to the window-sill and laied ferociously in on us all. Tho men vidently did not know we had fire-arms, bat ow Kilty showed hers. " If you come an inch "further I shall fire I " he cried, wildly. The man —ith an oath, prang to the floor, nimbly followed by his mate. I saw Kitty's face set; there comes a " click click! and a groan, followed by a long, pierceing cry—and all is dark ! When I returned to consciousness I found myself in bed, with the sun shining brightly iu upon me. I looked round bewilderedly, and at the foot of the bed saw Mis. Thorn. "Where is Kitty? What has happened ? " I cried, sitting weakly up and putting back the hair from my eyes. "Lie quiet, Miss Constance, I will tell you bye and bye." " Have I been ill ? " " A little dear. You fainted tho night be. fore last. Don't you remember ? " 1 shook my head. " Where is Kitty ? I' " I will tell you bye and bye." Presently Mrs. Thorn left the room, and Jane came up and took her place. Her eyes wore red and swoollen, and her face veiy pale. " 0, my dear,' dear Miss Connie 1 " sho sobbed, falling on her knees by my bed-side, " I'm so glad you're better." " Thank you, Jane. But where is il'r Dunolly ? " »' 0 I Miss Connie, you mustn't talk, tho doctor says 1" answered Jane, hurriedly and anxiously. " Doctor 1" I echoed. " Yes, Miss Connie. Mr. Jack went for him yesterday." Just then Mrs. Thom returned and gave me wine and white jelly. Martha Blipped from the room in a minute or two, and the good housekeeper established herself in her former place. Another night came and past', and still she sat there, never seeming to go away—always there 1 • In the morning father and Jack came in to see mc. Both their faces were worn and haggard. They kissed me tenderly, and soon went away. .But I cried for Kitty 1 What bad they done with my Kitty, my eister 7 " Mrs. Thorn," I implored, " tell mc about Kitty I Where ie she ? Why doesn't she come to me? Tell me .1" " My poor child, you had better know the truth !" And kneeling by tho bed she gathered my hot and trembling hands in hers. " My poor Connie, I have Bad news for you. Listen, my dear, patiently." • What was this cold breath creeping over my heart ? I pressed my hands over it to still its beating. " Kitty—dear noble girl 1 shot tho taan, Tim, dead on the spot. The other one fired ather and—and wounded her. Just then your father and Jack returned, but the wretch escaped through the .window. 01 My poor dear Mifs Connie I Kitty died the next morning I" It is by her grave I am standing now— Kitty's grave. A quiet mound that lies alone by the side of the lake. No need of epitaph or monument for thee, dear Kitty I No need. The soft lapping of the water with the wailing wind is thy requiem, and for those who care to be reminded of it, the solitary grave tells its own story. The End. 