THE WEATHER IN NEW SOUTH ' ? WALES. IByTelegraphJ Sydney, January 7. The maximum heat m Sydney was regis tered to-day at 100° . in the shade. It was almost painfully oppressive throughout the day, and the city waa enveloped in a~dense haze owing to the presence of smoke irom tne surrounding - bush fires'. What made the weather, bo intensely trying was perhaps not ' so much the direct heat as the^ dry ness of the air. The average humidity of theair of Sydney is about 70°, but to-day it sank to 26°. Mr.- H. C. Russell, the Government Astronomer,' reports that the great heat last month was in excess of any thing he could remember during the past :twenty-five years. - Nb'other' December ever came near last month in prolonged intensity of. heat. . Ttie atmosphere remained very stifling to-night with clear sky until : about 11 ' p.m., when a southerly, burster sprang up, but there are no signs of rain. : : Yesterday was the hottest day recorded at Bourke for the past three years. The Go vernment thermometer registered 120° in the shade, but at some places it was as high as 126°, The country around is reported to be in a wretched condition, and stock are dving in all directions. At Gunnedah the glass Bhowed 119°, which was the hottest since January 11, 1882. The River Namoi is very low, and dead cattle are lying along the banks in great numbers. Many beasta are too weak to travel around the town on their way to the trucking yards, On Saturday forty -one trucks of -famished cattle from the Lower Natnoi left Guna«dah for the Hunter. The weather at Gulgong to-day was. frightfully jhot,' and' strong -westerly squalls 'prevailed, with oc casional hot whirlwinds; but there are nfl signs of rain. At Parkes to-day the ther mometer ranged from 110° to 115°, with clouds of dust and hot winds. Similar reports as to tha excessive heat has been reoeived from all parts of the colony, and want of rain is be coming a serious matter. Bushfires are also raging in several districts. A spark from tha engineof amail-train ignited t ho grass at North Wagga, and the flames spread with alarming rapidly across some acres of wheat, which, were consumed. In the Baga district the whole of the country is envolopodindenso clouds of smoke, and a large quantity of fencing has been burned, but the people wera successful in saving their homesteads. ' Water has not been known so scarce there f or the past twenty years. The heat was bo terrible at Coonamble yesterday that the birds dropped dead from the trees,' ' : , t 