HKZELWOOD NOllTy (From a correspondent.) Tuesday, February 5 Thinking that a report, ginvso idea of the natural capabilities of country around here would possibl prove interesting, I have ,tt-emp. San agriculural," with that objectI view. " The weather has beent t favorable to the growth of pastst and will also serve as a check again bush-fires, a danger that has hanm to-day given some of our landholder cause to fear. Commencing with tld holding of Mr George Bolding In state that that gentleman is credit with being the possessor of one of the best farms in the locality, compnrisi 320 acres, chiefly of rich black sod and through which passes a cle stream of permanent water, known le Bennett's Creek, the pasture consi.. principally of English grass and white clover, which thrives luxuriaontl while the farm from its moist natnal leaves it admirably adapted for hig class grazing. This proprietor car? on dairying operations pretty extia. sively, forwarding over 2001bs of but. ter each week to the IMelbourne markets, and, to better meet his convenience in this direction, he has of late had a large dairy erected at considerable cost. Mr B3olding cot. fines his farming experiments to the growth of hay, peas, and barley. The area cultivated seldom exceeding ?q acres. The produce taken the:efrom being carefully stored for the special purpose of cow feeding, raising and fattening of Berkeshires, no grain or other produce on the farm being di posed of. Poultry keeping too, receives some attention, there being about 400 fowls kept on the premises solely for the production of eggs. This landholder has also a fine or chard in full bearing which supplies a plentifulness of fruit for domestic use, while from honey alone Mr Bolding received a return of eighteen pounds last season. This showing the variety of profits that accrue from a well. managed and naturally rich fetmt. Mr Donald bhaw had a good oat crop this harvest, the return from which he expects will yield something over thirty bushe!s per acre. Thh gentleman has a fair-sized orcharnd, planted about two years ago, which promises well, and he has otherwise considerably improved his farm, which comprises 320 acres, by his steady, persevering manner in having the work of grubbing and clearing grade ally carried out. Mr Shaw's homo stead is situated on rattlher a pictur. esque site, and commands a splendid view from what is known as the tramway road. This landedpropriethr also dairies largely, and appears byh his style of farming to thoroughl understand what is known as prastiat rotation 'cropping. Mr Sommers' property comprise. some 600 or 700 acres of fair grazincg and agricultural land, of which about 40 are cultivated. From this he ha received satisfactory returns, while a large stack of good hay is carefully preserved for the use of stock during winter.' The proprietor, since pur chasing hisi present property, liha expended a large suns of money is improvements, including a fine dwel. ling house, out-buildings, fencing, etc. Mr Sommer is also all enthusiast in his selection of dairy stock, into whlich industry he eventually intends to en bark on an extensive scale, or rather to the fall extent his estate will pertit and in anticipation of such intention, he has already introduced many choice Ayreshire cows, likewise high class pedigree bull of same breed ; the latter taking first prizes at some of the national shows held throughout the colony. He is also the owner of several grand draught m res, with foals at foot, the progeny of that splendid sire, " Gunshot," son of "Big Gun," and now the properly of Mr John Watson. Mr Somer's homestead is nicely arranged, the house being situated in the centre of a large well kept garde-, which embraces a few ornamental trees to break the mono tony; these include pines, English oak, elderberry, etc., and their beauti ful foliage lending quite a charm o the place, while the neat appearatco of the surrou enlirgs reflo,,ts h al greatest credit on the taste and industry on the proprietor. I cannot close this report without a few words respecting the new indus tries around H.zelwood, I refer to Mr Len Wauttrick, who has now under cultivation somewhere about 200 walnut trees; also Spanish chestnut, etc.; all of which appear to be making rapid g:owth, and from the walnut trees alone Mr Wuttrick tell me in s few years hence he expects a return of one pound sterling per tree, or a gross profit of £200 per annum from this source alone. These ae the stamp of producers that will add wealth to the district as time advances. There are many other landholders residing it Hazelwood, that are equally deserving of mention for their several specialities in the way of fa?rm and garden man' agement, but which I must defer for a future.report. 