PICTURESQUE VICTORIA. By "THE VAGABOND." AROUND CAMPERDOWN. It is a smart pull to the top of Mount Leura. The wall of this extinct volcano is 600ft above the plain and 1,000ft above sea- level. The crater is about 300ft deep. From the centre of this rises a magnificent cone, known as The Sugarloaf. The dry basin, strewn with basalt rocks and lava cinder overgrown with bracken, lacks the beauty of the Red Rock and of Tower-hill. There is no water here, and consequently little vege- tation. The geologist may find a deep joy in investigating the evidences of prehistoric times, the extinct craters, basaltic columns, and lava beds; but the ordinary visitor to Leura will rather take interest in the fair and bright face of nature shining from the plains below us. It shines in glory from the north, from the south, from the east, from the west. " D. M." has recently described this scene from a " Western Hill-top," and as it is very similar to that from the Camper- down- park, I will not again particularise the items. From Leura, however, one obtains a better view of the forest fading away into a dim line, and of Purrumbete's charming lake and homestead. The verdure-clad delicious waters of this lake, I am told, abound with fish. From Leura one sees more fields under cultivation, the heavy corn-sheaves showing a bountiful harvest, the brown of the stubble contrasting with the deep green of the potato patches. This tuber grows here with a great prodigality of increase, as around Tower hill. Some land is cultivated right up the slope of Leura, Californian windmills giving a plentiful supply of water for irri- gation. In days to come, when the labour difficulty is settled and wheat-farming pays, thousands of these broad acres, on which cattle now feed and fatten, may be put under the plough, and population, which Camper- down sadly wants, be attracted here. "Rolf Boldrewood," an authority on these matters, says that "the district, including Messrs. Robertson's, Black's, Manifold's, and one or two other properties, having regard to soil, climate, pasture, and distance from a metropolis, is the very choicest area to be found in .the whole Australian con- tinent." Nature is always kind here, and this year the grass paddocks on Messrs. Manifold's and other estates about Camper- down carry 3,000 more cattle than last season. At least, so I am informed by a very competent judge. The picturesque here then, is also very utilitarian. One should scale Leura alone to be able to properly appreciate its beauties. The kindest cicerones are apt to distract one's mind, and my friend Mr. Superintendent Toohey, whom I am very much surprised to see here, is a disturbing element, as he reminds me of the last time we met on board the Dupuy de Lôme, at Sandridge pier, Reminiscences of the mur- dering matrons on that transport and specu- lations anent the recidivistes are not in accord with the magnificence of nature around us. Will the quiet, peaceful little township cradled at the foot of Mount Leura ever be troubled with war's alarms! Will the smart telegraph boy, who carries messages swiftly on his bicycle, which the Government cer- tainly ought to pay for, ever convey the news that the enemy is neat our coast ? Will the obligating Postmaster ever issue a Government bulletin calling for volunteers? Shall we ever have to fight for our shores? These are questions,which course like the trail of the serpent, over the half-hour of pure plea- sure I spend on this hill top. Slowly and sadly I descend with the very kind friends who have taken charge of me. And at night, at the club at Neylon's hotel, there is more speculation, on these topics. In another place where music and are are combined, I exchange pleasant memories of St. Hubert's Altogether, I find Camperdown most plea- sant during my few days' stay, and if tourists will but follow my example they will give me hearty thanks for pointing out the enjoy- ment they will experience here. Mr. Ben. Doling, of Koorfc-koort-nong station, organises a "rabbit drive^for mf ^cation. We have Tn eight-mile ride from Camperdo wn. Mr. R. D is my goatdian Rnge| on thi3 occasion.' "I'ro.S"* t^^rhest pioneers, fofmerly rrotector of the aborigines, and first Crown surveyor of the district Report saw m" hevT Zery ba^ heated by Govern SuiteA ^ often tbutJ fullv Bfmn . ®ot>" 18 still wonder strong and.active, and he is a mine nf Lakp'fw °n 4 till we rearft"/ho v. ^akeBookar*aleo salt, ago fove,of trees Planted many years &k.; °!i? T ^ebrated foe its ''jwa? fcbe faome of the bull "Ploi^ kL n» .^e horses "Tomboy"and wodd*^ A ?<^d^ estate thi? bu"if nnia n now ocl&br;&ted; for its rahbitH action* of M kept down by tbe energetic lien Bowling. Thia gentleman tralian il a sPecitn,ei1 a native-born Ans very " rf, f.°u would wish to see. I should and on, bJlk^f0 M-Lht»' % B- Brown. ductiotjfi. ?..»«««*!» ox our pro i. collection of dcftjrs. busrifis aUc0Sen h"? reminds onHftheKt toiOUoTgrt *?. EPfi5tnd*. After PW join ti L,?'- hospitalities 'we destruction hi % the scene of to°thea"Jorth has^Hc Smirkt -Mie? asJ°,A gjfc-»?»,» XthJfterXSr ^ ' flDA' take up a commanding position. Seated on rocks and "grass tussocks, ready to scare the hunted fop, we await events. It is one of the hottest days of the season. Koang and Kurt wee ton look brown and bare,' there is a dim haze over Mount Elephant, a bright glare all around, the only life and movement an eagle poiaing itself over the centre of the dry, swamp ready to'dart on some toothsome' raWwt. The rodents this hot day are lying in winter under the tussocks waiting the cool qJE/the evening to sally out and feed on the P?j®t®re8. Little they reck o£ their approach % fi,e ^ beaters march along the paddock side until three-quarters of a mile from the corral they Spread out across the end of the swamp, ana then, a few yards apart, advance in a long line, beating the tus Hocks before .them. Mr. Benjamin Dowling directs proceedings. Nearer and nearer they come, and the eagle Hies away in affright. As they approach tne line forms a half circle, ,tne beatera wave their arms, smite the grass Bavagely, and yell horribly. Each man has a_ particular Kind of yell, a patent combina tion of discords which he thinks will strike terror into the soul of a rabbit. As owing to the thick tussocks one cannot see any game, this all seems very absurd, and a great waste of energy on such a hot day. But nearihg the rockB where we sit, one sees a slight motion in the grass, and a few rabbits make a dash into the open and get clean away. So keen is the heart of man to hunt ana slay, that the kirk even becomes excited, and throws his waddy at a retreating rodent with a murderous aiui. When the line of beaters gets up to the mouth of the corral we close m and follow. Field-marshal Dowling has enough to do to restrain the impetuosity ot his men, who will break the line and push on too fast, when if a rabbit is lying close he is walked over and escapes for the time., Many do so. Now. and then the body of one of the enemy is thrown into the air triumphantly by some valiant slayer. But the rodents run from tussock to tussock very artfully. I do not take much stock in this form of , amusement I am armed with my ivory staff, heavy enough to kill a kangaroo, but I do not'care to engage in the work of destruction. But when a very small rabbit, with a wild and scared expression in its eyes, runs at me, I.make a stand. The animal is evidently clean daft, terror has de prived it "of instinct, and the bitterness of death is past. I chase it into the arms of the ('am per down Chronicle; he is equal to the situation, and. the press scores one. No guns have been allowed by Mr. Dowling, as pro miscuous shooting makes the rabbits break back, and when the game is all driven into the yard at the end of the corral the waddies perform tbe needful work. It isn't a nice sight or a high- toned mode of enjoyment, and the amount of hard work gone through and energy expended seem entirely out of proportion to the result There is a rush to the commissariat wagon, and much beer and spirits and soda are imbibed. Then the beaters again file down to the end of the swamp, again extend in line, again thresh the tussocks and yell with hoarse voices, and again beat out the brains and break tbe backs j i ot the enemy. Official record-A few hundred ] rabbits, two hares, a snake, and a bandicoot 1A drive is, it seems, the only way of getting rid of the vermin in tussocky land. At one drive, a few weeks back, 2,700 were killed, and at Mr. Cumming's station last year 6,500 wefce accounted foe. But it is about the meanest form of sport a man can assist at, and although I am very please&to; meet very nicepeople at Koort-koort-nong, I vow never again to accept this form of hospi tality.- - I . . Having made an excursion into the Otway Forest tp tbe Gellibrand, I am bound to make trial of the Heyteabunr, Forest and Curdie'a iliver. Mr. William Scott. is again my kind cicerone. -We start from Camper down early, taking the road nearly due south to Cobden. Our ponies travel well, and we make good time between the grassy paddocks and rich pastures of the Manifold estates. These are trenched as well as fenced, to save the posts and rails in case of a bush- fire. At Bostock's Creek there is a.shallow ford and a bridge for crossing -sheep. To the east is Messrs. Fisher's celebrated Jancourt sta tion. This is' entirely surrounded with a rabbit-proof slab-fence. We soon get into the forest country. Dr. Curdie's laud is to the right, succeeded by smaller selections. The mail-bpy from Pirron Yallock to Cobden canters by on a smart pony. I think of the rural postman tramping his 20 miles daily in England. "What a glorious country this is for everyone! Cobden is situated on a creek running into Cardie's River, nine miles south of Camperdown, and 130 west of Melbourne. It possesses a dam, q bridge^ four churches, public school, police station, j^ostrpfiice, tem perance-hail, mechanics' institute and pub lic library, a good hotel, storea.and me chanics' shops. There are also near here a saw-mill, a brickfield, and a renowned fell mongery. The population of the township is about 500, and, there has been extensive selection in tbe neighbourhood. In fact, the live look of things in Cobden shows that it must be one of the centres of a prosperous district It is pn the main roaa to Port Campbell, on Campbell Creek, between the Curdie's and the Gellibrand rivers. Port Campbell, I understand, is a place with quite a future before it . Some day I hope to see it and the beauties of its scenery, but now-we bear , off to the east to Elingamite school-.] house and lake. . The Bchoolhouse is the natural centre of the settlement of Elingamite. For Bome tea son, however, there is no school here to-day. There are a number of small settlements-all around here. It is a great district for small dairy farms. As we dnre round the lake we 'pass many smart and pleasant homesteads, where families have evidently been long settle^ and are -now reaping the fruits of prosperity after bearing the heat and burden of the day. Elingamite, or Elinummot, an extinct crater,. U; in itself the moat lovely late I have seen in tbe West. The banks rise SOft above the surface'of the beautiful, imre, fresh water, )ftnd thesebanks are covered With a fringe of tree* and.lushes, which over* hang the lake. A three-cnain reserve having been proclaimed all around Elingamite, the timber, has not been destroyed by ringing to feed a few sheep. Henoeit preserves the beauty which Buuenmerti.^nd Gnotuk have low.'^It J# nearly circular.ygnd about a mile a^ i haU WW****' Th« lake & tbe j&qprtaof; A large number of wildfowl, black swims «nd ducks, whom we now see sailing about in ptace and safety, the swivel-gun fiend having been abolished. There are plenty of ran in Elinfcamile, and it is cer tainly a placewhich tbe traveller to Camper down ought to visit Witbite girdle of trees and Jloweri&g; shruba-with the wildfowl on lis waters &bA;, the Mi leaping therefrom, tiiis remihdsme of som<$ bf our lonely! lakes in the'Nd^em 8tat&' lua a bejwityof primal nature which-I worship. TwdBtreams take their eoproe in this basin-the Elinga mite; and 'tii6 Brucknell, BrUcknpng, Gadgee Qreekr-o»e, of. which flows into the thaooean at WarrnambooL We have made 14 miles from Camperdown, where we -poll op tothesouth-eaet of Elin gamite atthe homestead of Mr. Elliott, who baa been aettled'.hete for 20 years. Here Mr. Qubbina, of Cdwlie's River, meets us, and kind wd courteous hospitality is tended. Mr. Elliott has 300 acres of land, on which he principally runs cattle. He also raises a number of pigs, nnd iitiUafea the marsupials by boiling down kangaroo flesh as food to turn into pork. There is a wonderful garden here which the rabbits cannot get at, and in spite of the devastation of.the parrots a con siderable amount of fruit ia raised and sent to market If the family circle of all Australian selectors were like this at the Elliott home stead it would be the better tor the country. There is a - homely "Cotter's Saturday Night" air about the establishment which pleases me very much. But we have not time to tarry here long. The track which we i now take is a thorough buBh one. The timber does not appear so heavy as farther east, but there is plenty which would repay for the erection of a sawmill. The banks, unfortunately, possess several blocks of land about here which they cannot get rid of. The rabbits,' too, are a great nuisance. Selectors are obliged to put up slab fences if they wish to keep any crop. There is an enormous amount of unproductive labour in this respect The poor selector who has not a bank, but has very often a usurer, at his back, is crushed And kept down by this scourge. Yet there are people aboutCamper down with such foolish ideas of political economy that, as amongst a certain class in New Zealand, they rather glory in the thou sands yearly spent by the squatters in this district in rabbit extermination, and refer to the value of the skins as a production of the district, forgetting that unless the policy of thorough extermination is carried out, it will be a question as to whether vast tracts of' our Australian soil will not be leit to produce fur instead of wool or wheat There has been more settlement south of Camperdoivn, in the Heytesbury Forest, than south of Co lac, in the Otway Forest. The soil around Curdie's River, which we are approaching, and between that and Scott's Creek, is of the very best character. Far ther eastward, near the ranges and the Gelli brand, they tell me, the country is not so good. The plateau land is covered with the grasstree. Xanthorrhea, which no one has attempted to utilise here by conversion into sugar, as in the Otway Forest, where the experiment was tried without success. Cur die's River, or Creek, was named after the explorer. Dr. Curdie. That gentleman fol lowed the stream to the sea, in 1845, experi encing much suffering, being three days with out food. At a distance of 12 miles from its mouth, at Curdie's Inlet, this river is 45ft wide and 15ft deep, and near the ocean the banks are 400ft high. But when we strike Curdie's River, some 17 miles south of Cam perdown, it presents a Car different appear ance. There has been a thitie-miles weari some journey through a bush of stringy bark and ferns, till we reach the selection of Mr. Ellis, native of Beaumaris, with whom I exchange a few words in 07, mr^, and ialsoremi niscences of Sir Richard Bulkeley. Here we find a party of holiday-makers, young men, from Warrnambool, who have been camping out, fishing and shooting, for a fortnight A very good time they have had of it They are bronzed and hardy, full of life and vigour. A proof of their prowess is afforded by the carcase of an enormous "old man" hanging from a tree. Near here there is a bi? thing in the Fern-tree Gully line, and also a number of limestone caves. The beautiful stalactites which adorned these have, .however, been broken off by Phi listine tourists. Here, too, the musk-tree grows in all its glory. With these primeval forest splendours, and game and fish plenti ful, the holidaymaker can have a glorious time in the Heytesbury Forest From the front of the house here there is a magnificent view. High bluffs and hills en circle a green valley, and form a complete amphitheatre. The Curdie's River winds through this ; the virgin forest surrounds the clearings below. There is a wealth of vegetation, which shows the fertility of the soil. Kignt and morning the dews and the sun alike combine to keep this gem of nature' fresh and' verdant A virgin forest* indeed! Here there is 'to be found no "dim trace of tribe or race." The woodland groves do not shade the dust of other days, or of other people. For in the dense bush in this district no natives were ever known. They shunned its deep solitudes. Civilisation, axe in hand, has come " bright and fair as the sun, clad in garments of glory." There is no gloomy past to look back upon. The successful present makes the settlers look forward to a more prosperous future. There are no reminis cences rare either of blackfellpws or gold. Mr. Panton, when commissioner, many years aga cut a track into the Otway Forest to see if any auriferous country could be found, a" track ndw overgrown by the forest and forgotten, but none ever sought for the precious mfttal here. It is entirely new country like that I saw on theGellibrand last week, but it is country which has been partly settled'opon, and its wealth exploited. Besides Mr. "Ellis's place, westward of Curdie's River Mr. Ingpen, now of Casterton, had a pleasant Jiomestead on the bank. But the chief pl&cein; the forest is that belong ing to^Mr. Gabbins. whither we are bound. Itris a property which has been in the pos session, of its owner foe seven years, and which snows practically what con be done with this.land. - * It is rchber&&t;«ep and breakneck path to ,the rivcr,tbujfc Air.' Gubbio e, junior, is a care ful whip, wurdie's River is here quite a bosky stream. It Hows quietly under pie groves of lightwood, $bich border its banks and de fine its couwje. It is choked up with drift wood and fatten logs in many places, so that it would not be a likely place in which to turn out salntpp, although our driver tells me that mulletajave been caught here-a rare occurence in fresh water and at this distance from theses. Bludk-fish, however, are plentiful in the deep holes.'^Across the bridge we are on the fertile cleared, flats. The house stands above ua on a snpll in the centre of the natural amphitheatre. We drive through the paddockB "and surver the mobs of fat bul locks feeding on the katural herbage as well as the clover and ryegrass which is sown here and there. Mr. Scott and my host ex change ideas as to (the nlue of these in Bal larat or Melbourne, fluking a-detour we ascend a saddle bf the $ili and drive along it to the house. -This is called "The Hoe, after that knoll, at Plymouth to which, on the close of & warn summer's day, three cen turies ago, a merchant Bfiupper brought news to the gentlemen and valiant captains, there playing bowls; of the appVoach of the dread Armada. For my host andhostess are Devon shire folk, of the county of Frank Drake. ,And so (ho Hoe oa the .banks of Curdie's Hiver commemorates the] place where the great sailor-and soldier wished his game, and I daresay won it, befdie sallyiu* forth to help to beat thfe^iSpaliiardsfifterwards." I have been BO long Ingfla&s; wbete the " Macs" and the " O's" rule, and perpfeljuate memories of the heather-covered slope* of Scotfend and the green sod of Irelauo, tiwt this touch of old England in the Heytesbury Forest je quite welcome as a change. Bat the company assembled here to meet us at the early dinner is composed of young Australian natives. Vet not Devonshire itself can show fairer and rosier complexions or clearer eyea Our race is certainly im proving, and not deteriorating, in this colony. I could imagine myself in the West of Eng land once more. "Junket" and dotted cream and strawberries, and fruits and cakes, such as in my younger days I, reckless of my liver, caroused on In country houses in Devonshire form part of the least. Sir Amyas Leigh, Knight; no doubt fed on such cakes. We have a rare talk about the West Country, of Biddeford and Clovelly, Dartmouth and Dartmoor, Plymouth and Exeter, Then English ballads are sang, and I am completely happy. Here in the midst of a primal forest there .is a charming homestead aud a happy home-life which is aa surprising to find as it is pleasant to sneet^ with. After dinner the view from a chair pn the verandah is particularly attractive This now 6eems the very Happy" Valley we have all dreamt of. The fertile meads below, the glorious beauty of the forest, the big trees towering up to the sky like the masts " of some tall amiral." the bleached, dead timber,1 grand even in aecay, the grove on the river bank, the loveliness of form and outline-all this combined makes one feel that this is a place where one would delight to dwell, and " Whistle bade the parrot'* call, and leap the rain bows of (he brooks; Not With blinded eyesight poring over miserable books." I candidly admit, however, that the dinner and the society have a considerable effect in I producing this frame of mind. i A grand sight, indeed, it must have been ! to see the bush fires, naming In the valley below. "The Hoe" then was an island ioJ the midst'of a-burning sea. Much of thgs timber being killed by fires or ringing, the? natural grasses grow luxuriantly and fatten 09 fair an average of cattle and sheep as on the Maniford pastures. For agriculture does not pay here: Of the 1,400 acres which Mr. Gubbins owns, the plough has only this year turned up a patch of three acras for potatoes and a field sown with oats. The difficulty in obtaining labour is so great that the pioneers here at seed time only plant and sow what roots and cereals they requite for their own tase. But the 'soil is magnificent and will grow anything. . The fruit .trees in the garden at the Hoe, only planted a" few years since, and which bear BO plenti fully as to surfeit the parrots, the vege tables and the luxuriant flowers, sufficiently evidence the quality of the land. I believe that hops would grow splendidly here as on the selections in theOtway Forest, but the labour question again interferes with the idea of hop-growing. In the Heytesbury bash - no man need attempt anything which the strong arms of himself and sons cannot carry through. And there has been hard, work here at the Hoe. No laggards at labour have made this place what it is. Pioneer lite in this forest is, however, full of incident There is far more to in terest one than on the flat open plains. Par exemple, here on the diningroom floor is the tawny skin of an immense dinga Many a calf, many a lamb, this cost the pro prietor of the Hoe; many a night my young mend sat up in ambush; many a poisoned I bait was laid which the brute passed in1 disdain. It was shot at last in broad day light whilst rounding up a flock of sheep. A lonely life this of the pioneers here. Mr. Pascoe's is the next fann to the Hoe. I have pleasure in visiting and shaking hands with him. Three miles down the river at Scott's Creek, and six miles off at Cowley'B Creek, there are settlements. But if better means of getting to market were provided this magnificent country would be opened up. A rail way or tram-road through from Camper down to the sea could easily be constructed, j It wonld be a public as well as a private benefit For the sake of the pioneers I hope some facilities in this line will soon be afforded them, tor of the many very pleasant memories I carry away with me from the West that of the trip to the Heytesbury Forest and the Hoe will not be the least pleasant 