Picturesque Victoria. BY "THE VAGABOND." AROUND CAMPERDOWN. It is a mart poll to the top of Mount Xeora. The wall of this extinct volcano is 600 ft sbo?e the plain and I.oooft. above m? lerel. The crater it about 300 ft. deep. From tho cent™ of thu rise* a magnificent con*, known as The Sugarloaf. The dry basin, strewed with basalt rocks aod lara cinder overgrown with bracken, lacks the beanty of the Re.l Rock and of Tower-hill. There is do water here, and consequently little vegetation. The geologist may find a deep joy in investigating the eTidence* of prehistoric times, the extinct enters, basaltic columns, and lara beds; but the ordinary visitor to Lenra will nther take interest in the f%ir and bright face of nature shining from the plains below ns. It shines in glory from the north, from the south, from the east, from the west. •• D.M." has recently described this scene from a " Wes tern HQI-top," and as it is very similar to that from the Ounperdowo. park, I will sot again p*rticolan? the items. From Lenra. however, one obtains a better view of the forest lading away into a dim line, and of Porrumbste's charming lake and homtsttad. The verdure-clad delicious waters of this lake, I sm told, abound with fish. From Leura one sees more fields under cultiva tion, the heavy corn-sheaves showing a bountiful harvest, the brown of the stubble contrasting with tho deep preen of the potato patches. This tuber grows here with a great prodigality of increase, as around Tower-hill, land is cultivated right up the slope of Lenra, CilifornUn windmills giving a plentiful supply of water for irriga tion. In d*y? to com*, when th<> labor difficulty is settled and wheat-farming pays, thousands of these broad acre*, on which cattle now feed and fatten, may be pnt nnder the plough, and population, which Camperdown sadly wants, be attracted here. " Bolf Boldrewood." an authority on these matters, says that " the district, including Messrs. Robertson'*. Black's, Manifold's, and one or two other properties, baring regard to soil, climate, pasture, and distance from a metropolis, U the very choicest area to be funnd in the whole Australian con* tinent." Nature is always kind here, and this year the grass paddocka on Messrs. Manifold'i and other estates abuut Cimper down carry 3,000 more cattle than bit Mason. At least, to I am informed by a very competent judge. The picturesque here. then, il also very otilitariao. One abonld scale Leura alone to be ablo to pro perly appreciate it* beauties. The kindest cicerone* are apt to distract one's mind, and my friend M.-.J-cperinteiideot Touhey. whom I am very much surprised to see herr, is a disturbing element, aa he reminds me of the last time we met en board the Dopay de Lome, at Sandridce pier. Reminiscence! of the murderin; matrons on that transport, and speculations anent the Trnliristt* are cot in accord with the magnificence of nature around us. Will the quiet, pe&cefnl; little township cradled at the foot of Mount Leura e?er be troubled with war's alarms? Will the smart telegraph boy, who carries mrssagei swiftly on his bicycle, which the Government certainly ought to pay for, ever convey the news that the enemy is near our coast! Will the obligine Postmaster ever issue a Government bulletin calliog for volunteers? Shall we ever have to fight for oar shores T These are questions which come, like the trail of the serpent, over the half-hour of pure pleasure I spend on this hill-top. Slowly and tadly I descend with the very kind friends who have taken charge of me. And at night, at the club at Key loo's hotel, there is more speculation on these topics. In another place, where music and art are combined, I exchange plea-ant memories of St. Hubert's. Altogether, 1 find Ctmperdown most pleasant during; my few days' stay, and if tourists will but fol low my example th*y will give me li?arty thanks for pointing out the enjoyment they will experience here. Mr. Ben. Dowling, of Koort KoGrtnong station, organises a ** rabbit drive " fur my amusement and edification. We bare an eight mile ride from Camperdowu. Mr. B. D. Scott is my guardian angel on this occa. sion. He was one of the earliest pioneers, formerly " Protector " nf the aborigines, and first Crown surveyor of the district. Report says that he was very badly treated hy Government. Valuable services are very often thru requited. Mr. IL D. Scott is ■till wonderfully ttrong and active, and be ii ? mine of information to me. The re is a good road by Lake Colon;a!ac ami Lake Bookar, al*o ?%It* lili we reach the home stead. The station ia the property of Mr. J. G. Wire, of Warrnamboo!. Sitmted on the open plain, the fine residence ani gar dens are sarroundol by a magnificent grove of tree* planted many years ago. K?ort Ko .rtnonj n< celebrated fur its ?t?ck- This was the home of the boll •* Battetfly," and the hone* " Tomboy " and •• I'loozhboy." A goodly estate this, bat it would be now celebrated for it* rabbits unless they ware kept down by the energetic action >f Mr. Ben. Dowling. This gentleman is as grind a specimen of a nstive-horn Au>tr&!ian a> yon wunld wish to see. I shonli very mnck lik? to mret him, Mr. B. Br<ivn. aad .me nf the Janiine Brothers at the O>ljaU! Kibibi tion in ISS6, and point them oat to Britishers as specimen* of our productions. Die collec tion of dr?i?. ba^giea, ill h m>men here reminds one of the meet At a e>>ursing match ia Engfan.l. After partalcng of Mr. Djwliag's hr>*pitaKtieii we join the party and en route to the >cen? of detraction, ia a paddock unieronc of the Clnrenhillr, two porua? baultic Undmarbs to the surtb, where the rodents have their haotea and in crease and multiply. V-*?en a halt is called the hone* are on hitched and ii.nl to tbe fences, the dis mounted horsemen each take a wadJy fruin ? heap cut ready for tbe purpotr. oolr the three yoaag ladies remain in tbe saddle. "We are a motley throng—a fellow Yoricfcer. who tarns ay here nnespectrdly ; a rambler in Fiji ; ancient ?joitt?r? ; Mr. Macarthnr, of Meuingaort, whom I have great pleuure in meeting. & pion-tr of '39. who was here •iz moothi alter the ilanifuld**; another pioneer of the wot, a friend of " K?lf Boldrewoo.l'a;" ? banker; roy editorial brother of the Comptnlatcn Chronicle ; the Scott*. Wi>liam and R. !>.. b?ta in them selves ; landowner*, firmer*, station banda, a billiirdmarkvr, two Chinamen, a poet, city j mat, young barrister*, larrikin*—all nuke up a crowd of near.hr 100. All arm them selves, even tbe Kirk taking a waddy, and then snm: 90 beatrrj de≤ down the fence of tbe swampy paddock, which, filled with large grass tnnoeka. is a favorit" recreation place of the rabbit* from the Ctoren-hills colony. A fence of wire netting 2Jft. high has been elected, forming a corral racUmng the tuwock", nearly a quarter of a mile in width at the month and narrowing cad Icoly into a small circular yard. There are a few burrows under ?ome basalt rock* cropping oat of the ground at the commencement of the netting, and it is here that there i.? likely to be a rash fur life and liberty. So h-re the old general', amongst whom I n?k, take vp a cammsndJDj position. Seated on rocks ■■d ?rw? t??*v?k?, rndjr M snr* tk< kMM "Mi^twraitevent*. ititsMof ta*hottest ?ajrs of the iwason. Ko?og and Rurtwceton look brown and bare, there is a dim bsze over Mount Elephant, a bright glare all around, the onlj life and movement an eagle poising itself over th* centra of the dry swamp ready to dart oa some toothiome rabbit. The rodents this hot il?y are lying in shelter under the tussocks waiting* the cool of the evening to gaily out and feed on the pasture. Little they reck of their ap proaching doom ! In single file the beaters march along the paddock side nntfl three-quarters of • mile from the corral they spread out across tha end of the swamp, and then, a few yard* apart, advance in a lone line, beating the tussocks before them. Jlr. Benjamin Dowliog directs proceeding.. Nearer and nearer they come, and the ?agle flies away in affright. Aa they approach the line forms a half circle, the beaters wave their arms, smite the grass savagely, and yell horribly Eich man has a particular kind of yell, a patent combina tion of discordi which be thinks wilt strike terror into the sonl of a rabbit As owing to the thick tnssorks one cannot see any game, this all seems very absurd, and a great wwrte of energy on sneh a hot day. Bnt nearing the rocks where we sit, one sees a slight motion in the grass., and a few rabbiu make a dash int.. the open and ret dean away. So keen is the heart of man to hunt and slay that th? kirk e?n becomes excited, and throws hit waddy at a retreat ing rudent with a murderous aim. When the lino of beaters gets np to the mouth of the corral we close in and follow Field marshal Dowliag hss enough to do to restrain the impetuosity of his men, who will break the line and push on too fast, when if a rabbit is lying close he is walked uver aod escapes for the time. Many do so. Xow and then the body of one of the enemy is thrown into the air triumphantly by tome raiiant slayer. But the rorienta run from tn-sock to tussock very artfully. I do not take much atoek in tbis fnrm of amusement. I am armed with my ivory suff. heavy enou s h to ki.'l a kangaroo, hnt Ido not csre to ei-gaje in the work of destruction. But when a very small rabbit, with a wild and scared expression in its eyes, runs at me, I make a s*.and. The animal is evidently clean daft, terror has deprived it of instinct and the bitterness of deaih is pa?t. I chaw it into the arms of the Campenhncn ChronuJe ■ he is equal to the situation, and the press scores oar. Xo guns have been allowed by Mr. Dowimg.as promucuona t hootio(; mskea the ratrbit* break back, aod when the psme is all driven into the yard at the end of the corral the wajcii.-* perform the needful work. Jt isn't a nice sight or a high-u.ntd mole of enjoyment, and the amount of hspl work gone through and energy expended se?m entirely out of proportion to the result. There is a rush to the commissariat wagon and much beer and spirits and soda are im bibed. Then the beaters again file down to tbe end of the swamp, again extend in line, again thresh the tussocks and yell with hoarse voicrft and again beat out the brains and break tbe back* of the enemy. Official record—A few hundred rabbits, two hares, a snake, and a bandicoot. A drive i?. it seems, the ?.nly way of getting rid of the vermin in tusweky UdH. Al one drive a few weeks back, 2700 were killed, and at 11 r. Cummiug'a station J?st year 6500 were accounted for. Bnt it is about the meanest form <if sport a man can assist at, and although I am very pleased to meet very nice people at Ko-rt Koortnong. I vow never again to accept this form of hospitality. Having tnxde an excursion into the Otway forest to the Gelliliraud, I am bound to m?ke trial of the Ileyteshory forest and Cnrdie'* K'ver. Mr. William Scott is again my kind cicerone. We start from Camperdown early, taking tbe road nearly due south to Cbbden. Our ponies travel well, and we mske good time between the grassy paddocks and rich pastures of the Manifold estates These arc trenched as *ell ss fenced, to save the ports and rail* in cas% of a bush-fire. .At?ontock's Creek there i? a shallow ford and a bridge for crowing sheep. To the east is Messr*. Kialiei'scetebiaiedJancourt station. This is eutirely surrounded wi?b a rabbit-pioof slab fence. We a-ion get into the forest cuuntry. Dr. Curdie's land is to the right, succeeded by smaller selections. Tiie mail* boy frura l'irron Yaloak carters by ou a smart pony. I think of the rural postman tramping his 20 miles daily in KngUnd. What? elonnut country' thi? is for every, oue! Cubden i? f United on a creek running into Conlie'i River, nine miles south of Camperdown. and 130 west of Melbourne. It poMeves a dam, a bridge, four churches, public school, p >lice station, post office, tem perance ball, mechanics' institute and public library, a pood hutel, storm, acd mechanics' shop*. There are also near here a sawmill, a brickfield, and a renowned fellmonpery. Th? population of the township is about 500, and there hss been extensive selection in the neishborhood. In fact, the lively look of things iii Cobden snows that it must be one of the rentrrs of a prosperous district. It is m the main read to Port Campbell, on Cimpbrll Creek, between the Curdie*s and the Uellibnnd rivers. Port Campbell, I an.lrnnsnJ. is a place with quite a future before it. Some day I hope to see it and the beauties of its scenery, but no? vr? bear off to tbe east to £lingamite schoolhouse and lake. The schonlhouse is the natural centre of the s-ttlcuieut of Klin^amite. For some re* nm. howtver. there is ai school here to-day. There are a camber of sraill tettlemeaU all around here. It is a g'rat district fur small dairy larras. Ai we drive ri.aud the Uke we pus many smsrt and pleasant houie ste&ls;, where families have evidently b>en long irttlrJ. ami are now reaping thi fruit* of pn*p?ity alter beariug the heat and burtlea ?f the day. KlincuuiUr. or Klinum mot, an exiioct'crater, ia in itxlf the most lovely laks I have ?e?o in the west. The Unks riK- 30ft above the surface vf the Usiutifol, pare, fresh wtter, aod thrse banks ?re c .?wl ?iib a friug- of trw* and Imfhcs, which overhang the lake. A three chain rr?erve bavins; leen proclaimed all • round Elin?amite. the timber has not bren destroyrd by ringing to feed a few sheep. Hrnce it prei-ervot the beanty which Bnll?n -ntrrri ami Cuoltik have loit. It is neatly circnlar, ->nd about a. mile and m half in dia toeti-r This l<ka is the rrsnrt nf a Urge number of will f.wl, back swans and duck", whom we now set railini: al>iut in pt?c* and aafety. the solvrl.gnn fiend baring bern al-oli>bed. There are plenty of fiih in Klingamite, aod it is cerUinly a i*!*ce which the travellrr to Campetd'iwu might to visit. With it? (jinlle of trers sod fl iwrrins >hruba, with thi wild fowl on ita watrra and the ti-h leaping therefiom, thi* remiu'l* me of some ?f our lonely lakes ia the Northern States. It h? a beauty of primal nainre which I w<>r?hi|>. Two atream-> tJce iheir tonrce in thin basin—the Eling^mite an>l the Brockuell. Brnrknung, or Cud^ee Creek — on" of whict flowa into th? Mount Emu Crerk. aud th<\- oth-rinto the Hopkins, tv ' swell ths waters which How into the ocean at Warrnawbuol. We hare made 14 miles from Camper down, where we pull up to tbe south-rant of Klingtmite at the homestead uf Mr. KllioU, i wh-> has be*n settlrd h-re for 20 years. | Her* Mr. Oal.bim. of Curdie's River, meete as. and kind and coartcai h?pitahty is tmded. Mr. Klli.tt has 300 urci of land, on ? hicb lie principally mn? cattle. Ua alia r?itej a iiuinlter of |,ig^, aud ntilisen the marsap'its by Ironing >lowu kangaruo Qesh as f'Hui to tarn into pork. Tb^re U a won derful ganlen here, which the ral>bit? cannot get at. and in npito ?' the devastation nf the parnits a con-*i>leralil? Amount • f fruit is r?L?ed and ?ent to tnuke. Jf tbe family tircle t-f all Australian selectiira were like thi* at tbe Elliott homestead it would be the better f?- tbe crmntrr. There ii a homely | "Cotter'? Saturday Kigbf air aliou: the eftablifhmtDt which plsa??s m* very much. Bat we lure not time to tury here \om. Tbe track which we now take is a thorough bnsh oar. The timlKr does not aiip-ar ?•> heavy as farther taat, bat there i? pleat; which would repay for the erectino of a saw mill. The haik", anfortutiately. po??et* Srvetal blucks of Uu.l atxmt htre which they cannot gel rid ~f. To-; rAl>b=u, t.?. are a ! (Treat naisancr. Sel^t.,r!i are utili^-.! to put np *lab fenc-? if they wi?h to kr-p any i-P'p. I I There is an ennran.ai nmoant ?.f uupM-iuc- j tive labor in thi? r^r>-c:. The p^x.r frl.ctor ; wbo has not a bank, Lat b.-u very ul-.vn a ' usurer, it his back, ir cmshfl >>n'l krpt I down by this ecoarg?. Yet tbere are people ; ?Snat Camperdown with ?nch foolish idea< if j political Kjinomr tlial, as atnooyst a ccitjin i titm la lf?w StuUmi, tht/ rs*h?r ?lurjr >■ tie thorn*** yearly *?•** by the ?qii??f?r? I in this district in rabbit extermination, anil ; refer to the value of the fkin? as a prnduc tion of the district, forgrttinj; that unle?? the policy of fhnronph extermination in carried out, it will lie a ideation v to nhnthcr T??t tracts i.f our Australian noil mill not he left to produce fur instead of wool or wheat. There ha? been more Mittlcraent sooth of Camiwr.lown, in the Heytesbury forest, than south cf Colac, in thn Otway forest. The soil arouml Curdie's ltiver, which we nro ap proaching, and between that and Scott'a Creek, is of the Tcry best character. Far ther eutwanl, near the rang** and theGelli brand, they tell me, the country i? not to gnotl. The plateau 'and i? covered with th gnuetrcc, Xanthorrhta, which no one hai attempted to utilise here by ronreraion into aiiffar. a* in the Otway forest, where the experiment was tried without success. Cur die's Hirer, or Creek, m named after the explorer. Dr. Cardie. That gentleman fol lowed the stream to the sea, in lfvlj, experi encing much suffering, being three days without fo <I. At a distance of 12 milt* from it* mouth, at Cardie* Inlet, this river is 15ft wide and 1 lift deep, and near the ocean the hanks are 400 ft. high. But when we strike Cardie's Hirer, ume 17 mile? south of Camperdown, it presenta a far different appearance. There has been a three-miles wearisome journey through a bush of stringy bark and ferns, till we reach the "election of Mr. Ellir, native ■ f Beaumaris, with whom I exchange a few wonis in Cymry, ami al*o reminiscences of Sir Richard Buikelcy. Here we fiod a party of holiday-maker?, young men, from Warrnambool, who hare b?ea camping out n>hiug, and ch?oting. for a fortnight. A very good time they hare had of it. They are bronzed and hardy, full of life and vigour. A proof of their proweaa i? afforded by the circase of *n enormous " old man " banging from a tree. Near hern in a big thin? in the Fern-tree Golly line, ami also a nnmher of limestone are.. The beautiful stalactites which adorned the** hare, howercr. been broken off by Philistine tonri?ts. Here, ton, the mask-tree grows in all its glory. With these primeval forest "plendrurj. and game and fish plentiful, the bolidaytnakrr can hare a glorious time in the Heytesbury Forwt. From the front of the hnuse here is a msiruiticent view. High hlnus and hills en circle a green valley, and form a complete amphitheatre. The Cardie's River winds through thi?; the virgin forest surround* the clearings below. There is a wraith of vegetatior-, which shows the fertility of the •oil. Night and morning the dews and the sun alike combine to keep this pro of nature fresh and verdant. A virgin forest, indeed ! Here there is to be fnnnd no " dim trice oF the tribe nr race." The woodland grove* do not shade the du>t of other dsys, or of other penpU. For in the deose bu-h in this district no natives were ever known. They shanned its deep silitade*. Civilisa tion, axe in hand, has come "bright aod fair as the sun. clad in garments of glory." There is no gloomy past to l<?k back npno. The successful prevent makes the settlers look foriraid to a m?re rro*peroa? future. There are no reminiscence* here either of bhckfellowt or gold. Mr. Vanton. whfn commissioner, many yesrs afro, cut a track into the Otway Forest to see if any auriferous country could be found, a track now overgrown by the forest and forgotten, but none ever sought fur the precious metal here. It ia entirely new country tike that I saw on the Geliibnnd last week, bnt it is country which has been partly settled upon, and iv wealth exploited. Besides Mr. Klli?"? place, westward of Curdie's River Mr. Ingpen, now of Caiterton. had a pleasant homestead uu the bank. But the chief place ia ths forest is that belonginc to Mr. Gubbint, whither we are boand. "It is a property which has l?en in the possession of its uwi.er for seven years, and which shows practically what can be done with this land. It is rather a ?teep and hretkneck path to the river, bat Mr. (iubbins, janior. isitcue fat whip. Cardie's Kiver is here quite a boaky stream. It flow* qnietly under the groves of ligbtwood, which border its banks and define its coarse. It is choked up with driftwucid and fallen logs iv miny places, ?o that it would sot be a likelj place ia which to lorn out salmon, mlthoagh nar drirer tells me that mallet hare been caught here —a rare occurrence ia fresh water and at this distinct from the ?ra. B!?ck fish, how ever, are plentiful, iv the deep boles. Across the bridge wr are on the fertile cleared flats. The bou<e stands above us on a knoll in the centre of the natural amphitheatre. We drive through the paddocks and saivey the >nnbs of fat bollocks feeding on the natural herbaga as well as the clover aud ryci;rag? which is sown here and there. Mr. Scott and my hoit exchange ideas at to the value of these in UaUarat or Melbourne. Making a detour we ascend a saddle of the hill and drive along it to the bouse. This is called "The Hoe,"after that knoll at Plymouth to which, on the close of a warm summer's day, three centuries ago, a merchant skipper brought news to the gentlemen and valiant captains, there playing bowls, of the approach of the dread Armada. For my host and hostess are Devonshire folk, of the country of Frank Drake. And so the Hoe on the banks of Cnrdie'* Kiver. com memorates the place where the grrat t-ulor and soldier finished hi? game, ami I daresay won it, before sallying forth t.. brl|> to beat the Spaniards afterwards. I have bern (•olo'u in places where tha "Mies" and **GV ** rule, and perpetuate memories of th? heather-covered dope* of Scotland and the ureen sod of lreUnJ, that thi? touch of Old England iv tha HeyUsbury purest is quite welcome as a chaui;*- But the company assembled here to meet as at the early muner is compose-! of young Australian natives Yet not Devonthire itself c?n *bow fairer aod nttier complexi"?s nr clearer eyes. Onr race is certainly im provii>3. nnd uot deteri'tratine, in tliii col ny, 1 could iiuagine myself in the West of Eng land once more. "Jnnket" ?od clotted creana and strawberries, and fruits and c?ker. auch as in my younger days I. reckless of my liver, caroused on in country bouses in Devonshire form pait of the feast. Sir Amyas Leigh, Knight, ro doubt fed on such cake*. We have a ran; talk shoot the West Ginntry, <>f Biddeford and Clovelly. Dirt mouth and Dartmoor. Plymouth and Exeter. Theu English ballad* are sang, and I am completely happy. Here in the iniilst of a primal f?rest there ift a charming homestead and a happy home-life which is as surprising t > fin.l as it is pleasant to meet with. After dinner the view from ? chair on the verandah ia psrticulsrly attractive. This nnw seems tba very Happy Valley v? have all dreamt tit. The ferti c meads below, the glorious beauty of the forest, the In; trees towering op to tha ?ky like the masts "nf some tall amirs]," the bleached, deal timber, grand eveu in decay, the grove on ths river bank, tho loveliness t.f form aud outline—all tbi? euinbined snakes one feel that this is a place where one would delight to dwell, and "Whittle buk tb< parrot* cilt, and Imp the rain bww* of the bn*?\?. Xoc wiih Minded qraignt poring onr mlambte' l**ok*." - ' •■-. I candidly admit, however. tb?t the dinner mnit the tociety hare a considerable effect io producing tbia frame of mind. A grand light, indeed, it matt have keen ti> m the bath tires flaming in the ralley below. "The Hoe" then was *n Uland in the midit of a burning tea. Much of the tiin'-cr being killed by fire* or ringing, the natural graoaet grow luxuriantly and fatten as fair an average of cattle a.?t aheep a? >o the Manifurd paaturrs. For agriculture doea not piy here. Of the 1,400 acrr? which Mr. Cnbbins owm, the pliiugh li?? only this year turned up a patch of thrre acrrx t.ir potables and a field io?u with oat*. The difficulty in obtaining 1?1> >ur i? so great thot the pi'-nren) here at aee<l time only plant and w* what riiotu ami cerraia lh*> rti|uir? for their own US'. lin'. the f.il is magnificent |an 1 will iz'ow ?Dyth;cy. I'lie fruit t'eea in the ganlrii at th? Hie, ouly planfd > few yean sincr. and which l>ci>r h> plentifully ?• to auifcit the p.irro'l. th* vt^eubies aml'the luxuriant tlowvra, >ut?cit:iit!y eviiieuce the ijuality >>f the lunl. I brlicte tli.it hopa woul<l gruw ?pleu (i.i:_v here at on the telectiou* in the Oiwuy K.ir^.t, but tb? Ulvmr -|Ur?lio'i agaiu iuteif-rc? with thn Kin u f li M .- g rowin ? . Ii the Heytealmry | bush • o man net I atteni|it anytbuig A-hirh I carry Ihn.u^li. Ami thrrc Las l>een bard i w.jlk il'.'e *l the lI'X.-. No lai{g.kril< at ! Uljour have made thi? place wl.ai it i->. i l'.oi.ter Jife in ib.^ for.-?t i?. however, full of iiwidtfut. Tiitie i? fjr mere to interest one than oa the f.a open pa:?? Par rx ra/)/?, hero on the rfinili,"?o n floor i* the taw:iy akin of au immune illi.go. Many a calf, a?s|r ■ Uatb, lb:? tm %bm fivynatwr lof the Hoc; snsny a night ay josm* friend sat up in ambaih; many a sjoixme'l bait wa* Uia which th? brute passed ■'■ ilis-iain. It was .hot at l??t in l.road day light nhilst roundine up a flock of sheeu. A L.oely life this of the pioneer* here. Mr. Pascoe'* is the next farm to the Ho*. I have p!ea?nre in vititing an.l shaking; hands with him. Three miles <lown the rinr at Scott's Creek, and six miles off at Oowley'* Creek, there ar? settlements. But if bniter means of eetting to market were provided this magnificent country would be opened up. A railway or tram-road through from Oam perdown to the sea conM easily ba> con structed. It would be a public aa well a* a private benefit. For the sake of the pioneer* I hope *ome facilities in this line will *oon be afforded them, for of the many very pleasant memories I carry away with me from the West that of the trip to the Hey tesbury forest and the Ha* will not be the least pleasant.— Anjwt. Thk Governor-in-Council has appointed the undcrmentiunnl place* to be polling place* for the North-Ruling of the Shirei of Hampdcn. viz.—The Temperance hall, Lisruore, in lieu of the White Swan hotel, Lismorc ; the woolshed on the Strathveaii ealite, nearCrcssy, inailditiun to previous appointments. Goon Wokim-From Good Ar-rnonrrr.— * * * We cc.nfejs t'.at we are perfectly amazed at the run nf your Hor Bitters. We never had anything like it,an4 never heard of the like. The writer (Benton) has been wiling drags hen nearly thirty yean, and haa never ?.en the rise of Hostettcr'o. Vinegar and all other bitters and pitrnt medicines, but never did any of them, in their best days, bepin to have the run that Hnp Bitters hare. * * We can't get ennnghof them. We are out of them half our time. • • Extract from Utter t • Hop Bitters Co . August 22, 78 from Hentop, Myers iCo.. Wholesale druggist*. Cleveland, Oh. Be sore and see. TnE M.?T Tniru l Atoctions with which we are troubled are wh?t are commonly called colds, and ret, trifling as 'hey are from'asnperficial standpoint, they are Imtin ductnrs nr conductors of many dire disease*. If they d" not end in pneumonia or snme pul monary complaint, >they fall on the kidney, and h>rai<ju>t the point at which Wolfe's Schnapps comes to our aid, and by it* March ing, permeating and j>erva?ive action on the** orgsni, rtstorei them to their normal con dition- It* sure you obtain Wolfe's Schnapps. 