COUNTRY?"" NEWS. " [BY TBLV.GR UMI.J (FROM OUn OWN COR11ESVONDENT3.) ALBURY, MONDAY. The Inquest hold by tho coroner on tho firo at Mr. B. Vincent's barn, Wagra, roitilted in a verdict that tho Aro was caused by an incendiary, but thora was no evidonco to show who tho offondor was. Tho loss is cstimatod at £250. BOURKE, MONDAY. A caso of groat importanco carne beforo tho local Land Court to-day. Sir. Walls, an applicant, through Mr. Bloxham, his agent, contontled that a dam across a water- course on tho Narraweena Run was an illegal improve- ment, and it was possiblo that it would form tho ground of an action by tho holders loyvcr down the water- course Tho arguments brought forward strongly pointed out tho nocossity for immediate legislation. Tho Land Court postponed ita decision. Tho weather is very hot. BREWARRINA, MONDAY. Tho Land Court which has boou bold hero during tho past yveok dealt yvith Iß applications tor homestead leases. Of theso nino woro recommended not to bo gTantod, two woro adjournod for additional evidence, and fivo wcro rocommondod to bo granted. Tho next Land Court com- mences on tho 3rd of December. CAMDEN, MONDAY. ' Intenso heat has prevailed hero to-day, tho thermometer registering over 100 degrees. Bush fires aro raging at Cox's River and Burragorang, causing much destruction of property. FORBES, MONDAY. Thomas King, charged with tho principal offence in tho murder of Mrs. Regan at Forbes in Soptembor last, and who yvas discharged from tho last Bathurst Circuit Court, was re-arrostod on Saturday undor a jutlgo's warrant. Ho was brought before tho local police court this morning, charged yvith being accessory after tho fact, and committed for trial to Darlinghurst. Tho bail was fixed at £500, but it was not -forthcoming. Tho case, with that of his wife, Ellon King, who has boon detained in custody ever sinco tho trial at Bathurst, when tho jury tlisagroed, will como on for trial at Darlinghurst on Wednesday next, when all the formor witnesses aro cited to appear. Tho weather hore is intensely hot, and thoro aro no signs of rain. The crops in this district aro a failure. GUNNEDAH, MONDAY. Tho weather hero is excessively hot, and thcro is no sign of rain. The country is almost denuded of feed, and tho water supply is ehort. Tho majority of tho owners aro re- moving their stock to tho mountains. Tho [first municipal election took place hero to-day, re- sulting in the return of the folloyving aldermen:-Messrs. Pritchard, Sininions, Jones, Bacon, Brock, Breen, Kirk- patrick, Ambrose, and Douglas, with MoBsrs. M'Phio and Kuhl as auditors. NARANDERA, MONDAY. Tho bazaar hold hero in aid of tho Roman Catholio presbytery* realised £523. NEWCASTLE, MONDAY. This evening, at tho Groat Northern Hotel, a banquet was glvon to Mr. A. J. Payne, late manager of tho Union Bank boro, prior to his departure for Victoria. Mr. Mair, polico magistrate, prcsidod, and about 20 prominent citizens wero piesent. Mr. Payno was presented with an address and a purso of sovereigns. Lambton was cn fete on Saturday upon tho occasion of tho chribtening of tho nott- flro-cngino. A largo prorniRinn paraded tho streets, comprising hundreds of pcoplo ; also the members of tho Newcastle, City, Honoysuoklo Point, and LambtonBrigades, yvith their engines and appliances. Much enthusiasm was caused by the procession, yvhich halted in the paddock of the Lambton Colliery. Alderman Dent, J.P., addressed the meeting, It appeared that the cngino had cost £190, of which £98 had been paid, and ho appealed to tho public for subscriptions to complote tho payment. Superintendent Frank Gardnor, Newcastle, and others spoke to tho sumo purposo, and a collection was mado, resulting in n sum of £20 18s. 6d. being '"gathered. The members of the brigades and friends adjourned to Stoker's Hall, Old Lambton, Captain Tensdale in tho chair, and a vory pleasant evening was spent. Tho weather hero is cold and gusty. TENTERFIELD, MONDAY. During tho past two weeks the local Land Board has boen holding courts hero and at Wilson's Downfall. Tho chair- man (Mr. Sydnoy Blvtho) and Messrs. Jas. B. Graham, P.M., and G. L. Hill, J.P., constituted the board. Mr. District- surveyor Finlay, from Glen Innes, waa also in attendance. 102 cases under the repealed and now Acta yvero disposed of hero, and 70 cases at Wilson's Downfall. Much interest was taken by the public in tho local adminis- tration of tho Act, and, on the whole, the decisions of the board gavo every satisfaction. WAGGA WAGGA, MONDAY. Yesterday afternoon tho wenthor was very hot, and a bushfire broko out in ono of Mr.*W. Hardyman's paddocks, on tho Urana-road, by which 20 acres of grass wcro burnt. The mailman, John Clv.rko, driving betwoon Wagga Wagga and Narrandera, was accidentally drowned on Saturday, while endeavor/ring to recovor a horse which had crossed the lagoon at Tooyal. Tho Pickwick Fancy Fair in aid of the funds of the Catholio Church was opened hero to-night in Mr. Gorm ley's store, with groAt, eclat. The stalls were handsomely decorated, and fllledL/with tho usual ware. Tho attendants wcro dressed in ch v.-actors «uitablo to tho occasion, and the affair was a great/CUCCCSB. WEST MAITLAND, MONDAY. A boy threo years of ago, son of Mr. John Green, nar- rowly escaped, droyvning in a pond at tho Maitland Park yesterday, 'ile foil into the water, and was going under the third tinjo, when a young man named Joseph Ingram rescued hin*. Tho weiyther hero is unusually hot, but thoro ore no signs of rain. Prayers for rain will bo offered in the various churchc9(.ou Sunday next. 