SQUATTERS AND HOMESTEAD LESSEES. TO THE EDITOR OF THE ALBURY BANNER. SIR,—It seems to me that some members of the Pastoral and Commercial Association imagine that your advocacy in the c*me ot ustice and lair-play is anything Lui what it, should be—taking it, of course, from their standpoint; but those who have the true in- terests of the colony at heait know better, and know more—that you have fairly and fearlessly dealt out equal justice to all sections of the community of this our native or adopted land. Now what is the main oVject this PaBtoral and Commercial Association have in view ? Why, simply this—reduction of rent, and compensation for improvements at end of lease. I will deal with the first—reduction of rent. I am free to admit all the hardships tbat a pioneer has to contend with, and the more so in what is termed dry country, and would, to encourage settlement of same, deal with such in a liberal spirit, and would, when classification takes place (of which hereafter), allow the rent to be on the lowest scale, even to the smallest coin of the realm ; but where the land possesses advantages such as frontages to rivers and creeks, &c.;, the minimum fixed bv the Laud Act now in operation is anything but excessive. Speaking of classification, I am satisfied that until a proper and carelul classification is instituted, no just or fair estimation can be arrived at as to the equitable value of the public estate. Revolution, with all its horrors, may ultimately be the result of bid legislation of the present day. I shall be called, no doubt, a prophet of evil, even if not worse; but the time will come when millions of people will not be inclined to suffer and starve merely to please the grsed aud amusement of the few, and who nave no more right than that obtained but by dishonesty of those who had power in the generation gone before. Now, sir, we come to the main and great object in view, viz, compensation for improvements at end of lease. No honest wellwisher of this great colony will ever agree to compensation for improvements, or, in plain speaking, to make a present of the public domain to those tew who occupy such. All the cry about improvements to be made so as to give employment to the unemployed (save the mark J), I look upon as pure bunkum, raised to catch the notice and signatures and bias the minds ot the unthinking of the working classes. Any person conversant with pastoral pursuits must know that long ere this, nearly every improvement necessary for occupation and working of runs has been completed—that is, I mean the great bulk of such; therefore, as far as these improvements are concerned, they would be as a drop in the bucket in relieving the labor market. No doubt clearing scrub, ringbarking, and burning- off dead timber gives employment ; so does shearing, &c.; bnt will such be done merely for philanthropic purpos s ? I trow not. Such will have to be done, whether the runs are held by a few Sydney merchants, as at present, or by bom fide owners residing and working the lands themselves. Now, sir, the members of this association think it hard that compensation should not be allowed—for why, I will reply. You occupy lands the property of the people, to which you have only a temporary right, but which in your presumption you believe to be yours. You lease these lands for a definite period, certain against all comers. You bargained for this, and accepted such, but now, having got the thin end of the wedge of grasping monopoly entered, you want to drive it home by compensation for improvements, which if once conceded would give you the land for ever. You say it is only fair that at end of lease the incoming tenant should pay the value of the improvements put on by his predecessor. Now at end of lease these lands may be double the value they are now, and '.he Government of the day puts some 50 or 100 per cent, more rent on, where will you find any one exceot large ompauies who would be able to meet increased rent, and thump down perhaps say thousands of pounds for improvement, and which might he deemed as "only necessary improvements," as the association tells ue, for the proper working of estate or run ? A few words 011 scrub lands. This has been another onciliatiou to the pastoral interest. I would ask this simple question : When these lauds were occupied iu uie first instance, was the scrub now complained about there ? I do not refer, of course, to any mallee country, but to that now said to be overrun with pine and other scrub. I say from old experience, no ! How, then, is it the land has ot late years become so 1 The reason, sir, is overstocking— the greed and grasping system of trying to make tbe land carry three times the stock nature intended. I may he asktd how does this affect the scrub question ? The answer is simple : Do not overstock, and in the average of seasons you will have plenty of grass, and plenty of grass often means bushfires—no doubt inconvenient, and at tim^s severe and long sustaiued —but the quid pro quo is, no scrub for years. One busbfiie will do the work in twenty-tour hours that otherwise would take years to accomplish. In conclusion, fair play and no favor to the pastoral interests, bnt do not at any price let ibfm become the future e>ligarchy of this colony, by throwing into their laps tbe patrimony ot tbe people in shape of compensation for improvements.—Yours, Mr. Editor, Moorvvatha, October 9. S.uie curious statistics have been published showing the cost of education at Yale College. Tbe ordinary curriculum takes four years ; and it is estimated that tbat the average expenditure of a student is 960 dollars (£192) a jyear. Some students bave been known to j spend as little as 400 dollais (£80) a year, ' others as much as 2000 dollars (£400). DAVID REID. 