VISIT TO THE HEYTESBURY FOREST. (From the Argus Special Reporter.) A ride through the Heytesbury forest from Camperdown to Port Campbell lies through country almost wholly devastated by the great fires of Tuesday, 5th inst. On every side farms are laid waste, houses, implements, and fencing are destroyed, and the great gumtrees and the soil are charred as black as night. The strips of country seen from the hills which caged the flames only serve to throw into relief the wide spread desolateness of the scene which the conflagration has left. Such a fire has never been known here before. The miles of forest which had been rung were as dry as tinder, and the fierce north wind blew the light messmate bark miles ahead when it was once lighted, while the showers of burning wood fired the houses, crops and fencing, which were quite safe from a brushwood fire. Many of the settlers who were burnt out had enough to do to save their lives, and many of them were women with young children or infants at the breast. Many of the man were away earning that subsistence for their families which their selections do not provide. This is the common lot of the forest settler, and it is impossible to rightly understand how great is the loss he has suffered, or how far he is deserving of sympathy and assistance, without learning something of the toil and priva- tions he endures in the wilderness. The forest settler must have the heart of a lion to settle in the forest at all. The so-called forest is not merely the growth of trees, however thick. The gums and messmate, which are as thick as they can stand, are interlaced at their base with an impenetrable scrub as high as a man on horseback, and so solid that a dog could not creep through. The trees and scrub do not grow in patches, they cover just as many acres as the forest settler takes up, and before he can put in a plough he has to ring the trees, burn off the dead wood, and cut down and burn the scrub time after time. The first, second, and third time of cutting it keeps on growing —in fact, until the ground is cultivated. If, in addition, the settler should grub the land to get the straight furrows of the table-land, he will not clear more than four acres in a year. The immense labour required can only be realised by those who have seen the forest. The forest settler works early and late trying to make a home, but long before he has conquered the scrub his cash has run out, and the only way to keep his family from starving is to go and work at splitting, carting, road-making, or any job that will find himself and his wife and children in food, and a pound or two to spare to enable him to have another few months of scrub cutting and burning at home. Tear after year in this way, the forest settler, sustained by hope, lives from hand to mouth, working like a slave, living on a crust, before he gets a penny return from the forest which he his set himself to reclaim. He finds out by degrees that the land needs more money and labour to bring into subjection than it is worth, but having wrenched a few acres from the tenacious grip of the ever- growing scrub, be naturally feels reluctant to throw them up, and let the crown have the benefit of his years of weary painful struggle after the independence of a yeoman. If he has made a bad bargain, he has given to it some of the best years of his life, and he would sooner make the best of a bad bar- gain than start the world afresh. But the work of reclamation — of which farmers of the plains, who have only to tickle their land with a plough to make it laugh with a harvest, know nothing — has only just begun. The land may be cleared, but it does not grow feed for stock till it has been sown with English grass. As soon as the grass begins to come, the forest settler is overrun with rabbits and wallaby. The farmer in other parts of the colony is well off, with a two or three rail sheep and cattle proof fence. The forest settler, if he is not to be eaten out of house and home, must put up a close slab or paling fence, costing £l or 25s per chain, to keep out vermin. This means more work "on the roads," or more pinching, the children kept longer barefoot and unable to attend school; while the wife, bereft of her husband during the dangerous summer time, is left perforce to fight the flames as best she may, when bush fires rage and threaten the homestead. Hence, we have the ex planation why, during the awful con- flagration which took place on Tuesday week, helpless women and children sur- rounded by fire saw their homes laid in ruins, and themselves barely able to escape with their lives. The relief committee which have been organised at Camperdown and at Scott's Creek, which is one of the centres of the devastated country, have received a quantity of stores, clothing, and other goods for distribution, but some of the clothing is quite unsuitable for the rough wear and tear of forest life. What is wanted even more than food or clothing is money to replace the buildings and fences which have been lost, and of which I can give further particulars. While the fences are down, cattle and vermin are running upon whatever crop the fire has left, or the stock are straying away into the Otway ranges and been lost; to prevent which several settlers are hastily mustering their cattle and selling them in Camperdown at a sacrifice. Some of the suffers are quite disheartened by their severe reverses. They put it with much feeling that after so hard a struggle to tide over all their difficulties, it is a crushing blow to have the savings and fruits of years of labour swept away in an hour. A strong opinion is expressed that as the calamity is so widespread, as it was so non- preventable, and as the forest settler by opening up the country is undoubtedly a greater benefactor to the colony at large than be is to himself, albeit his sons may reap a benefit, the Government should do something to help a deserving class of people. The remis- sion of the rent due upon the holdings on account of the great losses sustained by pioneers, who of all others are those the least able to bear them, is the kind of help that would be most acceptable to many of the sufferers, but of course this aid would not be approved without a special act of Parliament. I merely men tion the matter to show the feeling of the forest settlers. The night before the great fire was an anxious one in the forest. There was an ominous deep-red glow at sunset — a red- ness deepened by smoke rising from distant hills. The settlers, as they watched the smoke from the highest points near their selections, fervently hoped for a change of wind, for the country, scorched by the heat of mid- summer, was ready to burst into a blaze. Daybreak brought with it the fierce north wind, fiery as the blast off a furnace, and strong as a gale. The bush fires could be plainly seen from many a homestead, but at first there was no apprehension of a general calamity. Some damage is done in the forest every year by fire, but never before has 50 miles of country been left a smoking ruin. Never before have the selectors been driven half-blinded from their houses, which they had vainly sought to save, to find refuge only for their lives in their small green patches of cultivation. The settlers had seen brush wood fires, had fought the flames and conquered them after suffering some loss, and, profiting by the experience, had cleared the brushwood around their home- steads. The whole forest ablaze, the sky red with lighted fragments flying before the high wind over cleared spaces, creeks, and roads, and igniting, like the torches of a thousand incendiaries, fences, or- chards, farms, crops, and buildings in many places at once, had happily never been seen before. The people vividly re- member the scenes of that terrible day — how the smoke made the day blacker than night until the flames got nearer; how these made "leaps and bounds" from tree to tree, and the terrified wallaby, dogs, cattle, fowls, and kangaroo help- lessly crowded among the people, seeking shelter and protection from the common danger. The struggle to save the home is some- times touchingly told. Some examples may be given. Mrs. Hurley was alone on the selection at Cowley's Creek with her seven children, her husband being away cutting grass seed to plant in the autumn. The eldest children are a boy of 14 and a girl of 12. There were a reaper and binder and a threshing machine in out- houses close to the homestead, of which nothing now remains except the iron por- tion of the good wife's sewing machine, which she had to ply industriously to keep her family clothed. Mrs. Hurley said:— "When I saw the fire coming I sent the children to the waterhole to get water in the bucket and dipper and every thing that would hold it. We put the water on the fence and houses. The children all worked till they were ready to drop to save the place, even the youngest. The boy was on the roof of the house pouring water on the rafters, and the girl was on the shed. The fire came quick and scorched us. It burned in the tree branches more than on the ground. The wind blew the big sparks right at us and burned our clothes, but the little ones and myself kept going to the waterhole with the dippers and pans to keep the house wet. The boy kept the house well soaked on the roof, and I thought we might keep it safe, when one of the girls cried out— 'Mother it's alight inside.' Then the place went all up on fire, and we couldn't get anything out. The sheds and the reaper and binder and thresher went just after, and the orchard and fences as well. The children asked me to run with them to Mrs. M'Donald, our neighbor's. I told them to run on ahead, as one of the boys had a bad foot, and I had to help him. The other chil- dren got to Mrs. M'Donald's all right, but before I could get through with the boy the forest was all burning, and the branches were coming down in showers. My boots were burnt off my feet, and I have not been able to wear a boot since. Mrs. M'Donald and the neighbors kindly helped me to put some things on the chil- dren, and Bob Cowley gave me the tent we're living in now." The loss in Hurley's case is crushing, as he had not paid in full for the valuable machinery he lost. The total of his losses is about £800, and he has always been a struggling man. Not a pennyworth of his goods except the ground of his devastated selection has been left him, as he was right in the middle of the fire. The cry, "The house is alight inside," was the despairing message from many a woman to those who, mounted on the ridge, were striving in the blinding smoke and scorch- ing heat to beat back the fire from the dwelling. The high wind blew live coals underneath the shingles to enkindle the canvas lining, and then the exhausted settler, foiled in his endeavor to save his, or his neighbor's, home, could only throw himself face downwards in his potato crop to get a breath of fresh air. But Mrs. Power, of Curdie's River, was more fortunate, and it was impossible to belie the simple and unaffected sincerity with which she devoutly ascribed her escape to the direct interposition of Providence. Her husband, like too many other selectors in the wild and inhospitable Heytesbury forest — inhospitable until by laborious toil it has been reclaimed — was away at other work when the fire happened, and Mrs. Power was left to take care of a son who, since he received a sunstroke, has been unable to take care of himself. The holding was directly in the track of the fire. "It was on the bill yonder," said Mrs. Power, "that we were burned out seven years ago — l mean there where the scrub is as thick as ever, which shows how hard the scrub in the forest is to kill. After we lost our first home we came to this side of the creek, and got on a little better. On the Tuesday morning the fire got all about us, in spite of my boys cutt- ing down a tree and putting water on the fences and houses to keep them from burning. They said we had better go away, but wherever I looked there was fire, and I said, 'Where shall we go to? We might as well be burnt here, beside the old place, at any where else.' So I got the boys around me, and I dropped on my knees just here and prayed to the Almighty God that it should be His will to spare us, and not leave us again without a home over our heads. The clothes of one of the boys caught fire, as you see, so did the pigstye, and the 18 bags of grass seed that I had put in the little garden in front of the house. I expected it to go every minute, but the house stood through it all. It took fire in four places inside and out, but it did not burn, and the roof was left to cover us, in answer to my prayer. It was too hot to go into the house, and I stayed under the blackwood tree, and the wind changed, and the drenching rain came and doused the fire. If the rain had not come, there is no knowing where the fire would have stopped." The rain which will be remembered as one of the greatest downpours ever ex- perienced in the colony, did indeed save the forest selectors from annihilation. It came just when the fire was at its height, when the trees were crashing to the ground in all directions, and when the fire, not merely scorching and singeing the bark of trees as bush fires usually do, was consum- ing thousands of huge boles of charcoal, and the ground, as can still be seen, was at white heat, like a smelter's crucible. The mournfulness of the gaunt, weird scene which the fire has left is peculiarly striking and depressing. Such a mingling of night and day as the sunlight lighting the pitchy blackness of the landscape, as far as the eye can reach, is indescribably grotesque and desolate. It is hard to conceive anything like this contrast of the sunshine sparkling brightly upon the wide inky, silent waste. It is almost like a smile upon a ghastly death's-head. There is not a bird to flutter a wing or to break the oppressive silence with a single note. There is no sign of life or what has been life, except here and there the roasted carcase of a wallaby or kangaroo. The dense forest of straight black bare poles alone reveals the might and fury of a bush fire, and no such bush fire as this has been witnessed since Black Thursday, which in the Heytesbury forest was exactly reproduced in all its terrors, save that of loss of life. There was the same hot strong wind, the same over-mastering flames from many points at once, the same destruction of property. There would have been a similar loss of stock as on that last memorable day of fire and disaster, only that the burnt settlers on a whole have neither the means nor the grazing pad- docks to go in largely for sheep and cattle. It takes them all their time to keep out the wild dog and wallaby from their little plots of crop and pasture, both of which have to be raised by planting. Large quantities of grass seed which had been purchased for this year's planting have gone the way of the houses and the fencing. This is one of the severest results of the fires which has an cruelly smitten a hard-working, frugal, struggling portion of the community, who now, after years of manful, industrious self-help and self- denial, are compelled by unlooked- for adversity to need the aid of their fellow colonists. What liberal relief would have been afforded by a national subscription fund had the forest been swept and pillaged by the sword! Yet the devastation by fire has in the case of many holdings been still more complete. During the fire help was in several cases unselfishly rendered to others that was badly needed at home. While Henry Wark's house was burning at Timboon, Thomas Ashton, who lives next to him, heard Mrs. Wark screaming. He ran over, and did what he could to help Wark, until the dwelling was in ashes, and then ran back to find his own homestead blazing, and his wife and family in danger. He took them to the potato field, where they watched the farmhouse fall. They are now living in a bark hut, where the farmhouse stood. Ashton might have saved it if he had not re- sponded to Mrs. Wark's cry of distress, as the homestead was in one of the few thoroughly cleared paddocks to be found In the forest. The friend in need was, pleasing to relate, of more service in the case of Mrs. Peters, a widow, and a neighbor of "Big Bob" Cowley, the oldest settler on the creek which is known by his name. "Bob " was an old mate of Mrs. Peters' husband on many of the road-making jobs which they had to do to keep their selections going after "scrub" or wild cattle hunting became unprofitable, owing to the progress of settlement. Cowley's mate about two years ago strained himself while at work, and one day he sent for "Bob," and said quietly, "They don't think I'm dying, Bob, but I know I am. Will you take care of the old woman and the little ones when I'm gone?" Bob shook hands with the dying man, and while bidding him to keep a "stiff upper lip, and he would be all right," warmly promised what he wanted. Peters did die shortly afterwards, and "Bob" has always redeemed his promise to be- friend the widow and fatherless. His own crop was on fire, when "Bob" saw the flames veering towards Mrs. Peter's place, and leaving, his own propetry to take care of itself, he was soon exerting him self heroically, and successfully as it turned out, in beating back the danger from the widow's home. The house, thanks to "Bob" and young Nelson, who lives opposite, escaped (although some crop and fencing were lost), and "Big Bob Cowley" went back to his farm to find his brother's homestead and his own grass seed, and a large quantity of fencing, quite gone. The "gaffer" of one of the gangs nf men who are laying the telegraph line between Camperdown and Port Campbell, also played the part of a man. The party were nearly surrounded by fire, and were making their escape as best they could, when Mrs. Thomas Leitch, whose husband was away, with many tears appealed to them to save her house. The men demurred; the fire was very close; they had better get away. "What, are you cowards lads?" said the "gaffer". "I'll go, if I go by myself". "He came," narrates Mrs. Lietch, "and the other chaps followed him, and they kept my house for me, but my poor pig was burned in its stye, and I lost my barn and fencing." Mrs. Leitch took refuge at Mr. M'Conachy's station, and was kindly treated until the fire in the forest was quite extinguished. 