NEWS IN BRIEF. It is announced that Freemasons' Lodges will shortly be opened at Btmbury and York. At the formerly healthy township of Pinjarrah no less than five deaths have occurred during the past few weeks. Owing to an accident caused by a dyna mite explosion at Glass Valley, Nortaam, a man named Laurance Iienanediedat the York Hospital a few days ago. The latest report received from Denmark is to the effect that Bis Majesty the King is troubled by a wart on his nose, few the effectual removal of which he paid the sum of .£2,500. The authorities at the Adelaide Tele graph Office notified on Monday last that interruption in communication on the telegraph line between Saigon and Hong kong had occurred. Communication on the Northern Tele graph line, in tbe neighborhood of Gxeen ough, became interrupted on Monday evening, and the repair had not been effected up till late yesterday. The Perth City Council hare appointed Friday next for opening various tenders, including the supply of a large quantity of stone for street formation and for altera tions in the offices in the market-place in the TownhalL Yesterday somesplendidspecimensof both copper aud silver ore were brought into the City. The lode team which the pieces were broken out is situated at Cheltenham, about seven miles from Perth, on the Canning fioad. From York we learn that a child of Mr. Clark's, in tiie employ of Mr. J. H. Monger, has of late exhibited symptoms resembling lose of scarlet fever. The house in which the child is confined is at present under strict quarantine. Mr. Vanderbat, the well-known Ameri can Croesus, having lately had to make a return of his fortune in an affidavit for le gal purposes, swore that he possessed a cap ital sum of not less than forty millions sterling. Yet less than forty years ago the late millionaire was not worth a cent. The smoke of file bushfires burning on tbe Darling Bange was po dense yesterday that when the Bun rose it appeared through the heavy clouds just like a ball of blood; and, for forty mfpnf-an after its appearance above the hills, the orb of day failed to ca&U; shadow; The fine homestead bciong&g; to Mr: John White, of the Canning, has been pur chased by Mr. jL dimming, for the sum of .£2000. We learn that Mr. White purposes €4rrying on the business of a publican, upon tbe premises belonging to Mr. Bryan, of Bereriey. A serious fire occurred at Mokine last Friday night, when very serious damage was done to Mr. T. Wilding's estate through sparks from a passing locomotive igniting the grass. We understand that Mr. Wilding intends to use every legal effort to compel the Government to recu perate him for the heavy loss that be has sustained. .is ach^unCGdinf'iiradt^lrtisnigfioluinas, that fine property in the township of Tc:rk , known as the 'King's Head Hotel,' is about to change hands, owing to the ill health of the proprietor (Mr. E. W. Chip per), who, we learn', has already received, by tender, a number of highly-satisfactory offers for the leasing- and purchasing of that valuable hostelry. The time for receiving tenders for the above will expire with the present month. The existence of the Perth Local Indus trial Exhibition Committee has expired. At the last meeting of that body it was seriously suggested that some native-grown vegetables, kangaroo-tails, and tree-grubs (badies) should be forwarded to I-»ndan for nse in the ' Australian Eesturant' that is to be attached to the Colonial and Indian Exhibition. The proposition, however, was, after some discussion, fortunately negatived without a division. Her Majesty the Queen has intimated that she does not wish the jubilee of her reign to be celebrated until the 20th of June, 1887. This announcement effectually disposes of the idea that has lately been current, to the effect that Her Majesty in tended to abdicate next June in favour of the Heir Apparent. As a matter of fact the Prince of Wales labours under the idea that he will never be King, feeling aesur red that bis royal mother will outlive him. We notice that the Judges of the Supreme Court of Victoria have made a most decided stand against being called npon to attend the Executive Council when a death sentence is under consideration. The practice which has hitherto obtained in the Colonies in this particular is un constitutional in the extreme, and we hone that both Hie Honor tike Chief Justice and Mr. Justice Stone will take a similar dignified stand in the future. A meeting of the committee of the Mechanics' institute was held last week, when a very graceful act was done. An old man, named William Izzard,who has been a subscribing member for the last thirty-five years, and whe has paid up bis subscription to the end of December last, was onanimonsly elected an honorary member for the remainder of his life. Owing to the pressure of adverse circum stances the old man is now an inmate of the Invalid Depot, and is therefore in a position to realise the courtesy with which he has been treated. It is currently reported that Her Majesty the Queen purposes 'to soon revive tbe extinct title of Bad of Beaconsfield, in the person of the nephew of the late EarL Meanwhile the substantial interests of the young gentleman concerned have not been neglected by his gracions Sovereign. Upon his distinguished uncle's death Mr. Ralph Disraeli was appointed Clerk Assistant of Parliaments, at the salary of .£2,000 per annum. The fortunate young gentleman, who only lately attained his majority, has since then been elevated to the post of Clerk of Parliaments, the office being worth quite £3,000 a year. At the City Police Court yesterday Bobert Donovan was sentenced to tihree weeks' imprisonment for drunkenness. Sarah Jane Clark received the same sen tence for asimilar offence ; bnt, before she quitted the dock, she most impudently asked the Police Magistrate to buy her a new dress, in tbe place of the one she was wearing. Joseph Hindmarsh, a convict, was sent to gaol for three months for hav ing been found loitering about the City after hours ; and Ferdinand Desprez was fined 15s., together with 5s. Cd. costs, for not having proper control over his horse in tbe public street. The memory of the terrible railway accid ent which lately occurred on the Eastern Railway must still be fresh in the minds of every one, but no one outside of the Bail way Department is, we believe, as yetaware how the three officials who were in charge of the unfortunate goods-train have been treated by the Government. The Guard in charge— GuUfoyle — who, while bleeding profusely from the injuries he received, contrived to struggle along for seven weary miles to report the disaster to the Station Master at Guildford, has never been recom pensed for the destruction of his watch, which was smashed to pieces when he was flung from the train in the very act of per forming bis duty. The fireman, who es caped death only by almost a miracle, has not received a half-penny towards the ex penses he was subsequently compelled to incur during his recovery from the injur ies he received. But, far worse, the un lucky engine-driver has been fined three weeks' pay, npon the ground that he did not ' 8tiek to his engine to the last.' The Engineer-in-Chief has himself said that if the engine-driver and fireman had retain ed their positions npon the locomotive un til it left the metals they must have infallibly been killed. And yet the unlucky driver is fined three weeks' wages, because he preferred to save hie life by jumping from the train, instead of committing wilful euicide by allowing him self to be hurled into inevitable destruc tion! Our correspondent at Victoria Plains, writing under date of January 26, says : — I regret having to record that a more than usual number of accidents have lately occurred here, bnt am pleased to say that ail the sufferers are now convalescent, the good Monks of New Noreia having been most assiduous in their attention to all the injured. The first accident occurred to a little girl, named Honora Clune, aged 4 years, who was so severely struck by light ning as to be rendered senseless for up wards of fonr-and-tweuty hours. The littie sufferer's hands appeared to be so much injured that they did not resume their natural position until the return of her speech — which for a whole day had completely gone. The next accident occur red to a lad named Thomas Butler, aged 16, who sustained a fracture of the right leg, above the knee, owing to a fall from a horse. John Corbett also received a severe wound on the f acj, by a kick from a horse ; and another young man, named John Ciune, had his collar-bone broken, owing to a, horse kicking him. A child named Burns was recently kicked by a horse in the side, and in an almost lifeless condition the little sufferer was carried to New Noreia for medical attention, and is now in a fair way of recovering. The numerous friends of Mr. Donald Macpherson will be glad to learn that he is fast recovering from his recent indisposition. 