THE BUSH FIRES IN VICTORIA. (By the Special Reportar oflht Argus.) A HIDE through tho'Hoytosbury Forest from Camperdown to Port Campbell lies through country almost wholly devastated by tho great fires of Tuesday, 12th Doccmbor. On every side farms aro laid waste, houses," implements, and fencing arc destroyed, and tho groat gum trees and tho soil aro charred as black as night. Tho strips of country seen from tho hills Which cnged the flames only servo to throw into relief i the widespread desolateness of the sceno which the coniUgration has left. Such a Uro has novor been known hero before. The miles of forest which had been rung was as dry as tinder, and the fierce north wind blew tho light mess- mate bark miles ahead when it was once lighted, | while tho showors of burning wood tired tho houses, crops, and fencing, which were quito safo from a brushwood fire. Many of the settlors who wcro burnt out had enough to do to savo their lives, and many of thora wero wumon with young children or infants at tho breast. Many of tho men wore away earning that subsistence for their families which their selections do not provide. This is tho common lot of tho forest Bottler, and it is impossible to rightly understand how great is tho loss ho has sulfercd, or how far he is deserving of sym- pathy and assistance, without learning some- thing of tho toil and privations he enduros in tho wilderness. ... As soon as tho grass begins to come, the forest sottlcr isovorrun with rabbits and wallaby. The farmer in other parts of tho colony is well ofr, with a two or three rail sheep and cattle-proof fence. The forest sattler, it ho is not to bo eaten out of house und home, must put up a closo slab or paling fenco, costing £1 or 25s. per cliuin, to koop out vermin. This means moro work on tho roads," or moro pinching, tho children kept longer barefoot, and unablo to attend school ; while the wife, bereft of her husband during the dangerous summer time, is left pcrforco to fight tho flumes as beat she may, when bush fires rage and threaten tho homestead. Hence, wo have the explanation why, during tho awful conflagration which took placo on Tuesday, 12th December, helpless women and children Surrounded by tiro saw their homes laid in ruins, and themselves barely ablo to escapo with their lives. i A narrative which has few special features beyond others to excito tho benevolence of the colony, but which is a fair samplo of others, is that 'of the Monk family,' who lived on Curdio's Uiver. Mrs. Monk ¡s a slight, small woman of about 40 years of age, who one would think would hardly havo been capable of tho forti- tude and endurance which she manifested dur- ing one of tho most trying experiences which pould test any woman's self-possession and resolution. Her story is vouched for by the attendant circumstances, by tho ruin of her home, tho sufferings of tho children, and the testimony of the neighbours who gato the unfor- tunate woman relief. Mrs. Monk, who was found with her children at the residenco of a Mrs. Scanlon, near Cobden, nearly thirty miles from where sho was burnt out, said, " My hus- band, William Monk, had 180 acres on Curdie River; He selected them about five years ago, and worked on the land when he had money. Last summer ho put up a shingle and slab two roomed house, and took me and tho children down to live there To get a garden wo cut some scrub in tho front of the house ready for burning, but wa did not set fire to it, for fear of burning the neighbours out. My husband got a job of fencing at Wm. Scanlon's, and was away when tho fire carne. I was afraid of tho fire all Monday night, as I had seen the smoke coming our woy. As soon as I got up on Tues- day I heard tho timber crackling not far from the house. It was a fearfully hot day, and the wind was coming through the trees. I got tho children out of their beds as quick as I could, but had not timo to dress thom. There were fiyo of them, from a fortnight up to 13 years of age. Clara, 2£ years old, could not stop to put her boots on when wo started to run to Mrs. Pascoe'», our nearest neighbour in the direction away from the fire. The flumes were very fierce, and great lumps of bark and rub- bish were blowing high in the air, and sotting places alight a long way in front, in tbo direc- tion of our house. My eldest girl carried the baby ; the boy had another sister in bis arms ; i and I had Clara in minc. The trees wore I comiDg down upon us all round, when we met Mr. Wm. Gubbin's man running to save us. He started to burn a patch, but had only got a piece clear as big as the floor of this kitchen when the flames swept past and scorched us. Cissy, a child of about l8 months, was burned all over on the neck, thighs, legs, and feet. Clara had her feet burned so that the skin dropped off her hcols and toes, and Mrs. Tweedie has got it in a paper at her place now. Clara cried out that she was burning on the hot limestone. I told her she would make me ill if she cried, and then she stopped and did not cry any more. The heat was fearful. The children had their tongues hanging out, and I thought the baby, which was gasping, would die every minute. I saw some water in a gully, and Mr. Gubbin's man brought some to his hut for the children, which saved them. After tho fire had passed us we stayed out on tho clear patch for a time, and then I took tho children back home. The elder boy and girl carried their sisters as they had done before. The house was burned to a | cinder and everything that was in it. Mr. Gubbin's man went to get us some food, for it was now afternoon, and nono of us bad had anything sinco the night before. The children no sooner got back to where the house had been than they fell asleep exhausted, and I watched to keep the hot ashes from falling on them. When it was getting dark, I thought I would try and reach Mrs. Twecdio's, as the firo was in tho direotion of Mrs. Pascoo's. The help Mr, Gubbin's man had gone for, did not come till after we left, and it was 10 o'clock before we got to Mrs. Tweedie's, and the children got something to eat. They were in a very bad state, and for nights afterwards they kept starting in their sleep, and calling out, ' Mother, we arc in the fire. It was no wonder that they wero frightenod, for all the time the forest was' burning, it was nearly as black as night with smoke, and the branches kept tumbling off the trees and nearly crushing us. The baby was kept well wrapped up in r shawl, and was only scorched on the neck, but all tho other children except tho eldest boy were badly burned." These burns wero shown me, and tbo feet of tho girl Clara, who was still in bed, pre- senting a sickening sight. The family havo not boen visited by a doctor, but the people of Cobden havo dono all in their power for the sufferers. Some ladies havo volunteered as nurses, but there is a Inck of medical comforts, and tho ohildron aro becoming very thiu and debilitated for want of them. The family havo beon left quite destitute, oxcept for the labour of Monks' hands. Somo of the sufferers aro quite disheartened by their severe reverses. They put it with much feeling that after so hurd a struggle to tide over all their difficulties, it is a crushing blow to have tho savings and fruits of years of labour s« opt away in an hour. 