[?] ?H^o4he8thA[ignBt HbriHp'aUtion - frota K&tiijh4ipp;*l lessees, Mea:. of: ob^pt of [#B jgfoJwepsblfl ptfs'r G at gentlemen . the pine the Darling— and would so many the opera case attd riMjolredv'B de|t-oratd ja meeting J.of dcle W i) ctD^i -,.Co barj Nyma Condobolin, held ^^^K-ilo:^g^-es6lnlions were ^^BbaVe i^ honor ;j|o read to ^^RSaiion abioU^y ntceBSsry to en ^^Ktab.Uids tolmf the pine and piling .-.jgols e*lpn cf a considerable Itase clausM, of the present Land jixxd require amendment, especi ^^Ktwn of acs^endyig the tenure from to 2ljyears, at a nominal noxious growth. a leBses is put to great I^^H^PPIRoftelteuirousirtibdivisions, the Land KJioanl sbo*Td, after tiiVg' etH.nce, have the power Vto'gi*e th»-l^*^»!l9lo fir part of his leasehold u a -nerab^lsfle ; and should, also have tho power ch , Mrnbs a it .noxious, requiring I d(ttnctira-*%l---m» wrabsfincireBae by being cut, by. grubbing; and thia would ' sp«ci(i-}.l(|i--|-tioay. is necessary to deal .'witb^rub landi-^nreMnfid'areai. Neither hom6r . - fUad'nor coniiit%ntl : Ittjsef are being taken up on thenKBor are o£eipiiri Miaitted to take scrub leases. Tb«-; Bute iMul); *1g*43aSt.. should these resumed ? taieii'be throwir oit . of jggupation or become 'dense :;fon*ts asw.ms la.be inimaole unless capital . is ex p*sil*d in nngio*%oac(earing them, ^ concurs with the , uiituluni iiriiHisBllt. ljf JtSi'^ deputations, that the ^nwiaam nDteljnMO (tl-the ^estern Division is j^it^eh'too hig!^:mrn«ip9cmll y suggest that the said Rtiiimum be jttoliahM. This meeting is alBo of ?gniMon'tlnttlie right of app.eal in all cases ehould be ^mrided lor. in each diviiion/ aad are pleased to hear snTelMs* has already Been : drafted in the Amending Hill tnthal-. M . »SjL;Tljat tbie meeting' also desires to express its Kfiiithfcctipn .tiia^the ?jt|ni»te» approves of the p'in H|^SHBflk^^PEton-^of^&prfivem6nEdyi;^aa far, at and trust, he to compensation for other to be approved of by the ^^^^^^RTbiijmeetingalso concurs with the opinion ^^^^^Hidby other deputations, thnt the State should the new irenta nnder the Act of 1884 until ^^^^^Eirjrof the m.n^'jdate of determination of old ^^^HRklhe'We-te'rn Division. ^^V%tMt wbile this B(eeting is aware that amsnd ^^K^Tta the fencing clause of the present Act may be inthe Eastern Division, it trusts that no may pa moae aaectiug uid v.ubtnL nut Divisions, except reasonable amendments, ^^Hs§^iU affecting adjoining holdings, and asked for by ^KQninl lelectore' associations. ibis 'meeting considers the renta already ^^^^^^Htom. holdinge must result in the ruin of the le«d to th« iibondonmen t of the laud, this meetfag,' ? while expressing its con ^^^^^Hce with the pr&ent; Land Act as a whole, and ^^^^^^EtUy recognisicg'tbe great amount of thought; ^^^^^^Eaoe expended on^that Act, is yet of opinion that is carried oat in its integrity the Western ^^^HMMt mBSt inevitable be ruined and disaster result in the C.Qtrat 'Division and desires, there ^^^^Sejto exprees its entife satisfaction at learning that in tends to place an amending ^^^^^^^Stt^fijjjrkjfteVBouse during the present who will follow me of the pine ecrab I closely studied the Land Act that but a scrub ltase. The time before the and the uncer me^too ^^^^^^Vwoold compel me to cut them; nor ' that ,;I wonld not bo compelled i gruH- my lease. I could not see | making it pay and consequently ^^^Kerer applied for a scrub lease, although ^^Biiuld' gladly go on with scrubbing if 1 ^^Hght it wonld pay. ^^HEr^CTanB soid: The back blocks of tho ^^Bilan werp, previouely to being - Bottled. ? ? ? onh'.Jl rlnat itnl n ?.water. '.The limber consisted ot box, pine, Krran and balali, but vory little under- 1 Iro'wth ;.the gross acccmulated from year. to pear, . and occasionally fire swept over tLe fconntry, and^thus prevented the growth of ^ scrubs which are now rapidly taking pos ^Bion.of it. ;. From the low rental, tho »p ^Bnf snitabifity of the country for sheep, ^H the supposition ' that the tenure would ^Vhe interfered with so long as ,the country Jqr required for selection, persons were Kdoced to tako it up and spend large sums of ggjfuy in the conservation of water, fencing, Sa 's'ber improrements necessary for the iffic^tTVorking 0( t]le country. Thoy were xlicn ijOaware of the emallness of the rainfall ind - ' tM° '-recurrence cf the m..at disastrous and the liability of tlie country as iben as V' was stocked (and by that means at,ovmu'al'on °- ^eot' grass prevented and thereby? bush-fires rendered impossible) to bo conjtft'?r8ri wn with pine, ynrron. nnd other liajilwTBcfebR. Experience has taught them tbat- lhej/wefo mistaken in their estimato of the country. It w3f; thought that U'.o most necessary improvemeittfc was th® conservation of water, by niaking-iMnks so large that there wan no possibility of^heir failing under almost any ^'circumstances but drought has sue I deeded droBKht, and although in most in stances the%mlcs have supplied sufficient Wate^, the grass bf£p failed and instead scrubs have ' sprunSfcrfTespecially the pine scrub, which in mai^Haces has grown as thickly as a woll-sown^V of wheat. The pastoral tenants have fljfcaTored to keep theii stock alive by cuMjjjK&dible; shrnbs at an enormous expenditur^^Kt ' notwithstanding all their efforts, three-fourths of their stock have died from Rtnrvntion. Instead of beins rewarded for tbeir enterprise and the hardships thoy hare undergone in settling on arid country, they art now in u far worse position than when they'coinmenced; the only persons who |av«made.money are tboBe who sold out be (-re the scrub had made very much headway, gome six or seven years ago. We feel that ne Government have every desire to deal ^Ltly with Jhe present occupiers, and do not Hsh by'harsh legislation to crush the impor Hut producing industry that has sprung up Ib^qpghour enterprise, and we wish to offer the foiling suggestions for their consideration :rr-Tbe dcstroction of the scrub is a very costly undertaking ; putting it at a fair average estimate, the first cutting and ringbarking wiliiSltat 2s per acre, or £6400 per 10 inile blockgftid subsequent cuttings will be re qui^Sa to altogether eradicate it. There are someijklgbs such as mallee, budda and dog woodajMPph it would be futile to cut us they wb^anQ^ease tenfold ; it should therefore be w^derstood that tho scrubs to be destroyed shqntd bo pinp, wattle, and yarran. We snonld bMllowed to ring all pine and useless timbeflpsmpt on certain reserves set apart by JJ|^^QqvjKment for the future supply these reserves should Kit be of any - ijwa.t .extpn.t, as . i.V: Vmber is only locally valuable and the Boorest would scatter seed to again destroi ftbe adjacent lands. In order to reimbarsi the pastoral tenants of the scrub country foi for they should be griinted long leases at a moderate rent, to be fixed now for 21 years, as it would be manifestly unjnst for them to be compelled to pay an increased rental, in consequence of their having so improved the country at their own cost. Unless some such tenure is granted, it will be impossible to improve it, as in consequence of the adverse circumstances their capital is locked up in the holdings, and it will be necessary to give seenrity to tho banks and othor financial institutions to advance the capital requifite, and this should he made retros ;n -„ ™i.„ i.„„„ ? ,i ... JUOl.VO vuooo nuu uu.o ed money during the past five years in ring ing and clearing. With regard to the re sumed areas, which are, in common with the other portions of the holdings, becoming rapidly overgrown with ' pine and other use less scrubs, and for which wo have to pay jd per acre in the Western Division nnd Id per acre in the Central Division, we wonld suggest that the occupiers be allowed to clear as much as they are able, in order that they may not become altogether desert and useless; that the clearing should not debar selections by homestead lessees and con ditional purchasers, but if the land so cleared should be selected, the incoming tenant should pay the foil cost of clearing, ringing, etc. This would be no impediment to settle ment, as the country would have to be cleared in any case; otherwise, it would bo useless, and the longer it is left the more expensive it will bo to clear it. If it is not done, these areas will become impenetrable scrubs, and such a eovcr for rabbits that it will be impossible to get at them. Wo think that at the termination of the leases all improvements other than ringbarking and clearing should ba paid for by the incoming tenant. ('Hear, hear. ') Mr Millar said : I wish to point out that some of the pastoral tenants in the Western and Central Divisions are not able to pay the minimum rental — I mean on those holdings overgrown with pine and other scmbs, and unlesR special legislation is granted to them in the form of long tenuro and low rent, they will not be able lo with stand the many difficulties which they have to contend against. I have lived in the centre of that description of country for the last six and a half yearB, and I know numberBof holdings that have not carried mere than one sheep to 10 acres for the last four years (in one caBe one lo ll£ acres,) although good ra-n fell periodically. There iB very- little grass ou them now, and in some cases the sheep are dying. If these holdings were assessed in the first place at a fair rental, it would aave both the State and lossee considerable expense and time, as in each case an appeal will have to be heard, and I am quite sure that in nine cases out of ten the land board will reduce the rental onnfilrlfltioKlv halnw (ha minimum T nnn assure you that thero are large blocks of country both in the Western and Central Divisions I would not take as a gift and bo compelled to work them, and I don't know one runholder who has not lost money in working bis holding during the last five years. I have made out an estimate of the cost of working one of these holdings of 128,000 acres with 12,800 sheep on it, and have no hesitation in stating that in some | cases it would be more. It amounts to 2s. per sheep, without rent; add to it the mini mum nnd the cost in the Western Division is 28 lOd per sheep, and in the Central Division 3s 3d por sheep. The average clip of wool all over our poor country is not more than five pounds, and very few clips have realized more than 6d per pound, or 2s 6d per slieep, inns snowing a loss oi uu pir sheop in tho Central Division and 4d per sheep in the Western Division. You will at once ask where is the increase? but 1 must tell yon that there has been very little increase during ! the last five years; on tho contrary, a considur able decrease on most holdings. There would require to be a large increase each year lo make up the deficit mentioned, and pay interest on capital in vested, and on borrowed monoy, not taking into consideration a sinking fund, which will be necessary, as at the end of a few years we may lose the country aud not receive any compensation for our outlay, 'llie fairest way is to assess the country (other than those portions taken up under scstib leases as amended,) according to its stock- carrying capabilities, and allow the land boards to use their own judgment as to tlie value of the land, making due allowance for improve ments that have been expected, especially in the form of ringing and clearing. On the holding 1 am managing, I have expended £4,500 during the last four veers on the last named work, and am suio any impartial man will agree with me when-I Fay thai it will be moat unjust to compel me to pay more reutal than my neighbors, who have the same description of country and have not spent one penny iu ringing and clearing, j Many lessees are not financially in a position to avail thomselves of scrub leases however amended, and special legislation is necessary to enable them to cope with so many difficulties. We understand that the Government officers consider 1b per sheep a fair rental; Borne good properties where the clip averagrs 71b of good sound wool, j and the average lambing is 80 per cent, may be able to pay it, but if such & rental is fixed ou poor scrubby runs, it will simply ruin the holders. For tlieso reasonB it is absolutely nocessary that the lessee should be allowed to appeal in ull cases, whether the rent is fixed at or above the minimum, and produco evidence in support of such appeal. This should bp retrospective, in justico to those lessees wbose rents have already been fixed. The laud boards will be guided to a certain extent by the opinion of the appraisers, and they are not infallible and are apt to err in judgment like other men. Ibe first sub section of clause 78 of the Land Act states that tho new leases shall commenco at the mean date of determination of existing leases. This being the cote, we consider it only fair and right that the new rfnts should commence al the same timo also. If this is notullowed, it would appear' to be a breach of faith on tlie part of the Government. We have the option' of throwing up the holdings but cannot do so, as all our cupital is sunk in them and our only chance is to hold on lo them; hilt if the -Land Act is not favorably amended there is no hope for us. Sub-section 4 of same clause (78) gives lessees the right to an extension of fire years at the end of iheir lease, but in reality we have only a certainty of 15 years from the. mwi -iu'io of determina.t.yua ui' 'existing leases in the Siestern division, and 10 years from tlio lute the division of runs is gazetted in the Central division, for tho clause.concludos by stating that tbe Minister Iibb the power to withhold nnfh ficrhf. Tt. io n to nil l/nnwn fact that unless the 79th clause of the Land Act is amended, no improvements whatever will be effected, and good blocks of couutry now unimproved will remain so. I havo ex pended over £5000 during the la«t six years in improving two blocks of country containing together 52,000 acres. These improvements consist of fencing and tanks, and are as good ns money can make them (one tank cost £1,400,) and were made solely with the view of occupying -the country profitably. The fencing, water im provements and buildings now on tho hold ings and yet to be put on will be worth something at the end of the leasa, and it is reasonable for us to oxpect the incoming tenant to pay ns for them. I may slate that if the scrnb leases are amended from their present impracticable form we do not expect compensation for fingiug and clear ing done under them, but on portions of country not allowed Hnder scrub lease, com pensation should be paid by tho incoming buuuui. iuu ucruu louues us at present aro unworkable, and banks and financial institutions will not advance money on them unless they are favorably amended. In the first place, they are, resumed from lease and are liable lo forfeiture if the conditions are not fulfilled. According to clause 157 of the regulations, a scrub lease converlcd from a pastoral or homts'ead lease shall not be for a longer period than Ihe determination of the loase from which it is resumed. In some cases more than a year and a half has elapsed; allow another three yearB to elapse before the application is granted and the work finished, and we havo left 10£ years in the Western division and 5£ years in the Central division, far too short a time to repay us for our outlay as I will show. In a few years no scrub leaBes will bo appliod for on pastoral or homeBtead leases, as tbe remainder of Ihe term will be too short. Then again, instead of . being allowed to take up the whole or whichever portion is scrubby of a pastoral lease under ono scrub leaBe, we are compelled to take the area in blocks of 10,240a, thus we would have to mane u appucauons tor one oi,uuu are diock, and pay for useless survey in addition to £10 deposit on each application for cost of inquiry. If compelled , to keep down all noxiouB growth, we cannot .afford to take up scrub leases. During the 'last six years I have tried the experiment,;- tind find that mallee, budda, dogwood and one or two otber scrubs increase tenfold by -cutting, and will. have, to be grubbed to 'destroy them ; and there are several edibje scrubs which it would not be advisable . to cut— all these should be ex cepted. I have . proved that pine, wattle, and yarran country will have to be re-cut every five years ; some country I scrubbed three years ago is now ready for the hoe, and if left another two years will. require the axe. Taking the average of tbe holdings within 100 miles ot Nymagee, both on the Western and and Central divisions they will require 4s an acre expended on tnem in ring ing and clearing during the period of 15 years. The first cost will be .2s, and I am allowing 2s for destroying the undergrowth and tuckers .^uring the remainder of the period (one of my neighbors is now paying 6d pet acre; for cutting the suokers from trees ringed three y ears ago). Thus, on a 64, 000a. block something like £12,800 will have to bo expended, and the money borrowed at 8 V a : A percent, or 9 per cent, which we maintain is sufficient rental. Unless scrub lenses are favorably amouded, our bands aro tied, and largo portions of tlio counlry wo reprosent will bo given up to tho rabbits. Then again, wlmt is to bo done with tho resumed areas overgrown witliBcrub? Sufficient timo has passed sinco tho paBsing of the Land Act to assure the Government that no homestead lessoo or conditional purchaser will expend i his time nnd capital on ecrub lands ; acd if Bomething is not done with thoso areas they ; will become largo rabbit warrens and bo thrown up by tho occupiers. If this is done the Government will not only loso. tho rent, but will have to destroy tho rabbits. Many occupiers would commenco tho work of ring ing nnd clonring those areas if some conces sions, wero made to tlieiu in tho form of low rental, and somo guarantee given thnt tliey would bo paid the cost of such work by tho incoming tenant. Wo are now paying |d an acre for them in tho Western Division, and might ring and clear them ono day and lose them tho ? . ? ? „i:illl,„l,l ,l,„n, n T,„nr nexi, or worse stui, juuiu iuciu u juui, ui i-ru until tho country began to] beni-fil by tlio work done and ihen loso them. My experi ence is thnt when n pieco of country is ringed and scrubbed tho raobits leave it and make for other scrub and there is no country they are so fond of in our district as that on which denso scrub grows, As tho appraisers and land boards are now located in the districts 1 have mentioned, you are in tlio position to verify tho statement I havo mace, and we Earnestly wish you to do bo and get them to define the boundaries of the country over grown with scrub. (' hear, hear,') Ke sub mitted the following ns the estimoted working expenditriVt^gfiJi holoing of 128,000 acres with 12,800 't.(l) Supervision, £150 ; (2) wages, including rations, £320 ; (3) shearing 12,800 sheep nt 30s per 100, £192 ; (i) carriage on 29 tons wool to Sydney at £8, £232 ; (5) freight, including insurance, ; (6) DroKers ennrges, ; t./ ) as sessments and incidental expenses, £100 ; (8 ) rocksal', ^ ton to 1000 sheep at £9, £58; total, £1292. Average cost per slieep, 2s O^d ; add minimum rent, WeBtern, lOd — 2s 10£d ; ditto ditto, Central, Is 3d. — 3s 3£d. Mr Eussell Barton, M.P., said thai us a representative of the district affected, which be knew intimately' for 22 years and in which he resided for 15 years, ho knew jhow rapid and extensive the growth of this scrub had boeu. He knew also iliat Mr Copelaud, who, without previous experience of squatting altairs, bad tiavelled over the district and had seen the enoimous growth of ihis scrub, was now well coversant with the extent to which the public estate had thereby been de preciated. So snro as. they allowed this scrub to got ahead, so Bure would tbe country in a short time bei ome a rubbil-warren. He did not quite agree with everything that had been said by tlio deputation, but he was quite sure that ou the facts which had been put bel'- re him, the Minister had sufficient to induce him to devise some means of intro ducing a clause which would benefit the Rnnnttern If Hnmplhincr of the sort Wttre not done, then tho country would lose n vorr large proportion of the ree-Vs VinciT it hail a right lo exp'^ii.-'iTOm' the land, nnd would suiter in Hat article which was its larges' exportation . Inspecting the depreciation that, had taken placc in tlie runs thr ugli tbe growth of the scrub, ho himself had oll'ered £4U00 for a land which he would now accept at £-400. He hoped tlio Ai mister would be able to do something this session to help the squatters ; for if not1, it was llk-ly that owing lo tlie Wet season which bad hitherto helped thegrowth of tbe scrub, the whole of the country between the Darling and the Laelilan would become worthless. (' Hear, hear.'') Mr OakJen, president of tho Cobar Asso ciation, fully endorsed what fallen froui Messrs Evans and Millar, and pointed out that the evidence given before the Cobar Land Board bore out what had been said as lo the effects of the disastrous sproad of pine and other scrub. Ho drew the attention of the Minister to the experience of Victoria, where the malleecountry became a re'uge for vermin and had to be abandoned. The oounlry lost the revenue from that land, and even now, it was let at a nominal rental. (' Hear, hear.') Mr Cumeron, a homestead lessee, Biid : I would like to call attention of the Minister to the fact that tbo associations for tho pre lection of the pastoral interest aro by no means confined to runholders. They consist of all classes of people — merchants, store keepers, professional thin and others — for the prosperity of all depends upon that of the pastoral interest. I am myself a homestead lessee, or rather have been an applicaut for a homestead lea^a for the past 12 months, and the fact is fully recoguised by the asso ciation I have the honor to represent, and ibe interests of the pastoral and homestead lessees ore identical. For my own part, I can safely Bay that if I had for one momont imagined thai such rents as thoso at present contemplated would be levied, I would never have give a thought to a homestead lease in New South Wales ; and as president of the Hillston Homestead Lessees Association I can confidently say that my views nre shared by every homestead lessee in the district Should the present high rents be maintained I feel suro that the number of homestead lessees in the colony will be very limited in deed from two years from to-day. During the last five year', even tbe large holdings which can be worked proportionately much cheaper have failed to yield any return. How, then, can it be expected that the small holdings can stand the enormously high rents that have, been placed on the liomstead leases in .me uairanaiu district. Asa matter of fact, 'I am certain that no holdingp. large or small, could stand such rents. Then with regard to compensation for improvements, it must surely be renBon able to suppose that it is to the best inte rests of the country that compensation should be allowed, otherwise the colony will find itself in the same state of advancement at the end of 15 years that it is now, for who is likely to do more than he can poBsibly help when he is to be allowed nothing for his expenditure ; and the question presses heavily upon the working men, who will find themselves unable to obtain employment. If tb'e'paBtoral interest is crushed, as it in evitably will be. under a system of high rents and no compensation, I am erne it will result disastrously lo the whole colony: Mr Williamson, as one of tbe representa tatives of' the Ivanhoe Association, trusted tho Minister would consider the hard times the sqatteie had . recently experienced. It was not to be supposed because the rain had i reoently come the squatters were going to make monoy. Many of them were now in daht to the bank* and other institutions, and it would take some time to clear away their liabilities. 1 Mr Copelnnd, in reply, said : I desire to say that 1 have heard with a good deal of interest tho expressions of opinion which have come from you, aud I think tho de putation has como at a very seasonable time. As I havo already stated, tho provisions of during tho present session have been pre pared, and during tbe last few days I havo gone carofully through the bill and elimi nated somo nlau8es that I thought might be dispensed witb, so as, by making it as small as possible, to havo tho better chance of gelling it through. (Hear, hear.) And' in doing this I have not omiltcd to deal with this scrub question. Therefore your views will come B°rvicoably; and I will take it us a favor if you will leave mo such of your stateiueulB as have been written, so thai I may fro ovep them cnrcfullv. nnd draft n clause to remedy any difficulties in the way of these scrub lands being occupiod. I am going away oil privato business to Victoria, and shall liavo time when travolling back and forward to give your statements consideration, nnd then make some proposals to deal wilh tho question to tlio Cabinet on my return. I can myself endorse a good deal that has been s»id on this question, because it is only 18 months since I travelled through this part of tlie country; and driving leisurely through, 1 had an opportunity of seeing the country my self. ' And I know that the scrub forest coun try, were it not for this, is a good red soil, which otherwise would he a valuable portion of the conntiy; but which, owing lo this, will be lost, and might ns woll bo eliminated from the public esinto. Thera is limber on somo part? ; but even this is no great good, and in some places is worthless. Now, I think it would be a desirable object to ketpin view, iu checking this pine scrub, to thin it out to a great exlmt, giving individual trees an op portunity of growing. 1 don't know whether it wonld result in creating pine forests. A Member : That would be the result if individual trees woro allowed to remain. Mr Copelnnd : Of couisp, I do not mean to thin tliem out, but to extirpate the scrub, leaving n treo here and thoro. I do not know what the effect of Ibiswculd be. Mr Wilkinson : If you leave a single tree it would be like leaving a single suinll-pox way to preserve a pine forest is to preserve . ihe scrub in blocks. If you leave a single pine anywhere it is just as bud us to leave a small-pox patient iu tho niiddjp of the city. Mr Copelnnd : At any rale I don't feel in clined to pledge inyelf to any particular views at the present lime; and I should like before doing solo read your statements carefully over. I nm certain something should bo done in the direction of dealing with the scrublands; anil that the piesent enactment is not a popular one is shown by the -i'fict that, although I have b eu hero several months, I have not jot dealt with a single application lor a sernn lease, j nere are some applications in the ? ffijc, out nothing to Ihe exteiit .t.lu'M. -kwi'iA \ju ,Y Wie provisions of tho Act' find linen considered suitable. lain cer tain it ;s necessary to make some amendments in the Act, but what these amendments will ba I don't feel aide iu the position of work at the pres ill lia.c In say. But one of them shou d, I think, he the extension of tho leases' to 20 years. It would be altogether unrea sonable for the Stn'o to oxiect anyone to clear this land unless he had ii on a reason able tenure for clearing it. As to the grant ing of t e rights lo I -users to extend their scrub leases over the resumed areas, I cannot at present say anything; but I do not feel in clined to endorso that view. I think tho lessees sh nld be restric.ed to tluir own leases and the resumed area left op--n lor smaller men. ? A Mombor : For rnbbils. Mr Oopoland : Not for rabbits at present. But if it pays tho lessees to take up scrub land under the existing regulations, then it ought to pay sinalL-r men, who will do their own work in ele iriug tho land, lo do tlie samo. Mr Willii.ison : It would not. pay n lessoo to take UD the land for thnt. nnrnnsn tinlv The only, reason it pays him is because helms his money already in it. Mr Copelnnd : Well, I cannot endorse that. . Tho object of the legislature Bhould bo to pass such an enactment as would enable tho whole of the country to be settled upon: and if tho present law is so unfavorable as lo iffor ontsid- persons no inducement tj take up tho land, thon onr duty is to amend the law, and it should be amended in such a way as to offer that iuducemon'. But 1 don't think you Bhould show any strong desire to grasp the resumod area. You have got your leasehold areas, and though I admit it was very rough treatment to take away one-half of your runs, still that policy has been adopted by tbe coun'ry, and we have practi cally vested you with a tenure of 20 years. At any rate, tho country has adopted the policy of giving a vested tenure to the pas toralists, and in return throws open one-half of the run to Bmaller men. That being so, I am not one to upset the policy. Mr Wilkinson: We only ask that we shoe'd occupy the principal part of our mns until they are required for Bottlement, so as to prevent thoir being overrun with pine scrub. The pastoralisfs aro willing to clear out any time the selector comes, if compensation is g'ven for what has been done. AH wo want is to be allowed to clear the resumed area of Bnrub and hand it over to tho homestead lessee' or Belector.when they como, Mr Copelnnd : I am bound to take this view of the matter, because the pastoralists have no monopoly of patriotism or philan thropy. And I cannot imagine that you are making these proposals in tho public interest. As business men, the propo sals which you make are made in your own interest. I havo to con Bid»r that there are other poisons in the colony than pastoralists, and it is my duty to make such amendments on the law as will in duce outside peisons to take up the land. And I have no doubt we will get anumber of tenures by smaller men, and that we will havo different grades of men occupying these lands. It is thought desirable that between the two grades of squatter and homestead ' lesneo wo should have a smaller grade of men, who would bo able to do their own work and who would improve the country and their own position uu mu II1UID num. nuu no lUUBb UlUKt) IUUSO I amendments in such a direction, for if it is worth the while of the pastoral lessees to take op this land, it will also be worth tbe while of an outsider.' But I conceive that you would not be particular to do this if you could go-in and get scrub land in the resumed areas. Several members of the deputation 'dis- claimed any wish to go in on the resumed areas, except as already mentioned. Mr Copland ; Well, there is no use in '. ? . .M going into a discussion. I wish to give the matter my most caroful consideration. It is now pretty generally understood, I hope, that I havo no desire to ruin tlio pastoral or any other interest in this country. (Dear, hear.) As to tho homestoad leases, vory few havo as yot been gazettod. I have gone vory care fully tlnough tho recommendations of tlio board and tho valuators, and I have in almost all, if not in every case, follo'wod tho recom mendations of the land bonrdp. Whoro the error lias been is in tho impression that the land boards fix the rents. They do not fix tho rents, but merely mnko recommendations to tho Minister; nnd where, in Jmy judgment, the rent recommended has been too high, I havo reduced it. A statement has been mndo that tho land boards have estimated tlio value of a flioep at Is. I may say that in all the homestead leases I have so far dealt with in tho Western Division, I did not on any occa sion value a sheep moro than 8d or 9d. I have taken into account tho distance from market, the rainfall nnd tho nature of the country, and in no instance have I valued a sheep at more than 9d. In districts liko Crangp, Forbes, or Cootnn, it may be neces sary to place a somewhat higher appraisoment on tho land; hut in every caso it will dis tinctly bo dono on the carrying capabilities of tlio run. Iliat seems tome to be the fair est way — 'o assess ihe land mi its carrying capacity. Assuming what the land will carry, we assess it at that, and if tho lessee doos not put sufficient sheep upon it, that is his fault. Now if you are satisfied with this principle yon need iiot trouble yourselves further. ( Hear, hear.) Ml tho runs, so far, liavo been appraised on this principle, and Boil, rainfall, herbage, timber, and distance from market, are ull taken into ncjonnt. (Hear, hoar). Tho deputation thanked the Minister and withdrew. 