TERRIBLE DEATH FROM BURNING. One of the most horrible circumstances on record in this district occurred on Sunday last at Willow Gully, Mr. John Williams' station, which is situated some eleven miles from Northampton. It appears that a bush-fire had broken out not far from the homestead, and that all hands, in- cluding Mr. John Williams, were engaged in beating it out. Miss Lizzie Williams took some tea to her father who was trying to put the fire out in a stubble field not far from the house. After she had given her father the tea, not wishing to stand idle, Miss Williams picked np a piece of bush, and lent a hand in beating out the fire. In doing this her dress, which was only of light muslin caught fire and burned like tinder, the poor young lady being instantly enveloped in a sheet of flames. Mr. R. C. Howes, who was by her side at the time, told her to roll on the ground, and himself it is said did all in his pow er to extinguish the flames, but having no coat on he was almost powerless to do any good, as were other station hands who were soon on the spot. Soon the high grass round the unfortunate girl had caught fire, and she was literarly roast- ted alive. Her father, who was some distance away when her dress first caught ran to her assistance as fast as he could, shouting to her to run to the adjoining gully, intending as soon as he could reach her to roll her in the wet sand, but Miss Williams, driven mad with agony and fright, not comprehending this direction did not comply with it. Mr. Williams himself was already exhausted with the labor of putting out the fire in order to save his house and hay- stack, and had fallen down in a fit a little time before, so could not run very quickly to his agon- ised daughter. When he reached her he quick- ly tore off her burning clothes, and had her conveyed home, when slaked lime and sweet oil in the form of a paste were applied to her body, but her injuries were of far too terrible a character to justify any expectations of recovery. She was especially badly burned in the region of the heart, which, maybe, was a merciful dispen- sation, and shortened her sufferings. She pass ed away at 8.30 the same evening, surrounded by nearly all the members of the family, only surviving her injuries five hours, and being quite conscious to the last. Mr. Spalding, who happened to be present shortly after the acci- dent, and others suggested all they knew to alleviate Miss Williams' pain, but the highest medical skill, had it been forthcoming, conld have availed nothing, the injuries and the shock to the system being so terrible. The deceased young lady was only twenty years and four months old, and was much beloved by those who knew her. An inquest was held at North- ampton on Monday by Mr. Mitchell, which was adjourned till to-day Saturday. The funeral took place on Tuesday morning last at the Roman Catholic cemetery, Northampton, and a large number of residents of the district followed tbe deceased's remains to the grave. We need scarcely add that the utmost sympathy is felt for the parents and numerous relatives of the deceased. . Our Northampton correspondent sends us further particulars concerning the above pain- ful occurrence, which at the time cast quite a gloom over the district. It would appear that the fire which led to Miss Lizzie Williams' ter- rible sufferings, and death is supposed to have been caused by Richard Williams, the deceased's young brother, who accidently set fire to the bush. He has been missing ever since Sunday last, and the police are trying to track him. Mr. Mitchell was obliged to adjourn the inquest until to-day, Saturday, owing to the prostration of mind of the principle witnesses.' We have already said that Miss Williams was conscious to the last, and she was able to bid a touching fare- well to her parents and relatives. The scene at the funeral on Tuesday last was painful in the extreme. A very large number of people from all parts of the district assembled at the Roman Catholic cemetery, Northampton, where the fun- eral service was conducted by the Rev.Father De- laney. The circumstances were so harrowing, and the grief of the parents and relatives so terrible that everyone was moved to tears, and the recollection of the sad ceremony will be in- effaceable from the minds of all who witnessed it. 