PEOM KUEEAJONG BILL TO OUKA AND BACK. [By PANTA] I AM pleased to havo it to reoord that the greater the number of squatters to whom I have spoken on the subject are unanimous in their verdict of the Shearers' Union. It has proved an unqualified success. I havo i said the greater number of the squatters, inasmuch as one or two of the lessees com plain that their sheep were indifferently shorn. The Union, if it wishes the institu tion to flourish, should avoid giving grouuds for such complaints in the future. Mr. Geo. Mulhollantl, of Oura, spoko highly of the manner in which his eheup had been shorn ; and Mr. J. J. M'Nickle, of Kurrajong Hill, expressed a similar opiniou. It was very late at night when I reached the latter place, but early the following morning I iuBpeoted the property, and,like a veritable schoolboy, almost wished myself one of the three men who were rowing across the lagoon, so cool and refreshing did the whole surroundings look. We first visited the stables and 1 am in a position to compliment Mr. J, J. M'Nickle upon the thoroughness of his arrangement. Four large iron tanks coujoined catch the water from the surrounding roofs, acd each stall is readily supplied with grain, hay, and chaff. Ascending to the lofts, in each of which eight tons may be stored, I noticed a number of shoots for the supply of the stalls, and a small door, in front o'f the manger, fills the latter with chaff as required. Large yards and loose boxes are built for the use-of the sires, and Perfection, of course, was duly noticed. As? everyone knows, Per fection is a young horse, magnificently built, and standing upwards of 16 hands high. He is hy Lord Cleveland, imp., and chestnut in colour. Further remarks from me would be invidious, inasmuch as the horse is most favourably known in the district. In the yard I Baw a number of valuable mares by Davey, imp., Gallant Scotchman, and others, all out of imported stock, bred by Onus and. Towns. A chestnut colt, by Honesty, was let out of his box into the yard, nnd as he trotted round with head erect, I could not but notice the excellence of his action, combined with perfectly shaped head and legs, and pronounced him, at once, a promising youngster. Next to this yearling I saw a two-year- old, by Childe Harold, imp., another great American trotter, bred in Kentucky, who performed in the best time of any horae that left America. Mr. M'Nickle has 40 acres under crop at Harefield, besides large areas here and on the river. This settler expects to cut two tons of hoy to the acre, and the yield of wheat will be unusually large. Walking through the woolshed X noted the light which has been carefully let in, and the arrangements of sweating and catching pens, wool-tableand patent press, not forgetting the receiving, forcing, and drafting yards outside are all of the corapletest kind. The house is well constructed and roomy, surrounded by a wide verandah, and stands in a good garden. Returning from Oura, you catch a fuller view of the dwelling aud its surroundings, A permanent lagoon passes near the shed, and every attention appears to have been bestowed upon comfort as well as utility. I might have told you about Charmer,. the black imported Clydesdale stallion, but have already filled the space I can accord to this holding. Suffice it to «ay that Mr. J. J. M'Nickle has one of the coin pletest and best properties in the neighbour hood of Wagga ; and the superior character of the stock at Kurrajong needs no further comment from my pen. In sight of Kurrajong, and a little to the east, is Mr. J. Hutton'a Bloomfield farm, of 822 acres, and upon which he has erected a commodious brick house, He has 35 acres under crop and 35 cleared for next year, besides which he devotes much attention to duiryiug and the rearing of poultry ; industries which the closeness of his farm to the towu teuds greatly to foster. In the garden I noticed a fine bed of onions, some Early Rose potatoes (which I tasted), and a general assortment of healthy fruit trees. Some excellent young stock was shown to me in the shape of a Charmer foal, also colts and filly, out of Garibaldi mares by Native Hero. The yield of wheat will probably reach from 20 to 30 bushels to the acre. Mrs. Hutton invited me to visit the dairy, a most pleasant and cool retreat. Of the quality of the butter, I believe myself justified in saying that, as it commands a good price and ready sale in the town, its character is probably established. It struck me, and I have suggested something similar in previous communications, that between good stock and wheat fields, fruit garden aud poultry, eggs, butter, bacon, and general farm produce, Mr. Button has struck the key-note of success for holdings near a town, as the return from such farms is constant and remunerative. In the cool of the evening I proceeded on my way,: passing the litte church to the right, Mr. Mulholland's pretty place ad joining, and other holdings more distant from the road. Late in the afternoon I drove up the hill that leads to the station, and Oura homestead stood'before me. This station contains about 25,000 acres, carrying 38,000 sheep and some 3000 head of cattle. As I have already stated, the shearing was carried out under Union rules, and Mr. G. Mulholland expressed himself perfectly satis fied with the manner in which his sheep had been shorn. There are this year, on the property under notice, 140 acres under crop, six of which have been out down for hay. The wheat will probably go 20 bushels to the acre, while the yield of hay has proved satisfactory. Back water from the Murrum bidgee affords a permanent supply to the station, besides which the lessee has a large river frontage. It can but be expected, from a holding of this character, that the com forts of dwelling and outhouses have not been neglected, and standing under the front verandah at early morn, I could readily judge of the rich quality of the flats at my feet. Hill succeeds hilt in the direction of the river, so that a healthy sheep, carrying a clean, solid fleece, may be looked for in this direction, a fact which has been borne out, of late years, by prizes and returns. Lord Cleveland came under my notice, and having already seen his progeny I am prepared, in a measure, to do justice to his pedigree. He is, to all intents and purposes, the worthy son of a worthy sire, and is regarded through the district as one of the best coaching stallions to be seen. A magnificient dark bay, close ribbed and oompact in build, he showed the mottles ofa his bright coat to advantage as he stood in the sun, aod the inevitablo black streak down the baok and at his points showed, unerringly, the nobility of his birth. With such horses aa the half-dozen I have recently referred to, the Wagga Wagga dis trict should hold its own against allcomers in the way of pedigree stock for the future. The complaint is daily made that horses in the colony are not what they were, and I can speak from experience when 1 state that the upstanding, hardy hack of the past, hear ing in biB every motion the characteristics of his glorious prototype, the English hunter, appears, in a measure, to have passed away. Twenty years ago, in the district of Yass, 1 rode a bay called Sportsman and, eventually, was the purchaser of that bcost. Whether it was the gilding of my 22 summers, or the excellence of the animal I bestrode, I am inclined to think that the hackney, as I knew him in the Spring of *64, like some of our most cherished illusions, has fur ever passed away. I trust that it may be in my power to treat of Mr, R. M'lntyre's Glenfield Estate in my next ; | The following pastoral district reports have been received :-Coonamble-Another good season is guaranteed by the late rain ; there are fair numbers of travelling stock. Forbes -Grand general rains have fallen, which havo had the effect of quenching the bush fires previously raging, but not before con siderable damage was done, The crops have been damaged by tho rain, but the country is looking splendid ; large numbers of stock, mostly store*, are travelling, Condobolin The late heavy rains did an immense deal of good, staying the progress of the bush-fires, which were assuming large dimensions. Walgett-The late rains have greatly im proved the previous splendid state of tho country, which is looking grond, everything being green. Nyngan-- Everything is in a flourishing condition; fair numbers of fafc stook were forward for trucking. St. George -After doing considerable damage the bush fires were extinguished by the late rains, which have ensured a good summer season. The crops are looking splendid, especially the corn and potatoes. Cunnamulla-Very heavy rains were recorded last week in places, Dynevor Downs reporting seven inches. The Boorara Creek is very high. The Yowah Creek is four mile3 wide. A few fat stock , are coming forward, Feed and water arc gpleuded CTerywhcio, 