M00RAV0NG. ^ ? £By Bdcouc] The above district is perhaps one of the least-known and withal one of the most prosperous in the colony. Mooradong is situate on the road between the Williams and Pinjarrah, about forty miles fr^m tbe latter place. There are about fourteen farms of various dimensions occupied, the proprietors of which are amongst tbe most well-to-do of our rural population. One of tbe first to settle down in this neighbour hood was Mr. Thos. Farmer, who moved with bis wife — a daughter of one of tbe earliest pioneers in the eastern districts — from Beverley, and located on a most fer tile spot on the Hotbam River, at a splendid pool «i water, xne sice seiecdea oy jar. Farmer was a remarkable blackboy hill of some eighty acres in extent. Upon this hill, which slopes with a steep inriineto the south, there was very little timber, bnt the blackboys were very thick and tbe clearing heavy. However, Mr. Farmer set to work, and with his own bands brought the land under cultivation; a tew scree each year until the whole was brought under crop, and now amply repays tbe pro prietor for his labour. I have no hesita tion in stating that I have never seen bet ter agricultural land than is ibis field — very strong crumbly chocolate soil of great depth (three and four feet at least), unless interfered with by an occasional granite boulder. At the time ot my visit Mr. Farmer was ploughing on tbe hillside. Heavy rains bad just taUen, ana tbe neb mould turned over was simply splendid, but the ploughman's task was no easy one, as tbe mould-board, coulter, and even tbe plough-wheels were being constantly dogged with the adhesive soiL It was up hill work in the true sense of the term, as the ascent was like climbing' tbe roof of a. house, but the horses, when used to tbe work, hang steadily at it and get through a fair day's work. When Mr. Farmer first settled at 'Hillside' he purchased ten bushels of wheat, for which he paid 10s. per bushel; 14 bushels he gave to hit horses whilst ploughing a small patch just cleared, 1£ bushels given to bis first pig, and the remaining seven bushels were sown. No record is available as to tbe extent of land cropped, but supposed to he about six acres. This small patch yielded Zoo pnsneiB ot gooa dean wnem — hoc a. bad return for seven bushels. This bill has now borne twelve crops without manure, and the yield is as heavy as at first. Last year, although a very unfavour able season, twenty acres under wheat averaged 25 bushels, and twelve acres of barley gave twenty-five bushels, whilst eight acres under hay gave over 16 tons. Some years ago four acres of white oats yielded 90 bushels to tbe acre, and tbe same season 50 bushels of English, barley was averaged; whilst in wheat 45 bushels per acre was harvested. A short distance from tbe field in question, on tbe opposite side of the river, is another field of some fifty acres, very little inferior to tbe firstnamed. This land is not cropped ibis year, but will be fallowed for early sowing next season. Mr. Farmer's system is to crop, fallow and graze alternately. The property oonsists of 430 acres in fee simple, also a pastoral lease of 10,000 acres. 280 acres of tbe private land is fenced with substantial poets and rails, nearly a mile of which is built tip to the second rail with dry stone-work, thus making a pig-proof fence. Another advantage to be derived from the stone-Work is that it forms a use ful break to bush-fires ; mote than, one has been kept out of the cornfield by means of biE walL Tbe arable laud is subdivided into four fields, and a. grass paddock is now being fenced which is intended for horses and cattle. Some years ago a nice little herd of dairy cattle were kept, when Mrs. Farmer obtained good results in tbe way of butter, for which a ready sale was found at remunerative prices ; but unfortunately almost the whole herd were subsequently lost by feeding on. the peison plant abound ing along this river. At present only twelve bead of cattle are kept. All of these nave been bred on the place, con sequently they are not sociable to eat tbe poison; at any sate none have died during he last three yeans, although they run at large. From ten to twelve horses are kept for farm use, amongst which is a smart active young stallion rising three years, the progeny of tbat grand horse ' Forrester,' imported by Mr. A. B. Richardson, of Lowlands. From 700 to 600 sheep are kept, and under the care of Me Farmer'e second son are looking welL They require constant attention to keep them clear of poison, bnt so well does joung Farmer attend to bis duties tbat during the last five years be has had no losses worth men tioning, although only 13 years of age when he first took charge. Occasionally a few wethers ace fattened in the fields and do welL One slaughtered a short time ago weighed 16 lbs. About 30 pigs are kept and do very welL running at large after the crops are taken off until required for fatten ing. Tbe homestead consists of a comfort able house of 7 rooms, facing a splendid pool of fresh water in which. &re; & arge number of cobblers. The farm buudiBgs consist of a. seven-stall stable and barn, stock-yard and pig-styes. All straw is saved and converted into manure. I was surprised to learn that so experienced an agriculturist as Mr. Farmer did not em ploy a stripper for Jiarvesting his grain, but had it cut by hand after tbe manner of our forefathers. In bis wife the proprietor nas a wortny neipmate. Mrs. farmer e duties ace multifarious and Rhe is ably assisted by her daughters, whilst Mr. Far mer has the assistance of his 'M^wfr Bon, a muscular young fellow of 21 years. The whole work of tbe farm is performed by the family, and although tbe labour i£ consider able tb«y have the satisfaction of knowing tbat the work is well done. About 4 miles. from ' Hillside ' is 'Park Field,' tbe property of Mr. John Pollard, who possesses in all 620 acres. 'Park Field' comprises 360 acres of first-class agricultural land — dark chocolate alluvial soiL The country is undulating, and every acre might be brought under cultivation, although portions of tbe country will be c&tbj;&r; expensive to dear ; the principal timber being red and white gum, whilst blackboys are very thick in places. Mr. Pollard cultivates only sufficient for his own requirements, with a small surplus for sale, preferring to graze his country. The pro perty is all enclosed with a good two-rail fence and subdivided into three paddocks ; 75 acres have been brought under cultiva tion, but of this only about one-third is cropped annually. Last season the wheat crop averaged 20 bushels, and barley 25, to the acre. About two miles from *' Park Field' Mr. Pollard has another block, called ' Holborn,' where be is building a dwelling house and appurtenances. This block con sists of 260 acres, only a portion of which would be fit for agricultural purposes ; tbe balance, however, is very suitable for graz ing, this being the object in view. 140 acres of 'Holborn' is fenced with post and rail and wire; 10 acres have been cleared for tbe plough, and will be cropped next year. €0 head of cattle are kept on the two places, with a change to the sea coast in summer. When brought back from the latter in July or August and placed in these paddocks they fatten rapidly, and a number of steers are sold for beef, whilst the cows are used for dairy.purposee, a ready sale being found for butter. Six working horses are kept on tbe place, also a few pigs ; the latter are kept shut up until the grain ie harvested, when they have the run of the stubble fields. At present Mr. Pol hud resides on a nice little farm of 180 acres, tbe property of his lather, which ad 