DESTRUCTIVE BUSH FIRES. The iriost torriblo busli-firo over 'known in this district broko out InBt Thursday at a 'selector's farm on tbo >Barooga run. Tho cnuso of the ;out- Ibronk wob accidental. A soleotor was removing a stripping machine from one paddock to another, when a box of matches fell out of his pocket and .was crushed benoath the whools of the machino. Tho long grass caught instantly; and, fanned by n hot brooze, too flames Boon got beyond control, and spread with tremendous rapidity into, the Barooga paddocks, -destroy ing everything in their course. Bo. fore long tho fire extended to Mr. Sugden's Pinegrovo Estate, where the wooluhod and its contents were com pletely gutted and 5000 acres of grass burnt. A mob of Bheop, 2500 in number, wore depastured in a distant paddock, and as no access could be obtained to them it was feared that they had perished. On Saturday,, however, Mr. Sugden succeeded in mustering 1100 of the number, moBt of these having thoir hoofs burnt off. On Mr. Hillson's property, of 3000 acreB, almost all the grasB was de stroyed, and the fire advanced with such rapidity that of 600 bags -of wheat lying in a stubble paddock only 80 were saved after tremendous exer tions. Throughout Thursday night and all Friday men were stationed on tho Jerilderie Road to prevent the flames from croBBing to Tappal pad docks. At one time it seemed as if their exertions were fruitless, as the fire crossed tho road and got into the paddocks of two farmere named Tur ner and Looney, hut with assistance tho flames wore subdued. It was not until Saturday that any estimate could be formed of tho loss, and then the details showed that the damage has oven exceeded expecta tions. Tho whole country cast of Tocumwal was a doBort of burning trees and logB, The whole of tho Barooga run between the Albury Road and tho back boundary, and also tho back portions of tho Lnllalie and Boomanoomana runs had been devastated. The one grain of conso lation was that the selectors on tho Momolong and Berrigan runs had escaped. Altogether 250,000 acres of graBs have been destroyed and the damago to stock has been correspond ingly great. , A telegram to the Herald on Mon day gavo the following supplementary details: — Although tho most disas trous conBcquoncos were anticipated when tbo Barooga fire first broke out, tho oxtent of tho damago dono has exceeded all expectations. Mr. M'Farlnnd's ostato nt Barooga, near whore tho conflagration originated, has boon almost entirely donudod, tho only portion of tho run escaping tho flames being the country lying along the banks of the river, where the grass wbb not so dry as on tho pad docks lying hack from the Murray. Tbo Barooga run was heavily stocked this season owing to the grass having beon very plentiful. Consequently there are about two hundred and fifty thousand sheep now left without a vestige of grass. They will either have to bo removed or fed on chaff till a. fresh growth of grass springs up. In tlio meantime the sheep are living on chaff. Out of the number, there are about forty thousand breed ing ewes, which, in any case, will be considerably thrown back. One of the Barooga woolsheds was burnt to the ground, together with tho adja cent drafting yards. Altogether tho devastation has been complete, and M'Farland's Iobs must be enormous. Mr. Sugdon's Pino Grove Estate hos suffered considerably, tho whole of tho luxuriant grass having been bnrnt and the fencing destroyed for miles. About two thousand sheep wore burnt to death, only a few of the flock escaping. Mr. HillsonVfarm has suffered considerably, the whole of the fencing and grnBB having been entirely demolished, which will ne cessitate a removal of the live stock. Tho stock and grain were preserved with the utmost difficulty on the country burnt. Tho grass stood nearly two feet high, and it .was vory dry which-fpct made it a matter of utter impossibility to beat ont the flames, and. as the timber took fire it became positively dangerous to re main in the neighbourhood. A num ber of people went from. Numurkah to the scene of tho fire yesterday. The country around Tocumwal is described as in a dangerous condition, and quite impassable, through the trees having fallen acrosB the roads. Heavy log fences and trunks oE trees are burning furiously. ' The lieat in Tocumwal is terrific at night time. Clouds of BparkB are carried by tho wind for a great distanco, and patches of graBS that have ' escaped tho fire are ignited. Tlio flames are now swooping on in a north-easterly di rection towards Jerilderie, and there are scores of men working hard en deavouring to check its . onward career-. Fortunately the wind lias subsided, and the progress of the firo is not quito so rapid as it was on Friday, but little hopes are enter tained that it will be extinguished till rain comes. From Tocumwal it is possible to travel for thirty miles in a direct lino over burnt country. On Saturdny a fresh outbreak oc curred, in consoquenco of tho sparks from tlio Barooga fire flying over tlio Murray, in tho Ynrrnwoyah rod-gum Rwamp, along the river bank, abont five miioB up tho stream from Tocum wal. A quantity of valubblo limber belonging to tho Yalca Sawmill Com-' pany has boon destroyed, and great dangor exists of tho flames extending amongst the selectors in tho locality. If this should happen tlio roHiilto would bo most disastrous, as tho graRS on this sido of thorivor in vory long and dry, and many of the crops aro still standing. _ Some of tlio far- mors in the locality are of opinion that tho firo was caused by tlio care loKsnosH of some fishormon who wore camped on tlio river bank, Tlio Nu murkah police liavo boon communica ted with on the matter, and a strict inquiry will ho tirade. A bush-fire hroko biit Boree Creek 1 station, near Urana, on Thursday last. ! It was caused by lightning striking , tho wire fence nnd setting firo' to the ! posts nnd grass. Tlio fire spread rapidly, nnd, despite all exertions, completely swopt the run; the ' home stead' nnrrowly escaping dostrunction. It is estimated that over 57,000 acres of grasB have been destroyed, bosidos. fencing, &c.; Several selectors' also suffered severely. Another fire de stroyed a largo quantity of' grass on Brookong station. Otbor largo bush- fires aro reported as having dono great damage on Barooga and Coree stations, near Jerilderie, and oa Rudd's Wngongoborombeo nnd Faith: fill's Brownrrina runs, lioar Nnran- dora. ! The following , telegrams, wore received (luring the -weekii-r- . . Urana,- Saturday. Extensive bush-fires are raging on Brookong, Nouranio, Boree Creek, and BuBkingbong stations, and thou sands of acres - of grass i have -been destroyed. Several selectors are re ported to he completely 'burnt, out. The latest -information states that the fires are well under, and that all the spare men in tho town are out- assist- ing to extinguish them.- Tho weather is very hot, the glass i registering from lOOdeg. to IlOdeg. Wagga Wagga, Sunday. A largo hush-fire has broken out on Boree Creek run, and a great quan tity of pasturage has been burnt- .An extensive fire has also been on Broo kong run, and is working towards Emu Plains. The grass is very dry all over the diBtriat, and it iti 'expor ted that much loss will occar this season by fire, owing to the length. of the grass., consequent upon the heavy rainfall. 