THE LAND BILL. {from the S. M. Herald.) In Hie LegUitlve Assembly on Wenneid», Mr Garrett, who was received with encere, moved the «?corni reading of the Crown Lands Bill. Uemli t"e «"JP0" anoeol the subject of the Land Act under ordinary circum euïcct waa sogreat that he wa a confide« ¿uf, T°st.o»pt lons person would be disposed to give any ona la Wa pe»»»»« greatest consideration. It was Important on all occasions in Sealing with proposals touching that which was the basiBOl ¿very operaUon of onr national Hie. and at the presen t time it wa\ exceptionally Important that such mattersshould receive the most careful consideration. Therefore, he hoped hon. »embers would gire him their patience while be endeavoured to explain the reasons for the dlßcrent provisions jn the measure Vhen27ycnra oro Sir John Robertson, undertook Selmenament of the land Paws of the country, when he had opposed to him very large and powerful '»'«esto, he had to explain a theory of settlement that was new to the people of the country, àn<l he had very great difficulties to contend with. At th^pSit time, whilst w/îat they hod to deal wit h waa not new, still the circumstances surrounding the; subject were of such a oomplex and Intricate character that the difficulty con neeted with It was to his mind ot greater magnitude than that which had surrounded the Act of 1801. (Hear, hear.j Before 18«1 a comparatively small proportion ol the land of the oountry was under tenure at all. That tenure was not of the «xed and recognised legal ?character that it was at present. Under the tenure that tlîen existed, although a large class of persons had been brought into existence, and were interested ita maintaining a certain state of affairs, yet although that was the case the difficulties were not of such an intricate and serions character as those the law bad since created. At the present time they could not move in any way without being met with obli ¿cations and Interests oreatcd under tho law. Hon. members must bear this In rolnd in criticising the proposals he had te- rnaire (Hear, hear) In the proposal« ne had to make, it would be lound that in no case had any exiBting contract been interfered with by the operation of the bill-(hear, hean-that wai interfered with arbitrarily. Persons whose Interests had in-own up under the existing law, would be encouraged by the provisions of thiB 1)111 to come under Its operations. In no caBe WBB any attempt made to Bet aside a legal oontraot or existing interest in an arbitrary or injurious manner; and that, he thought, would commend itsell to hon. members (Cheero.) In «very instance where a change was proposed, it was proposed to effect that change by offering inducements to persons who would willingly take advantage of them. In this respect the till ought to commend itself to the House and to those who were particularly concerned in Its operations outside the if ouse. The interests which were involved, and which would be affected by legislation, were as diverse as they were intricate. They were Innumerable, and they touched ia every direction, and wherever they worked they must affect established and recog- nised principles. When the law of 1801 wa« paaaed- thesonrce from which these interests sprang-there was but one interest affected or touched upon, but now Innumerable interests had to be regarded in connection with the proposals which the Government had to make. He might say at once that it would be impossible for any politician who proposed to deal with the circumstances that they had now, to deal with them If be had before bis mind tho idea of being thoroughly consistent with everything that had taken place before. It waa very likely that amongst the proposals he had to make were some proposals that he bad objeoted to before. But he thought it, was no discredit to give up ideas which he had previously formed when they were opposed to what he now considered was best for the general interests of the com- munity. He had been consistent in his proposals with his former principles; but he would say thut in regard to a subject of this sort where there were var>ing ciroumstances surrouud ing it, it was utterly impossible tor a man to Bay that he was correct in every opinion that he had expressed There was one very fortunate ciroumstanoe which characterised the condition of affairs ia dealing with a measure of this kind. Ile believed they had in the Assembly men who were capable of dealing with this question, and were in as iavourable circumstances to deal with it'as in any Parliament they had ever bad in the country. ("Hear, hear," and laughter.) It waB true, cer- tainly, that there were individuals in the present Chamber who were eminently fitted to deal with this question. There was certainly in tua Chamber now no one of the great classes connected with the land preponderating!? represented They were all represented, and ably and fairly represented, but there was no compact of the members-twenty or thirty of one «lass whose votes would go in one way or another to further their own interests, or the interests of their class. But the general interests of the oountry in the occupation of the lands of the coût try were better represented in the present Chamber than they had ever been before, for a settlement being arrived st in tbe public interest. There could be no question whatever of the necessity for the changes proposed. (Hear, hear.) He presumed it would be admitted on all hands that a change, a radical ohange, was required. Amendments of the existing law were demanded in every conceivable direction. The two Governments preceding this one had brought in bills to amend the Crown Lands Act or 1881 - the Govern- ment of which Sir John Robertson was the leader, and tbe succeeding one, of willoh Mr. Copeland was Minister for Lands. They bad had also the whole country from one end to the other agitating for a change. Publlo meetings had been held, petitions had been presented to the House, and there was every evidence to warrant the Government arriving at the conclusion that the time had arrived when changea of an important character must be effected. He would just for a few moments draw the attention of the House to the reason whioh had given rite to the dissatis- faction existing regarding the present law. In the first place the conditional purchasers under the lan and those who would become conditional purchasers were dissatisfied. They were dissatisfied with the long uncertain period between tbe time that they applied for their land and the time that they got it. That period meant from three months up to two years. The other day he bad received a letter from a person who two years aho applied for land, and be had not got it yet. There were many cases where the delay had been altogether unreasonable, ', ? and ruinous to tho individual. One reason for that was that the .,,, law as It now stood compelled men to reside five years upon the 'ty land, not fire yea» from the making of the application, but five / years commencing from the data ol the confirmation of the \ application ; so that the period over which n man was compelled to na under the restraint of this rule wa« really six years instead of five. Then there was a condition that the land must be fenced within two years, and until that was done no allowance was made for any other improvements. No matter if a man put up a substantial house, cleared tho land, cultivated it, sank tanka and wells-whatever he did in this direction, he must fence within the date specified, or he would forfeit his land. Then if there was the elighcBt error In marking the boundary, or if he did not mark the boundary himself, the application was liable to be voided. This really .made bim wonder bow the House agreed to the condition of fenolng in regard to conditional leases This objection with regard to the fenolng within the two years applied to the ooniitional leaseholders-to thoso who had the right to purohase as well as ' to those who had not. Then when they came to deal with the pastoral lessee, the evils that wero complained of were even greater than the conditional purchasers or the conditional lessees were labouring under. They had leases in the western division of 16 years, with probably five at the end for one-half of the holding. Then, if the lessee desired to raise money for improvements, they could only raise it on half of thefr holding. On the other half, which was in no way inferior, they could not raise a copper because they could give no scour- I ity. Therefore, they were discouraged and practically debarred irom improvements, and that waB one of the greatest disabilities they were labouring under. In the central division, or a greaterproportlonoflt.they werelabourlngunderthesamedifQ culty. In the eastern division of course it did not exist to such a great extent : but there were portions of the eastern division to which the division of runs applied where it was practically useless, because the land was not fit for settlement. In some parts of the oountry-the latest settled parts-the lands were not under tenure yet. There were runs In the Twofold Hay district that had been open to conditional purchase not two miles from the seaboard, which had never been touched by a selector. On the top of the coast range was a country which had been open to conditional purchase from the first, but no conditional purchaser had been near it, and, in all human probability, never would. Still the principle of division of runs applied to these parts of the country, and this had been a source of fatal weakness to pastoral Interests, and would remain so as long as Parliament permitted it. Then again there was the provision with regard to arbitrary increases In the rent, and any member could see what an unbusinesslike proposal this was. (Hear, hean,) He had strongly opposed this regu- lation night alter night in Parliament, but the then pre- dominant iaotlon in this House, the pastoralists, with one or two exceptions, went for it, and aided the Govern- ment to carry it (Hear, bear.) They had been so «reedy to get fixity of tenure for one bait of their runs; that they swallowed this and many other disabilities whioh they now grlevously,complalned of. (Hear, hear.) There was another provisión that they complained of, that there waa no appeal against the rents from the decision of the land boards, unless the rent was fixed at the minimum, and he thought that if the principle of appeal to any court was good at all it was good all round. (Hear, bear.) He agreed with the principle of the minimum rents, for they must have some standurd for the authorities to fix rent, and this was to some extent u security to the public that they would receive something like a fair rent for the use of this land. This was wby he justified the mini- mum, but 11 they once admitted the right of appeal, he did not know why it should be confined to those cases in which the rent was fixed at the minimum alone. The most serious of the pastoralists' complaints was that if they desired to make any lase-oi this land they must improve it, and in the greater part of this country it was utterly impossible to maintain stock without having artificial means of preserving the rainfall. 1 These works were expensive one«, as to make them eflective they bad to me, comparatively speaking, permanent ; yet still day by day, «a the leases approached completion, the value of toeae works to the man who had created them decreased, and on tbe termination of the lease be was asked to walk out of possession and surrender the improvements to the Crown, or to the succeeding Ubsm without compensation. This was a griev- ous wrong wB oh Parliament was called upon to redressUnd ' one which jusUfled the Crown tenants in being dissauifled to I î£* 8rTTTh^ent.p?e,?;e wim »hfirpreBent condition Then ÎSfe*M "V .^w adJe88CCS'B 0,a.Ba of settlers created under the Act of 1884. but who were only created to be orushed. These lessees were allowed to take up 10,000 acres, and had to fence this land >n within two years, yet thev onlv had a IS years' lease, and were bouncl to reside for the fialf of each year on the property, which necessitated the erection of a private résidence. TÍiese lessees could not get a penny from the land until they effected improvements? but stinthev onh) had a short lease, and had to walk out at the Uo ration of It Only about 260 leases ot this character hadteen ffim?niora the bank» of the rivers running through the eastern edae of the Western Division, and not one of the lessee! were satisfied with the tenure which they had lot He need eearoely sar that when all theseTela?»,* w7¿ diBsatifled with the present law, and suSf ,,n£r it, the publio suffered also in sympathy and demTfl?r? «£ immediate and radical change. (Hear La?.? FoTÄg on" this, we had had almost simultaneously with the enactmeSr o^ the bill the drought and the rabbit plague, and now Sfifthf of the area ol this colony was more in the poMeselorTof these vermin than of the human race. The scrabYadals? rone on increasing, and millions of acres which a few yearang»were rich pastoral lands were now so overgrown with scrub as to render them utterly valueless as pastoral lands. Thi/was ,She state of aflairs with whioh the Government had to deal and »t would be bia duty to show the House, briefly and clearly,'how it waa proposed to deal with it. Before, however. BrooeèdiT with the proposalsin the bill for the amendment of tte law a! regarded theae diierent classes of tenants, be wished to dlrsnt attention to the alteration in the machinery for working the Act. It was proposed in this bill to leave the constitutioni of the land boards, as they were at present He was free to admit that It was jot with a great deal of confidence in its success that he made this proposal. It was quite true that In .contentious oases the parties would feel more satisfied with the decision of tbreementhanwttbthatotone. (Hear, hear) How- ever, the bulk of the business whioh oame before these boards was not contentious bustae«*, and mast of the cases were such as one maa could decide as well, and indeed better than ., three. He was, however, aware that it would be only intrc 1 «uc ne an element of discord into the debates if he proposed to abolish these boards which might impede the progress or the measure, which contained much more important provisions . ? rid therefore let them remain, although in his own opinion tbe expenditure on the boards was.to a great extent useless, in deference to the wishes of what be conceived to be the majority of the House. He had in no way, however lessened the power of the boards. He had provided in the bill forthc establishment of a land court, to hear all appeals from the I1*" ?f 'he land boards, instead of these being heard by the Minuter. (Hear, hear.) He believed that this waï an im- portant matter, lor twee he had be.w in office he had had to tit , in several appeal oonrU and deoide casea, and he wa» quite awïre of his own Inefficiency and inability to «rasp them in a war^UrfMtoiy to himself. .'Therefore, he was not surprised Sat ibeparties concerned were not ptlifled. .Any.^'ilT°?J the land boards with whlob the MlnlBter felt dissatisfied would also be referred to this appeal oourt. He .proposed that the land wurt should consist of Ovo members,io order that there in «lit béa fair chanoa of each class of settlers under the Act Ä fairly and properly represented by capable persons In the couru If the cou« was properly constituted. It should Imveou it a man who had creal and practlcalknowledgeof the pastojul ndu?try,an.an »ho had a similar knowledge of the smaller class ofVeltlers, and a capable oflioial who would keep the ad- ministration in constant touch, from one *'»»*'» tSf.Ä' It should albO have an able lawyer to assist the court in its de liberations, and it should have a man of general all-raund capacity to represent the general publio Ínt.e"»t^r'?níU.íta1<}: ministration ol theland A court composed of flvepereonsofthl« character, conducting its proceeding» in P^lio as au ordinary court oflaw, would be more effeotlve probably than a Minister could be, and would give more satisfaction and ounfidence tothe publio ooncerned. Whilst speakiug ot this matter he ra ght refer to another matter of a legal character. Ile proposed that it should devolve on the Crown to delend all actions against the tenure of those who purchase land Iron» the Crown. Here toiore the Crown had put persons in possession of Und under certificates, and directly a person was lu possession any'certifi- cate or title he bad might be attaoked by some one calliug his title in question. Other oases had occurred in which men had even won their titles, but had come out oí toe contest ruined men, and had to mortgage their land, ile alBo proposed to throw upon the Crown the duty and responsibility of deiending its own title againBt all comerá except ihe applicants them- selves, and likewise took the power from the Uown to appear and interplead in every case concerning the publio lands brought before the Court of this country by private Individuals. There had been bogus actions, and there would be; but in the actions in which the publio interest was larger than the in- dividual interest concerned, the publio Ima never been able to get a footiog. He had n provision to prevent these bogus actions being brought. He proposed to remedy the long delay which was now often experienced by couuitional purchasers ia getting possession of the fand when they applied tor it by giving them the right to enter oa It immediately aRer survey at their own risk (dear, hear.) And he further proposed that if at the end of six months after the application had been made the certificate was not issued, that the applicant might abandon his application and demand his money back, so that he might Dave a chance of investing it in tome more ready way it he chose, and thus prevent the man being reduced to starvation und ruin, asilad been the case very often under the present Act. lie proposed also to remove the technical objections which were raised to application« if the trenches or tree-marking were not oi the exact measurement prescribed by the law. (Hoar, hear.) Ile would give the district surveyor power to deal wlthsuob technical errors, so that the application would not be invalidated by them. These were but small matters, but he thought it desirable to call attention to them becaus« they had been file cause of much dissatisfaction. With regard te cono illunal puroliases he proposed to allow the pur- chaser to take up his lull quantity light away in the Eastern division if he wished. According to the present law the condi- tional purobaser could not take up more than Cío acres, with an additional MO acres on conditional lease, wbloh he must convert during the «urrency of live years to a condi- tional purchase. 2568 acres might be taken up in the Central division, and he could see no reason why too same amount should not be allowed to be taken up in the Eastern division. Furthermore, aman, instead of being jammed into a period of five years for purobase, and ten years altogether, would be able under the new law to hold if he liked the whole or lils land for a period of twenty years, and at any time he could purchase any portion of it or the whole of the lease if he wished to do so. ile proposed to put the conditional leaseholder on the same footing as holders under the 48th and Sith sectious of the Act -that was, they would have the right of purchase con- ferred ou them. (Hear, uear.> ile intended to drop the condition of fencing, for while he believed it to be a very useful condition, still it was not so palpably useful that every man who wished to make use of the land would comply with it without oompulslon. It was very absurd that fenolug was the only condition under the prêtent law, and he proposed to give the holders credit for every necessary improve- ment It was quite absurd to insist upon fencing as the only improvement necessary for the occupation of lana upon whioh people were expected to live Surely, it a man put up a house und cleared the land and made other Improvements, they should count as well as fencing. (Hear, hear.) They were indeed of more value to the ouutry. There were other ohougea made with regard to conditional purchases affecting very largely the publio interest. As i tie law stood at present if there were two, or 20, or 40 applicant« lor one piece ot land, it sanctioned a most unbuslness like and improper mode of disposal of it in the shape of scrambling or gambling. He proposed ia this bill to abolish that system, and to resort to the more busiuess-like mode of open competition amongst the applicants. (Hear, hear.) Cases had been known where out ol'40 applicants, perhaps only five bad been bons fide, while the other 35 had been the representatives of a Bingle Individual, five men were here running in their own interest with 35 ohances against them of getting the land. In a case to whioh be might speoially refer. It so happened that one of the bona tlde applicants had got the land, but in the great majority of cases the land had gone into the hands of the Individual wu0 was represented by the thirty-live ; but in the oase to which he had referred it so hoppcued that the successful applicant liad been disqualified. What the bill proposed was this : that where there were two or more applicants, their applications having been lodged, they should tie called upon by a given date to tender a prloe for the land. (Hear, hear ) In some eases auction sales might be better, but as a rule unless special E revision were made she outsider would be simply bamboozled to is lace, and would hare little chance of gettfug the land ; but that could not be done in the case of open auction sales. With regard to Undi of exceptional va.ue, they could be put up to competition with the condition of residence and improvements -put up in the first instance-and this would be a very proper way of dealing with special areas of land, i Hear, hear.) Tiley knew these lands were of exceptional value, and therefore they should be put up to open competition. By this means fraud and chicanery would be avoided, and the publio chest get a lair price for Its lands, which was an element that they had very much to consider (Applause.) They knew now that every inch of land whlob had been alienated under conditional pur- chase had been so alienated fit a loss to thepublio. Thedenoslt did not oover the bare expenses of survey and administration which came to 2s 6d tor the first three years. Ile believed á E reposai to raise the deposit to four or five shillings would not e an equitable one-(hear, hear)-but it was only fair that the applicant should lodge sumethiug towards the expenses of sur- vey. [An Hon. Member: It means the esme thing.] He denied that it meant the same thing ; but it ensured something like justice lo the public, and wpuld at least be somcthlne towards preventing the land from being parted with at un abkoluteloss. (Hear, hear.) It was a feature ol this bill to re- quire the Burvey fees to be paid whenever the application was made. It a miner wanted to take up a five-acre block he had to pay survey íees¡ if 20 aorea were applied for, survey fees had to be paid ; if application was made i o purobase a reclamation the applicant had to pay these lees; and be (Mr. Garrett) pro- posed to extend the principle all round. (Hear, hear ) That would prevent the publio being the sufferers by the alienation ol' their publio lands. There were many other provision» in connection with this matter, but none ot very great Importance as affecting the conditional leaseholders; but these need not be referred to at the present time, and he would, therefore proceed to deal with other and more Important questions' With regard to auction eales, it was practically proposed to drop the sale of country louds by auction. (Applause.) He had withdrawn from offer some thousands of acres which had never been touched by any application since be had been in office, and it was proposed to limit the amount of such Bales to 200,000 acres la the year. That amount had been fixed upon because it Beemed to meet all opinions For bis own part, ho was perfeotly willing toacoede to the proposal to drop the auction sales of country land altogether, except.in cases where there had been improvements, which improvements were the property ot the Crown. It would be wilful waste to allow these lands to be used without fee or reward, or to allow the improvements to be removed or neglected; and that waB why it was politio to sell them, for unless they were sold, the revenue lost the value ol the improvements, and the publio would be the sufferers. There was one other point to which he might refer. Under the present law the conditional purchasers were required under three years to make declarations that they had made all their improvements. Well, he bad dropped that The only declaration required wob one at the end of five years, in regard to rceldeuoe and improvements. At present the con- ditional purchaser could be called upon to answer for his resi- dence upon the land whenever it was reported that he was not so residing upon it ; but be thought this was an unnecessary trouble and an irritant for a man to bave to make sucha declaration that the necessary improvements had been carried out It was proposed to change the three years to five. With regard to conditional leases, han. members would sec that pro- vision had been made for a reappraisement of rent at the end often years-that the rent oould then be raised to 6d an acre He was quite aware that the rise from the preBent minimum of 2d on acre to Gd an acre maximum waa a large increase ; but under all the circumstances the Government thought it was' not too rauch. At the present time, if a man did not purchase the land at the end of the ten years, he had to give it up, with 1'simprovement«. Now, he (Mr Garrett) proposed to increase the period of the lease to 20 years ; and as at the end of the first ten years the land ought to be able to pay so much more than at the present time, the sum of ed an acre for the second ten years would not be exceteive. It would only be 2J per cent, on the money whioh the law would compel the lease- holder now to spend on the land in order to retain it If he wanted to retain it he would baye to pay for it In cash or on credit, or abandon it altogether. Well, the present bill would «How him to retain the land tor a further period of ten years and the Government would only charge him 2} per cent, où the capital value, Air. thompson : The Cd may be Sd more than it Is worth. Mr. Garrett: It was all nonsense to talk like that- the sixpenoe an acre for the last ten years wa», in his opinion, not excessive, was quite justifiable, and was a very fair amount of charge. Hut, of course, upon this, as upon many other features, where no great principle waa involved, the bill was open to alterations of a reasonable character, combining the wisdom and experience of bon. members upon this and other points. (Hear, hear.) There was another matter about con- ditional purchase and conditional leases in which alteration was made to meet an existing want. A man having a conditional lease might have resided three out of the five years on his holding, and then want to raise money upon it. To do that he would have to mortgage his conditional lease, and to transfer it to Beoure the mortgagee, but he could not transfer ft because it carried with It an obligation of residence, and he had, therefore, to give up the lease. There had been several very hard oases indeed of this kind lu which he would not forfeit. (Hear hear.) A conditional hase could not be transferred as might be a con nltlonal purchase to secure an advanoe, for the reason he had stated, and. therefore, he proposed to give the mortgagor a right to retain his conditional lease so long as he fulfilled the condition of personal residence upon it. (Hear, hear.) There was anotber provision with regurd to conditional purchases whioh he considered one of the most Important in the bill At the present time u man who wanted to get 40 acree or upwards had the whole of the country to roam over . but if lie was satisfied with a smaller area he could not obtain it except he purchased it from the Crown at auction or from some private person. In the bill would be found a provision for conditional purchases of areas from one acre up to 40 within areas set apart for the purpose which would be previously sub- divided. These areas would be chosen within the population areas of all large towns in th e colony. At present there was no means of a person obtaining land for himself in the neighbour- hood of Newcastle within five milts. Maitland five miles Armidale, Goulburn, and Bathurst the same, and in no case within two miles, and then he must take 40 acres. Now be would be able to take from one acre up to 40, and he believed this provision would be availed of by a greater number of per- sons than any other provision in the bill, and it would be a legitimóte mode of «ettliugthe people oftbi« country on the land. It would afford an opportunity for the mechanic, the labourer, the clerk, and the business man to form comfortable suburban homes for themselves, whioh was now entirely want- ing. (Hear, hear.) Bnd it would not lead to the abuse which, under the present law, attended the purobase otsuburban lands at auction. They were put up very rarely In response toa legitimate demand, but at the instance of capitalists who de- sired to obtain possession of theland, and to dole ltouta.tab.ieh price to those who require it for their private use. He would now endeavour to draw attention to some of the provisions of ,}l f ffeo¿m8 the larger holdings of the country, and he would bring before bon. members a few statements showing the great evil and donger of the extension of scrub and the rabbit pest The oauso of the extension ot the scrub ha i been, there could be no doubt, due to some extent to the Improvement of the country. The fencing-in of the beBt i paBtoraUands had rendered It absolutely necessary, In order to | preserve the fenoes and the «took, to take means to prevent I bush fires. The bush fires were formerly the real scaveng.ere of the country. They cleared It of vermin a»d"fl«uÄL°nd'Ä but since the nina had been fenced In. raeaoa had "eo" *~"i to prevent bushfires, and these had given the scrub »chance c1 growing which it never had betöre. T-ere was no doubt that million? of acres were now onvercd with scrub which a few years ago were the very best pastoral and, and tilla wa an evil only less In extent than the greater evil o "'e rabbit peet. The lion, gentleman then read extracts from the JeP°rt °f¿i"":'?.: epectSr Laugtou, In which It was stated that runs whichi were originally cleared were now covered by'dense pine scrub tue pinesin some instances growing as thickly as «heat stalks na cultivated paddock, and these were the resort of rabbiU.wmcii preferred them to all other vegetation in which to nricethrtr warrens. He also quoted from a report by *,°Tst-rna"^r^'*: sion, whioh raid that country to the extent of ».O00.OI» »ore«i hod been reduced lu ita carrying oopoclty from 50 to 75 per cent In consequence of the spread of scrub. The extension of that scrub wot a great auxiliary to the extension 0 the rabbit pest The scrub w»s the favourite haunt, as it was a protection to the rabbit. There was no more practical way 01 learning what the rabbits were doing with the country than by lookiog into the expenses they had caused. He had obtained from the Mines Department a return of expenditure wita re- spect to the rabbits ior the year 188G, and he had obtained lrom his own department figures relating to the rentals of 88 rnnB most of whioh were in the Western division. He would quote the rents and subsidy oí some of these runa. The rent received for the Paika run waa £1231. and the subsidy paid from the revenue for the destruction of rabbit» £1228. The ligures relating to the other runs were as lollow :- Outer Netalie run, subsidy £804, rent £403; Moorara, rent £8728, subsidy £4080; Mllklngay, subsidy £495, rent £100: Manfred, rent £2082, subsidy £1803 ; Mertee, rent £1493, subsidy £1198; Corrong, rent£3342, subsidy £3553-, TUTU, rent£1958, sub- sidy £1711; Albemarle, rent £2800, subsidy £3780; Tolarno W, rent £i621, subsidy £4578, Baden Park, rent £403, subsidy £1349; Cowl Cowl, rent £1511, subsidy £839; Boolegal rent £315, BUDBldy £077; Billilla, rent £1719, subsidy £2215; Garn grlny, rent £731. subsidy £950 ; Teryawynia, rent £3475, eub Bldy £8596; Marfield, rent £1735, subsidy £3280: Kew, rent £269, subsidy £372 ; Cuthow«rra, rent £403. subsidy £453 ; Weinteriga, rent £2005, subsidy £3407, Glenlyon, rent £830, subsidy £1117. The total rent of 88 runB was £148,779, and the subsidy amounted to £90,901. Now, he could go on and pile up the onony about this rabbit business to almost any extent, but he did not think It was necessary to do so, as most hon. members had aome knowledge of the rap'd strides that danger- ous pest waa making in tills country. They knew that the evil was there, and that all the means they had heretofore taken to stop its inorease had failed. He quoted from an artlole relative to rabbits in the mallee country published in the Melbourne Argus, in whioh it waa pointed out that in oonsequenoe of the Government of Viotoria not reduolng the rents and Increasing the tenure under whioh Crown lands were held by pastoralists, run after run was surrendered to the rabbits. The article he had read graphically described the spread of rabbits in the maille oountry in Victoria, and if it were not arrested here the rabbits would spread at a much greater rate than In the neigh- bouring colony, as the country here was more open and more valuable. If we neglected any and every means in our power to arrest this plague, then the oountry would be wreBtled from ua, and the rental that we now derived would oease to exist, and all the expense we had gone to, both publio and private, would have been thrown away. , Hear, hear.) Theresultof all the practical experience that lessees, Government Inspectors, and others had, ¿had shown that the most effective mode of putting the rabbits in such a position that they oould be des- troyed, and of leading to their destruction and extermination, was by fencing with rabbit- proof fencing. (Hear, hear.) Now, they knew the evil, and they knew the remedy ; and in drawing up that bill he had in view two objeots-how to encourage the I removal of the scrub, and the extermination of the rabbits. Hon. members would seo the means whioh he had taken to I ward meeting these evils in the provisions of the bill. One of the greatest evils under which the pastoral tenants were suffer- ing at present waa the want of security of tenure for half of their holdinas lu the extreme Western division. The law ol 1881 had now been in operation for three years, and under this law only one class of persona had the legal right to enter on the resumed areaa of the rons, the homestead leaseholders. If hon. members would reler to the maps, they would see that the bulk of these leaseholders had settled on or near the Lachlan River and the Darling Kiver and ita tributaries, there being altogether about 200 of these settlers. This was a very small proportion Indeed, and it waa utterly unnecessary and useless to Insist on the division of runs over the whole of the Western division. He, therefore, proposed to give the present lessees flower to opply to have the whole of their holdings converted nto leasehold holdings. This power of application would not operate if there were any circumstances connected wl'h the run which should make it inadvisable to sanction the absorption of the resumed areas, and it would be for the Minister, after taking the advice of the land board, to deolde. In the large majority of caws, be maintained that the Minister would be fierfectly justified in the publio interest in sanctioning tills, and t would not interfere with settlement The effect would be to give the leaseholder something for whioh be should give a tan Êlble seourlty to the capitalist for money to improve is run and to get rid of the rabbits and scrub. In order not to put any barrier in the way of settlement by homestead lessees In the most favourable localities, he proposed to take from the Western division a strip of country comprising the land occupied by the whole of the § resent homestead lessees, and within the bounds of that eub irision the leaseholders would have the right to opply to have their resumed areas absorbed in the leasehold areas, as in the other divisions, but of course having regard to the existing homestead lessees. This subdivision would cover an area of about tliree-flllhs of the wholo Western division, and in this area the homestead lessees would be allowed on such runa as were not absorbed by being made leasehold areas altogether. It was useless to exnect the present leaseholders to ga on im- proving the resamed areas with the present insecurity of tenure, because directly the land was Improved it would be open to be invaded by homestead leaseholders, and the improvements token up. The resumed arcas ¿feould be thrown into leasehold areas on the condition that tbroame rent was paid for the re- sumed area as for the leasehold area The immediate effect of this would be to raise the total rental of the Western division, supposing all the runs were converted, by some £80,000. He did not mention this with a view to encourage bon. members by way of increasing the revenue to consent to the proposal, but because it was absolutely necessary that this should be done to save the couutry for settlement. If we did not take this or some other means to prevent the oountry being taken possession of by the rabbits, we would lose the country altogether, and Bottlement wouldhavc to be abandoned. As s matter of income, we might almost as well be without the whole Western division altogether. The Bubsldy and the attendant expenses being put on one side, and the income on the other, they would find that the business was a losing one. He had made provisiou also for leaseholders in the Central division to make like applioeV tione, and these applioations would be thoroughly ex- amined into before being provisionally approved of by the Minister, and whenever the Minister deter- mined to throw the resumed areas into leasehold areas in the Central Division, a schedule of such proposed trans- actions would be submitted to Parliament, and would not be flually acted ou if objected to within one month alter being laid on the table of the House. In this way the House would always be able to maintain a thorough control over the administration in this respect, in this locality. There was a provision of a similar kind applying to the Eastern Division, but practically it would not be brought into effect. There were runs, he was told, in the Eastern Division where it was a fullaoy to maintain the principle of division, as the runs had I never been touched by settlement, and never would be until the need for country for this purpose was much stronger than it waa now, or was likely to be witbiu the lifetime of the present generation. The bill also gave the Minister power to resume the leasehold areas of any rons which might be wanted tor aettlement, with proper provision for compensation for loss of tenure and for any improvements which might be absorbed by aettlement There waa no power in the present law to abolish or resume leasehold areas. Be proposed to take the power to throw the whole c1 the leasehold area, or part of it, into the resumed area, and to bring it under occupation leases, instead of under long-tenure leases. The effect of this would begin many caacB to allow of the expansion of settlement in llie neighbourhood of towna In aeveral cases the leasehold areas of runs oame up to township borders, and they must, under the present law. remain in that position until the leasea ter- minated. In euch oases, or in any other cases, where the pro- gress of aettlement demanded It, the Government took power under equitable conditions to resume the leasehold areas in the same way as they took power to throw the resumed areas Into tho leasehold areas. Theee leaseholders name In voluntarily under the bill, and they §ot a lease in the Western division for 20 yearB, in the Central (vision for 15 years, and in the Eastern division in the two cases applicable for 10 years. 'In all three divisions the Crown had a right to grant further extension of five years at the eud ol that time, l'he new oondition whioh will accompany all the leasea under the bill, all converted leases, and all conditional purchases, would be for the extermination of rabbits, and the destruction of sorub of a noxious character. It was by thto meanBthat he proposed to make an effort to remove these two great evlla. (Hear, bear.) He proposed to give to all owncrB and leaseholders compensation for Improvements, to be paid to them by the incoming tenant at the endot the current leaseB created under the Act. If the leaseholders under the Aot did not choose to come in under the new law, they would remain with all conditions they had under the present law. He, pro- posed then to give compensation for improvements, and to pro- vide for reappruisement at the instance of the lessee or the Crown, either party could demand or cauBe a »appraisement of rental to take place. The rental might be reduced or in- creased, but the Increase was not to exceed 25 per cent, of the rent for the current period. As he poinied out before, where the rent had been determined by the boards he provided for appeal in all cases. But, belore going any further with that question, he wished to state that the determination of rents waa now all but completed. There were about 150 runs yet to be gazetted; but that was all. The average rental for the pastoral tenants In each division would be: In the Eastern, about 1 8-lld per acre per annum- in the Central Division, 134-35d ; and in the Western Division 37-38d per aore. That waa the result In regard to the pastoral holdings, and to his mind It was not satisfactory It was not the minimum rental in the Western Division, it was only id over the minimum in the Central, and about id over the minimum In the Eastern Division. The total amount would only be about £7«o,ooo for the whole of the pastoral runs of tbe . colony. Though they were told it would be about £2,000,000, and the lowest estimate waa £780,000. H e undertook to say that when the appeals were dealt with the amount would bt only £050,000, including the resumed areaa as well. There were'4,061,301 aoreB held under conditional leases of different sorts, and they gave a total rental of £47,039. The average rate per acre was 2Jd. Now though these holders had the rieht to purchase, thty had to reside tor five years on their holdings, had to lence, and to pay double the amount of any other leaseholders. (Hear, hear.) Then there were those who held annual leases, which could be in vnded by oondll tonal purchasers at any time. The rate they paid was 2 l-18d per acre per annum-they paid id more than the minimum of the resumed areas. Take what course they would tbey found that the leaseholders who had long tenures on comparatively easy terms, paid the lowest rent. He thought tilla was the proper time to show the rent paid by the different classes oi leaseholders. He would now moke a lew remarks with regard to the way the rent waa to be defined hereafter The rnnB would be inspected of course before any reappralse ment was made. The board would then deal with the matter. They would come at the instance of the lessee or the Minister belore the Land Court, and the Minister would then formally determine the rental He would not relinquish that power to any board. The matter would be tested twice over by the board and by the oourt, and then with this twice-sifted evidence before him It would be the duty of the .Minister to determine the rent. No Minister would be faithful to the people It he parted with that power. (Hear, hear) He could easily understand this power being clamoured for by those who wanted to get the lands at a lower rate than the almost insignificant rate they paid now, but he could not understand men who were supposed te represent the people who owned the lands of the country wish- ing to bave this power given to the boarda. ir the boarda were to be tflecllve they must be under control. He hoped for the eake of the sense, decency, and trustworthiness of those who were aupposed to represent the people that this power would not be allowed to pass from the Minister to the boardB. [An hon. member: Who determines under the new bill?! The Minister. There waa no appeal from the Minister, and it woe right there should not be That was previously, and was now the case, and waa manileatly right, and to depart lrom it would be manifestly and wickedly wrong. The lessee could appeal lrom the boord to the oourt and Minister could refer a question of rent to the court, but In no case "ii.. lie JP°wer °f determining the rent pass eut oftpe tunda of the Minister. It waa a vital part or the bill thot that provision should be maintained. (Hear, hear.) On the question of compensation for Improvements he had had some returns made out, and he thought they gave a very fair f and accurate estimate ol the value of improvements now on I Crewn lands. The returns were made up on an average of a certain number ofrunslnthe various divisions The total value of Improvements in the Eastern division was £000,000 ; in the Central, £2.000.000 ; in the Western division. £3,000,000. making a total of £0,200,000. Tnst was the value of the improvements on leasehold land belonging to the Crown He would not answer for the perfect correctness of the figures, but he had no doubt that they were a very good, approximate The public would not lose over these improvements, for when tenants went out the incoming tenants would have to pay compensation for them, and u the Government resumed the land they would have the value oí the improvements, which would not be lost to the public. Of course if Government resumed land that was manifestly re- quired for publlo purposes, then they would have to pay for it with its improvements, but in that case the improvements would be the property oi the public, as in the case oi water resumptions, &o.; With regard to future Improvements, none would be made upon the leasehold land or resumed areas with- out the application being first sent to the board for examination and consldi ration, and report to the Ministe , by whom it roust bo approved. That wne the best check he could devise in refer- ence to improvements, bo that they should not beof an improper oharaotcr. By taking the value of all tbe improvements, and by subsequently checking them, they would be able to tell within a very small amount at any time when a lease waa for- feited or cancelled, the value and nature of every improvement upon the lands It was proposed to secure to the outgoing tenant compensation lor the valus oi his Improvements by the Incoming tenant, and this, he considered, contained the very cssonoeofthe wisdom and honeBty of the bill. (Hear, bear.) They must encourage improvement«, and these could not be better encouraged than by offering compensation for them. It bad been stated that there were thirty millions' worth ot im- provements on the public lands There had not been thirty millions, or anything like it, sold by virtue oi improvements, and there were not improvements of anything like ten millions ; and therefore the House need not bef rlghtened by this bugbear of tremendous compensation which the country would be liable for. Mr. Abbott - The country is not liable for a shilling. Mr. Garrett. No, not for a shilling, except in the case of special resumptions to which he had referred, and they would, of oourse, be assets, and belong to the public as be had ex- plained. He had made provision in the bill that resumption of certain lands for the purposes of water should be very largely oarried out, and any Minister wisely administering the bill would exercise this power pretty liberally, because tbe posses- sion of water meant the possession of the country. (Hear, hear.) He would not detain the House rauah longer in reference to the provisions of the bill. He had done the best he could In explaining them ; but be admitted tbat he might have imper- fectly described tbem. He commended the bill altogether to the very careful consideration of bon gentlemen. He proposed that the resumption of the debate should tako place next Wed- nesday night-that would not Involve oomlng to any hurried decision. Mr. Dibbs urged that the debate should be adjourned for a fortnight. He quite agreed that the discussion should not be carried on on party lines. There wera in the bill some radical proposals, whioh for the first time were submitted to the House. Sir Henry Parkes thought the proposal made by the gentle- man in oharge of the bill a very reasonable one. The bill had been before the country now for a fortnight. The presumption was that the debate would not end in one or two nights, end It would be better for the debate to go on with something like continuity, if the country was to be made acquainted with its provisions. The sensible and Parliamentary way would be to do this. In view of the character of the bill, and in view of the other business tocóme before the House, the Government could not consent to on adjournment of the debate beyond this day week, and he did not think that they ought to be asked to do this. Mr. Garrett stated that the nangara report of his speech would be in the bands of bon. members early on Friday morning. Mr Melville moved that the debate be now adjourned. The motion was agreed to. Vr. Garrett moved that the resumption of the debate stand an order of the day for Wednesday next. Mr. Melville moved, as an amendment, that the resumption of the debate stand as an order of the day for Wednesday week. Alter some diBCUBslon Mr. Melville withdrew lils amendment, and the motion tor the resumption of the date on Wednesday next was agreed to. 