NOTES FROM BUSSELTON. From our own Correspondent. We are at present having some very rough weather. While I write the wind is blowing very strong, accompanied by showers of hailstones and heavy rain. In my last letter I stated that the frost had been very severe at the Blackwood — in fact the heaviest that the settlers could recol lect. As a further proof of the severity of the frost in some parts of the Lower Black wood it could he seen on the grass until midday, and that it killed mulberry and various other trees, while the leaves of the gum trees about the rivers and brooks have in places turned quite yellow, and have the appearance of a bush-fire having been amongst them. Master Frank Allnut met with a rather nasty accident the other week. -It appears he was breaking in a young horse, and while in the act of mounting the horse suddenly turned round and reared, striking him with his hoof upon the nose, severely injuring that organ, so that it had to be sewed up by the doctor. I also hear that Mr. James Muir, of Fern Hill, near Balbarrup, met with an awkward accident, in fact it is a miracle he did not lose his life- It appears, that he and a little boy, a son of his, about 8 or 9 years old, were returning home with a team of horses from where they had been plough ing. Some distance from the homestead by some means the cart capsized, the railing of the cart falling across his chest, securely holding him down to the ground. The poor boy was completely powerless, and had to go some four or five miles, to the home stead of Mr. W. Blechyenden, to get as sistance. I am glad to hear that Mr. Muir is not likely to suffer any very serious consequences from the accident. A cowardly ruffian, named Tom Riley, made a vicious attack the other week upon the landlord of the Commercial Hotel. Fortunately the assailed proved more than a match tor the assailant, who received such a severe castigatlon that the doctor had to be called in. .A short time since I gave an account of some amusements that took place at Mr. M.C. Davies stations. Recentiy I paid a brief visit to one of those localities, and I was pleased to find that amongst other amusements they have dances nearly every week in a large room that was originally intended for a store, with an occasional hop for the youngsters. I was rather surprised to find that at this time ot year fresh vegetables, such as cabbage, carrots, etc, could be purchased at the garden at Karridale, that property of Mr. M, C. Davies. Of these gardens— for it appears there are two, one for summer and one for winter — I hope to be able to give some further particulars at a future date. The fruit trees planted there are doing remarkably well. A huge number of piles are ready to be removed to the beach, some being fully 60 feet long. I hear that small orders have been received by Mr. Davies. which will keep the mills going for a few months to come. They are also building two miles of a branch tramway, to bring piles and thus save a good deal of carting. I very much regret to hear that there is but a poor chance of our securing the permanent services of the Rev. Mr. Wilkins, owing to there not being any place except Roebourne vacant for the clergyman who was previously nominated for Busselton. This is much to be regrett ed, for he is deservedly respected here. Of this no further proof is required than the readv manner in which one and all came forward to assist in increasing his stipend. It is not known for certain what Mr. Wilkins' intentions are, but it is be lieved he will go to Bunbury for a while. I hear that Mr. Hassell's Horse 'Metal' goes to Bunbury shortly to prepare for the forthcoming match with Mr. Turnbull's horse. ' Metal' is in charge of Mr. F. B. Guerin, who has been staying for some time at Lockeville in charge of Mr. Hassell's string. ' Michael,' I hear, has been sold to Mr. C. J. Hughes, of Fremantle, so it is possible he may contest the much-talked of hurdle race to take place in Perth at the next meeting of the W A.T.C. August 31. 