COUNTRY NEWS. BUSH FIRES. BROADFORD, Wednesday. A disastrous bash are broke out on Christmas Day on the west side oi> Mount Fipn (the Sugar Loaf), about three miles-west of the township. It was first noticed about 10 a.m. A strong south-west wind was blow ing and the fire spread with astonishing rapidity. The townspeople, assisted by some cricketers from Melbourne, who were playing a match, tnrned out in force to assist in putting oat the fire. By the united efforts of some SO men and women the buildings were saved. -At one time the dwellinghonse 'of! Mr. Forse was nearly reached by the flames, Messrs. Lloyd's Bros.' tannery had a narrow escape, the fire reaching within a few chains of the large stack of wooden buildings. Some! thousands of acres of grass have teen con sumed, together with several miles of fencing. Mr. Forse haBlost ali the grass off of 600 acres, as well as a large quantity of fencing. Miss Groan, of Toatook, has also lost several hnpdred acres of grass, &<v Mr. Lloyd's 300 eefe paddock is laid waste., Mr. John Smith is also a sufferer, as well as' several other persona Unless a change in the weather takes glace, the township wul he in danger, as the fire ia still smonldering within a mile of the railway station. The fire is supposed to have originated through some sportsmen carlessly using paper wads whilst rabbit shooting. "* CAMPEEDOWN, )Vedkksdat. Yesterday a'large bush; fire broke'out' in the plains, 16 miles north of Camperdown, on MeBBrs. Manifold's Struan Estate. Five thousand acres of grass and 600 sheep were:burnt. Mrs. M'Dowall's farm was burnt oat except the house. On Carrie's Lara ntation the firs was two miles in . length, M'Conachie's Weatbank homer stead, , was only sayed ...by the presence ofrnind of , a ^errant girl, who, sgeipg the Are approaching, burnt round the house. Being Christmas Day alt the bands were away; Mwwoilles of country were burnt, bat the Are wins subdued to-aay. ^ ' K1LMORE, WedskisdaY. I! Tjtu/ttjSrep .h'Ave he'^'lip^g^ the neighbourhood< since ounday, and.the atmospherehss been oppressively hot,: Ex tensive -firea'have been Reported at Mount William; thePlehtr Battgea, 'and m*ar fyjtibrig,' koihrMiohfeahfls of victes fit gtauand mueaof feaaogbafre been totally destroyed. The most destructive fire, bow ever, has been the one on the properties fronting the Sydney-road, four miles north of "Kilmore, eince Monday, and the progress of which has not yet been stayed. The fire- originated near Mrs. Moodie|« Mich field estate, on Monday, and is supposed to have been caused through the carelessness of some sportsmen. The fire spread with tearful rapidity through llighfield, destroying every acre of grass, and it was only with the utmost exertions that the homestead was saved. It then devast ated the properties of Messrs. Tayler Bros., West-field, Mrs. Connell, and the Messrs. Jiffrey, the honses and stacks fortunately being saved. On Tuesday, a strong north wind was blowing, and the flames leaped across the Sydney-road, where the grass in the paddocks was long and dry, and, not withstanding the efforts of some hundreds of willing assistants, nothing could be done tastop the progress of the devouring element The sun rose this morning like a ball of fire, and a fierce hot wind fanned the fiauies further onward, both sides of the Sydney road being one mass of flame and smoke, rendering traffic oil the road almost a matter of impossibility. A large portion of Strath more Estate, which was the scene of the disas trous bush-fires last Easter, was again burnt, and the grass lands of Mrs. M'Dongall, J. M'Ke: zie, and others were completely des troyed. Fortunately a change in the wind occurred this afternoon, accompanied by a slight thunderstorm, but not sufficient to stop the fires. A strong south wind is now blowing, which is driving the fire into new ground. Hundreds of people visited the scene to-day, which is a deplorable one, the country for miles around pre senting a blackened and charred ap pearance. Several of the farmers, in order to save their stock irotn destruction, drove them into creeks and dams. It ib impossible to form an estimate of the damage caused by the fireB, but it may be reckoned at some thousands of pounds. The town has been filled with smoke from the fires, while the surrounding mountains are bidden from view. The sight of the burning country at night time iB singularly weird. KILMORE, Thursday. It has transpired that the fire origi afpd in Mrs. Moodie's Hi&hfieJd; Estate, on Monday afternoon, through some sportsmen who set lire to a hollow log to burn a rabbit oat. The fire got beyond their control, and being fanned by a strong breeze, j gradually spread over the paddocks, destroy., ing the grass lands and fences of Mrs. Moodie, Mrs. Connell, portion of Strathmere Estate, j and Oak-park. Crossing the Sydney-road, the j tire entered the properties of Mrs. M'Dougall, j Mr. L. Lalle, and Mr. R. Goodman, the two ! former losing all their grass and fences. The fire then swept along the banks of the Dry i Creek, where it raged until this morning,; crossing the creek, and travelling to the North-Eastern railway,which formed abarrier to its further progress eastward, The. change in the wind drove the fire into new ground, : and to-day the properties of Messrs. D. • M'Kay, M'Kenzie, and others were devas tated, Mr. M 'Kay's homestead being saved by dint of great exertion. The lire is still burning for miles around, and is travelling in a north-westerly direction, burning every thing before it j This morning Mounted-constable O'Shan rrnssy, of Broadford, was riding along the Sydney-road, and his attention was directed to a man in a stooping posture in an adjoin ing paddock. Wlieir the constable went over, the man had just set fire to the grass, but before it bad time to spread, O'Shaunussy beat it ont it appears that the man, who is a farmer in the locality, lost all his grass by the fire on Christmas Day, and having no fodder for his cattle, sought assistance from some neighbours, who, however, declined to allow his cattle to be turned into their paddocks. Out of revenge, he must have deliberately set fire to the grass, which, had the tire not been observed at the moment, would have devastated the whole of Tatooke Estate, and caused further considerable damage. He is to be prosecuted lor wilfully causing a fire. At a rough estimate, about 6,000 acres of grass have been destroyed, besides many miles of fencing. There is no hope of the fire being subdued for some days yet, owing to the numerous trees burning. AVOCA, Thursday. ; Very extensive bush fires are raging in! this locality. The town is almost deserted, all the men having gone to assist in ex- ■ tinguishing one that spread with lightning rapidity yesterday from Green-hill Creek to I within a comparatively short distance of Avoca. It is still raging. Believing parties are continually being sentout Three thousand acres of grass has been burnt, also a consider able amount of fencing Messrs. Campbell and Messrs. Howell and Pinch have so far suf fered to the extent of £1,000. Every effort is being made to keep the fire within bounds. Two or three valuable hay stacks have been destroyed. Word has just arrived here that Mr. Robertson, of Mount Mitchell station, hear Lexton, has lost 1,700 acres of grass by a fire which is still, raging... A third fire broke out a few minutes ago between here and Homebusb. BALLARAT, Thursday. A bush fire has been burning for the last j two days in the country near Clarendon, and has destroyed miles ot pasturage and a lot of | fencing and some timber! The Bettlers in' the locality have been kept in a state of] alarm, and several homesteads were threa- J teoed as the fire travelled on a stiff breeze. Yesterday it passed through the Clarendon Cemetery, ana to-day approached so close to Lai Lai and Yendon aa to cause apprehen sion for thoBe townships. Although many homesteads and farmhouses were threatened, only one was destroyed. This belonged to an elderly man named Ryder. He saw the fire approaching, and endeavoured to anticipate it by burning a strip round his dwelling, but the flames were too much for him, and catch ing the building destroyed it* MURCHISON, Thursday. On Monday last a bhsb fire broke outabou two miles from the township in Mr. Tuhan' paddock on the Rushworth road. It is gut posed to have been caused by some lads whi were out .shooting using paper instead o gun-wads. Owing to the drought and grea neat the fire spread rapidly in a north-easter! direction, and despite the untiring exertion of the townspeople and others, who turnei out ennaese, it eonld not be stayed until even ing, when it bad swept through the paddock of Mr. Tuhan, Mr. Silas,. Mrs. Wilson, Mm Patterson, Mr. Wemyss, Mr. O'Neil, and Mi Watt, and entered the late' Jame Winter's Dhurringile Estate; all the fenc ing and grass' in these having been dc strayed. On Christmas day it again btbk ouj;, and WJbe wind. tyapvjtheti Mowing traij the north It made itp grw. towards the town jship.eausing gresfc consternation. About j ' o'clock, Barrat'a Hedge, which was bein watpbed; bSr about 80 people, "canght^flr •ja horning kee, and ths trollable. A rush was made to save the barn' and residence, ami the Wind lullingwhen tbfc fire was within three yards of thebariv, a de-' terminednnd successful effort was mads to' save it Had the barti bebotae ignited. ami' the wind freshened, the town would havt)' probably been ablaze. The fire Was' kept' well in clieek yesterday, and no further danger is likely. " ■ * TATURA, TnonsDAr. * The bush fire at Hurston and Girgarre ifl, now kept within bounds. .The farms o£ Messrs. Donaldson, Fawkner, Minor, Coot,' and Frost suffered most yesterday. Mr. Minor lost over 60 acres of grass and one raila and a half of fencing,, with sheds and Out houses. A fire broke out at Toolamba yes terday,fand considerable damage was done to the tarns of Messrs. A. Crawford and Stewart. Only for the energy displayed by the neighbours many farmers would ha\Q been burnt out 