®runib0. Dull. OvaL Races. Theatre. Football. Lacrosse. Races to-day. Hans at the Port. Viceregal fancy ball. Mr. Charles Warner. Summary on Monday. Population increasing. Indefagitable Way Lee. Football on three Ovals. Hospital baths a disgrace. Retrenching in Tasmania. Inundation of relief funds, Stanley's condition critical. Fourth Snnday after Trinity. Bees to abound at Emu Flat. Port Y. Medindie at Alberts)*. Pastoral Board's repot t ready. ' Norwood v. Gawler at Giwler. A million Exchange Company, No dressing-gowns for patient». Waiting for news of the wrecks Liguria for London on Monday. Barometer at noon to day, 33 30. Ruby " industry" still in trouble. . Coolie labour superior to Chinese^ Swell the fund for the fatherland. Government land sales looking apt Garonne early on Monday morning, Adelaide and Port Adelaide Rinks, Hospital towelling—don't mention it. The sick hear the groans of the dying. Chat with an Indian Pastor on page ft TradeB Union Act of Victoria a failure Mrs. Boucicault has obtained a divoroe. Explorer Stanley wounded by an arrow. ' A fatality about these tabr negotiations. Boiling down the vioeregat invitation list. Stanley relief expedition almost collapeed. All abont the Adelaide Hospital cn page 7. Roby Fletcher's lecture on India on page 8, Pedagogue Salisbury chastising the Tory boy. Seaside excursions on Saturday afternoons only. Adelaide v. South Adelaide at Adelaide Oval. The Port line could stand a red actio nTn fares. Monte Video has now sn Eaglith daily paper. Has the M.P. deadhead zither pupil taken a bint? England v. South Melbourne at Melbourne. A chance of answering English letters on Monday. More trouble for shipmasters cropping op in Sydney. Native Indian pastor at several Churches to-morrow. ; Vote of censure against Salisbury threatened. \ • Gale the auronaut male his first biiloorf ascent, 187L Third-claes to ba abolished on the Semaphore railway. A mistake—Morphetrille weather on as Old Course day. The late German Emperor and Sir M, Mackenzie on page 6. Will the Sydney lumpers get the sack over the bag business ? Willyatna has a lynx-eyed Sergeant according to the Argus. Good-by, Mr. C. E. Stokes; wish you pleasant time in England. That Syndicate man with the £19,500 is now wanted very bad, Better hand that axle business over to the Railway Commissioners. Republican Convention denounced free wool imports to America. The R.C.'s importing common sense into Government departments. The Reformatory Superintendent doss care a good Ing Button just now. Cleveland will help Australian wool trade with America; not so Blaine. Railway Commissioners have a good share of this morning's news columns. A Cat Show for religious purposes at Mount Gambier. Out Heroding Herod. Nearly 22,000 square miles of pastoral country to be offered on Thursday. Is it impossible under the present regim4 to get a satisfactory test of axles ? Pity the Company did not have a mora in fluential representative in JUwdon. Snn rose at 7.10 a.m ; sets at 4.51 p.m. Moon set at 5.57 a.m.; rises at 4 SO p. m, A monthly steam service between Sydney and the New Hebrides to be established. Australian Chinese would be glad to get their passages {aid to the Flowery Land, A Port yarn.—Queenstown is a regular masher, so proud of its "Haw Haw-Ssr." What will the Commissioners do to divert the traffic off the Port-road to the railway ? Young man killed at Kiama while trying to save Ids father's homestead from a bushfire. What an extraordinary discovery to find business capacity substituted for zedtape here. London Ruby Syndicate now want to know all about that "pig in a poke" that was sold to it. The American Mission in South Africa conduots a monthly paper in' the Zulu language. Late railway stationmaster, Penola, arrested, charged with embezzling a handred guineas, If the Garonne is up to time thsre will be time to answer letters by the Liguria in the afternoon. Pumping at the Fitzjames might be nsed as pulling at the galleys elsewhere to absorb prison energy. Imperial Government considering the question of excluding foreign warships from fortified ports. . It is the perseveranoe of Chinese like vVay Lee that makes them so obnoxious to race of less application. A lady has started a sohool of journalism in Washington, and is teaching girls to be editors and reporters. The more important aud interesting park of business of the Chamber of Commerce appears to be unreported. With Commissioner Catt over the Labout Bureau it is not worth while joining the ranks of the unemployed. French education must be sadly neglected (according to Australians) if they think the Chinese worth kidnapping. The Sydney Ruby and Diamond Expedition, whioh will not start till Monday, li exciting considerable Interest. We have had relief funds for distress in Ireland, India, Palestine, and now aid la sought for Germany and China. Terowie Waps threatening another begging deputation. Ho. good now that the C.P.W. isn't boss of the rsfiways. The Chinese have had 'i fnutferanoe and their ideas of humane treatment -differ frqect, the foremost of Australian statesmen. " Soots, wha Brace has often led," dinna ye forget that to-morrow is the anniversary o* the Battle o' Bannockburn, fought1314, The Religious Tract 800101/8 issues last year totalled over 76,000,000, and since the formation of the Society the total was 2,602,390,390, which have been published in. 191 languages and dialeots. Quotation for June 38 :— Every one that flatters thee Is no friond in misery Words are easy, like the wind; Faithful friends are hard to And. „ JPMM. Quotation for June 24—St John Baptist-^ Midsummer Day :— 111 yidd myself to prison wflBnirfy, or unto death. Baay F/., Far* 8. Golden lads and gida pU must, As chimney sweepers, come to dost. CynWins. 