BUSH FIRES. On Tuesday several bush fires of considerable magnitude made unpleasant headway In different parts of this distriot. On tho Bulli Mountain all daj and all night a most terrific fire raged, the smoke from it stretching down to the lowlands and to the Boa like tho tail of a groat comet. All night tho fire could bo seon from Wollongong and other distant parts burning away luridly in quite an enormous body. Bush-fires also raged at tho back of Mount Keir.i and about Mount LCembla and other places In and about the listrict. The most sa-ious and alarming fire, iowo»or, ocv-urrod on tho Lakelands Estate, ying between Dapio and tho Lako. On the whole of this property of about 4000 acros thero ivao a dense coat, of grass from tho rich growth of last, summer, and largo quantities of that ivhich still remainod burnt like so much straw on being ignited. However the fire ?mglnatod. it spread at an alarming rate in the jourse of tho afternoon and ovenlng, and up to yesterday afternoon well on to a thousand acres had been swept by it, as if by a broom of des truction. Not only did tho long dry grass carry the flames before the wind like fiory waves, but the dead timber, with which tho ostale abounds, added fuel to tho fire in tho full sense of that term. Hundreds of those trees, from roots to branches, wero like so many torches burning at the same time, whole trees in many instances, and branches to no end, f illing in all directions. Literally speaking, tho whole of Dapto turned out to endeavor to stop tho course of tho fire towards the inhabited parts of the locality. The Church of England parsonage, directly east of the Dapto railway station, and only about 300 yards distant, narrowly escaped being destroyed by the fire. Thu premises wore literally sur rounded by blazing fire, and sparks were carried great distances by tho fierce wind blowing. Several times during the night aud yesterday morning the firo appeared as if it would break tho bounds within which it was kept by the will ing crowd arresting its courso of destruction, but yesterday evening, as we wero courteously informed by wire by Mr. J. Bovurd, of Dapto, it was hoped that no more serious consequences would result from it. On the estato thero ato several hundreds of fat cattle, and thi»se had to flee for life before the fiory volume. From Albion Park we learn that large bush-fires have been raging in that neighborhood during the last few days. O'Dowd's farm was completely burnt up, tho homestead being saved with much difficulty. Swan's shed and outhouses have also been burnt. On Sunday night Mr. D. Manson's premises had a narrow escape from destruction. 