COUNTRY HEWS. Ml Da.uda.nup, March 30th. The bushfires have apparently all died out in this part of the district, but the damage which they bave oc\^ casioned to fencing and other proper ty will necessitate many a long and werry day's toil to effect a thorough state of repair, as miles of fencing ? have been- totally destroyed. Thin 9 destruction to property is attributable 9 iu a great measure to some stock- 9 owners who to secure the early feed I for their cattle take advantage of. fl the earliest opportunity, (when the 8 euast is clear) to set the bush on fire fl in such localities as have become the fl favourite resorts for the depasturing 9 of their cattle. They little care who 9 is or is not ready or prepared to meet 9 the too often dreadful consequences 9 of a bushfire, and at their own risk 9 set the bush on fire months previous I to the time allowed by law, as I un- 9j derstand the time for such operations 8 commences in March. Then it is no fl wonder that people are taken aback H when they see bush fires surrounding ***'wj them early in the month of February ? as has been the case this season. fl While such a state of contempt for fl law and order as this seems to be al- fl lowed exist and pass unheeded any fl persons cannot regard themselves ns H secure from the terrors and dangers IS attending bushfires for like a ' thief H I in the night ' they come on them and consume them in* their beds, while in tranquil repose. Most people as a rule do not expect to see bushfires until the time allowed by law. Con sequently they do not bestir them selves to prepare to guard against them until the near approach of time. There lives a poor widow at the Ferguson who is in possession of an Immigrant Grant and who, through the untimely death of her husband, was unable to complete the neeessray improvements by which she could ' have secured the fee simple. How ever a petition was signed by^ the settlers and through H. 'W. Venn Esq. M. L. C. it was presented to His Excellency the Governor who was pleased to grant a further extension of time for the completion of the work, which was at the saire time undertaken to be performed as an act of charity by a son of hers, who up to the time mentioned had resided in another part of the country. But learning the circumstances of the ease had determined to come and se cure the homestead for his mother, ? preferriug to do the improvements as best he could under the circumstances. Meanwhile the widow was sued in the Local Court for debts alleged to have been contracted between her late hus band and a certain man residing in Bunbury, a man who evinced neither pity nor sympathy with the poor woman's case, but secured a judg ment against her while no letters of ad ministration were taken out, the result being all her goods and effects were seized, and sold under the hammer, thus plunging the unfortunate woman into the depths of distress. Even some wheat which her son had pur chased for seed and some that was to be ground for flour was also seized, and sold. This occurrence completely crushed all the hopes which the poor woman had left her. Meanwhile the son, though in severely straightened circumstances, undertook to perform the task of completing the work of fencing and having nearly a sufficient quantity of fencing split and prepared to do the job was surprised when upon returning to resume work after dinner one day found all his new fence sur rounded by bufihfires and his most in defatigable efforts to save it were un availing. On came the lire m all its rage and fury and totally consumed the effects of hi» hard labour. This was most disheartening and discour aging, in fact a calamity in his case, as it necessitates the work being done over again. The loss of lunr.e, anxiety of mind aod fear of not having the work completed in the time allowed, having no earthly assistance but him self while he would badly need to be earning a trifle. However, as the case stands, he is compelled uuder all haz ards to stick like a leach until he completes the work which indeed he is executing at present with the spirit of a lion, MOBIARIIT. 