CURRENT TOPICS. ■The ordinary monthly meeting of: the Haropdenshire Council will be held to- day at the usual place and hoar. The annual race meeting of tho Cam perdown Turf Club will be held on Satur day, Jlarch 17. The programme has been published, from which it will be observed that the total amount" (exclusive of sweeps) to be distributed in prizes M £260. The events comprise the Maiden Plate of 20 suvs.; Ladies' Bracelet, value 40 suvs.; the gift of Mt-ssss. A. S Chirnside and J. WLgins ; Selling Flat Race, of 20, soys.. Cam perdown Cup of 53 suvs.";' Amateur Hurdle Race, trophy value 40 eovs., the gift of Messrs. R. Cbirnside and T. P. Manifold ; Grand Stand Stakes, truphy value 25 soys., the gift of' Mr. W. B. Camming;Timboou Plate, value 25bovb., the gift of AUssrs. B. Dowitng and M. Neylon, with 5 soys., added by the dnb. .Nominations for the Cup,. Handicap Hurdle Race and Ladies Bracelet, must be in before 9 p.m., on 25th inst. The handicaps will be published on February 29\. Acceptances and general entries close at 9 p.m. on March 9. ; , The forest country, which has been green up till the last few weeks, is now fast drying up. There has been an un usual growth in the forest this summer, and a warning should be sent forth with regard to the ever-present danger of fire. Tbe settlers in other portions of the co lony have experienced great losses through disastrous bushfires. With the bitter experience of the tires of January 1886 before them, the selectors in the Heytesbury forest must use every pre caution to guard against a similar calamity this year. The work of clearing should be carried on under the strictest safeguards, and as little work of the kind should be done ae possible until a lat>-r period of the year. Persons who carelessly light fires and leave thorn unprotected in dangerous proximity to property should be severely dealt with: The excursion from this district to the Geelung exhibition is likely to be much more extensive and embrace a wider area than was at tirst anticipated. Since the fare has been fixed at such a low figure, numerous applications have been received fur permission to join the excursion, and it is possible that a number of the schools along the line between here aud Geelung will take part in it. The hon. secretary has "also applied to the Railway Depart ment for permission to start the special train from Teraag, so that any one in that district wishing to avail themselves of it might have an opportunity of doing so. Several excursions from Melbourne and Sandhurst districts have recently been held in connection with the Geelong exhi bition, and all seemed to have thoroughly enjoyed themselves, and speak of their trip in terms of the highest praise. Application has been made to the shire council, which meets to-day, to hive Friday, 24th inst., proclaimed a public and bank holiday in connection with the excursion. The return match between the Colac and Camperdown cricket clubs will "be played on Saturday afternoon at Colac. The wickets will be pitched at 12 o'clock sharp. The following players will repre sent Camperdown :—Curdie (2), Mac kinnon (2), Tait, Manifold, Dempst-r, E. M'Arthur, M. Neylun, Barnard, J. H. Thornton. The monthly returns of the local State school, which were compiled yesterday, are the most satisfactory that have yet characterised the opening of any year's at tendance. D.iring the month 420 children have been enrolled, and the avera-jeattend auce was 370, two hundred children having attended every day, and thus secured the monthly certificate. With an attendance such as this, it will be necessary to in crease the staff by the addition of another assistant. The . Victorian railway rates present some strange anomalies which the Com missioned might endeavor to abolish. Farmers seem to be specially annoyed by the vagaries of the officials in whose hands is entrusted the task of arranging the freight tables. It has been pointed out to us, for example, that to send a ton of chaff to the metropolis cost-* 15s. The charge for a truck nf hay is £3, and as only two tons at the most cin be placed in a truck, the cost of sending hay to Melbourne is exactly double that of chaff. It is matters of this kind, small as they may appear to the official mind, that cause the farmers to he dissatisfied with the management of our railways. . i A distressing accident occurred last week to a little boy, the son of Mrs. Pat rick M'Mahon, of Manifold street The lad was in the act of climbing a tree, and when only a few feet from the ground he slipped and fell, breaking both arm* im mediately above the wrist. The little sufferer has since been attended by Dr. Pettigrew, and is now progressing as well as can be expected towards recovery. The annual meeting of the Camper down United Choir was held on Monday night at the State School. A highly satisfactory report and balance sheet was submitted and adopted. The election of officers resulted as follows:—President, Rev. W. Thomson; conductor, Mr. H. Young; organist, Mrs. Williamson ; hon. secretary and treasurer, Mr.. J. B. M'Leod; committee—Mrs. W. Down, the Misses Malcolm, Walker. Cole, Gould; Measrs. W. Down, J. H. Robinson, R. H. Crook, and J. Chenhall. Arrange ments were made for weekly practices. The choir intend to produce very shortly Gaul's "Holy City." The annual meeting of the Camperdown Literary and Debating Society will be held to morrow night at 8 o'clock at the State school. The business to be trans acted comprises the election of officers, re vision of rules, drawing up a syllabus for the first session, etc A full attendance of members is requested. - The adjourned committee meeting of the Leuia Cricket Club will be held this evening Ax the monthly sittiug of the Terang police court to-morrow, tbe case of the recent-disastrous" tire at Mackinuon's Bridgo will be investigated, and tho police will endeavor to elucidate the'seeming mystery." Ok Friday night the district was threatened with a heavy fall of rain, but a few gentle showers only camedown, which were barely sufficient to lay the dust. The'weather has since been fine and cool, with atendencyyesterday to return to heat. Farmers who have late sown crops of potatoes are now anxiously looking for a heavy downpour, otherwise the crops will prove a failure. We learn that Mr. Duffy, one of the guards on the Camperdown line of rail way, has "been transferred to.Dimboola. His section will extend from Dimboola to Serviceton, to which station Mr. Jones has been transferred. Mr. Duffy was very popular amongst the passengers on the Geelong and Terang section, by whom he will be very much missed. Our Cobden correspondent informs us that the tender of Mr. Henry Stevens, of Camperdown, waa accepted fur the erec tion of a Mechanics' Institute at Cobden. It seems that in the list of medical practitioners in Victoria, there are two having the surname of " Cole." There ii Mr. Francis Colo, Camperdown, sun of Mrs. Cole, of West Cloven Hills, who hat only recently returned from England. The other i« Mr. Frank Hobill Cole, of Carlton It is the latter who was recently appointed assistant medical officer to ths Melbourne hospital for sick ehildreti, and BakMß. Vmgsi Gok, at Gss^Mdon. " Heavy consifrnment«\of-Stock have been forwarded by rail duriug the last few days from this district to the metropolitan' markets. Since Monday, 23rd January, over 8,000 shoep have been sent away, and about 200 head of cattle. It is said that graziers are reducing their stock as speedily as possible, in consequence of the rapid drying up of the grass, and the ravages of grasshoppers and locusts. A match, Town v. Country, will be ■ played on the local cricket reserve to morrow afternoon, commencing at two o'clock. Country players are requested ' to put in an appearance.l The team to do battle against "Colac on Saturday will have an opportunity for. indulging in some practice. A polo match was played at Mortlake on SaturJay between teams representing the Mortlake and Camperdown clubs. The match resulted in a win for the home players by five goals to three. ■ : We received a wire last night from Mr. •J. D. Robinson, secretary nf the Geelong Racing Club, to the effect that by all ordinary trains to Geelong, excursion fares prevail on 3rd and4t>i February, available for return till the following Monday. Tenders are invited, returnable at 12 noon, on Thursday, 16th inst., for the erection of wooden buildings and teacher's residence at State school 2756, Jancourt, near Cobden. Particulars may be learnt at Cobden police station, up to 2nd inst, and after that date at the police station, Camperdown. Is connection with the Presbyterian picnic held in the Royal Park last Thurs day we have been asked to state that the ■ teachers desire to publicly express their hearty thanks to the numerous friends, who kindly provided eatables, toys, with a variety of other articles, and who in - any way contributed to the enjoyment of all present" * A Skoton correspondent writes as follows: —Will you kindly allow me a small space in your valuable paper to draw the attention of the Hon. the Minister of Public Instruction to the way our children attending the local State school are being left. Before the Christ mas holidays our respected assistant teacher, Miss Powell, was ordered to auother school near Portland, a circum stance that eTery one of the par ents of the children attending the school regretted very much, as whilst here the ynuu« lady gained a host of friends, owing t> her amiable manner and her sterling worth as a teacher. We have now entered on the third week of school work, and, I rearet to tay, no assistant has been appointed to take Miss Powell's place, to the no small loss to the children, about 90 of whom r-.gu!arlv attend. Destructive bush fires are reported from the Port Fairy district One on the Harton Hills estate did almost incalculable damage. The fire swept down from Mount Napier, and if the wind had not abated considerably tbe wh.Je of the homestead would have disappeared. -Some of the smaller proprietors on Warrobkook and in tbe >iciuity of Mac arthur, have been heavy Bufferers. In the Tower Hill district the fires have also been rery destructive. One farmer in the Macarthur district whilst loading hi» waggon with posts and rails, hasten-d to extinguish a small fire whch broke out near his hou-e. Oa his return he fonud that the waggon, with its contents, had been reduced to ashes. Good progress (reports the Standard) is still heiog made with the railway works extending from the eastward and west ward of the town. On the Terang line some very big euttins>s have b-eu made, and operations in exctvating through the land, and building embankments up to the proper Uvel, are extensively carried out, between 500 and 600 men now being employed at work on this line. The eirthworks for the Warrnambool to K'i roit line have been carried about a mile and a half beyond the town. Consequent on the promotion of Mr. Hamilton, thr. stationmaster at Ballarat, to the position of acting district traffic superintendent for tbe Western lines, the following transfers are to be made in the Railway. Department :—Mr. F. Yates, stationmaster at Spencer-street, to go to Ballarat; Mr. Fitzpatrick, of Ararat, to proceed to Spencer-street; Mr. Earles, of Wortonga, to go to Ararat; Mr. M'Kee, of Serviceton, to go to Wodonpa; and Mr. Jones, of Camperdown, to go to Serviceton. A liberal programme has been pre pared for the annual race meeting of the Colac Turf Club to be held on .Thursday, March 15. The chief event is the Colac Handicap of 100 sovsi' The Geelong Advertiser understands from -Mr. _ Biguell, the discoverer.of a number of important coal seams atKram bruk, in the neighborhood of Apollo Bay, that a strong syndicate, consisting of Mr. James Mirams, SIX.A., Dr. L. L. Smith, M.L.A., Mr. Zevenboom, and others, has been formed to test the value of the discoveries. Mr. Bignell expresses great confidence in developing a large and vain able coalfield. He has found 27 seams, the largest of which, on the surface, is 20 inches in width, and he has traced them for forty miles. They all dip, he says, into one basin. The specimen he sub mitted to us was an exceedingly bright sample. ..'.■•: The intercolonial cricket match be tween Victoria and New South Walea was continued on Monday at Sydney. The N"tsw South Wales team, who had lost 7 wickets for 507, continued, their innings, which was brought up to the high totafof 57G. Moses who, however, gave several chances, made the splendid score of 297 not out, being the second highest ever made in an intercolonial match. The Victorians enter-d upon their ■" second innings with 309 to wipe off in order to save a one-innings defeat ; When the stumps were drawn they had lost 4 wickets for 157, H .ran being aaain the highest scorer with 65 not out The match was.concluded yesterday, New South Wales winning in one innings with thirty five runs to spare. ..:: i. ... ■.;!• _A telegram from Wiicannia published in Monday's^rjiusays:—ltia gratifyinj to rind .that the task of, coping with the rabhits under the prrsout system is.not so hopeless as has been imagined. The manager of a large run near here, pnfdrmi me that with the reduction of the bonus to a penny per scalp his returns are in creasing at thei rate.of 40,000 per quarter. The increase is accounted for by the : fact that when the bonus was large the men did not trouble to work longer than was necessary to secure large tallies to ensure a fair return. The Education Department (reporta the Standard) has requested the School Board to report on the advisability of establish ing another new State school in the parish of Garvoc The district inspector, Mr Sheltm, has already expressed a favorable opinion on an application emanating from leadini! resileuts and heads of families in that district, who are impressed with the necessity of securing greater scholastic facilities. f n JiS« r?gi,ltS-2£J,?ed S" J Petitioners for 1888 is published m Friday's Gorern ™nt Gazette. Tbe following are residing 'J* th" district -.-Francis Cole, Camper- v Wni^?- Si Ch- B Melb- 1886 ! John Marchbaok, Terang, M.B.etCh. M. Edin. 187o; George Maxwell, Skipton, L.F P S Was. 1859; Augustus Macmanua, Cam perdown, L.F.P.S. Glas. 1863 ;a! J W PetUgrew, Camperdown, M.R.C.S. Ene" L.SA. 1and.1876 ; Charie. Broom, CoV dergMi.CA --'UULlnil, The Minister of Lands has received. another extraordinary proposal with re gard to the destruction of rabbits. Mr. Harry Ford, of Hastings, New Zealand, submits a scheme of rabbit extirpation by electricity, and claims a reward which he understands has been offered by the Go vernment of this colony. His plan of extermination jb to place green food for tho rabbits inside wire cases, which are charged with a strong current of electricity, and he explains that when the rabbits came in contact with the cage in trying to get at the food they would be killed by the electric shock. Lord Deerhurst, whn recently visited these "colonies, has met with a severe accident in the English hunting field. • Mb. E. J. Dunn, assistant Government Geological. Surveyor, reports an _ im portant mining discovery at Stiiglitz road,, a . quarter ' of a mile from East Meredith. Pure gold, he states, has been found in a twenty'to thirty feet drift The discovery is all the more important as it is in a new country. We have recoived the February number of " The Australian Journal" The late . Marcus Clarke's novel was brought to a 1 conclusion in the last number, and a new Australian tale, entitled "Tempted or ' Tried" is commenced in the February ' issue. The story is from the pen of Mrs. 1 Harrison Lee. The- journal in-other > respects is a highly interesting produc t tion. Tenders are invited for leasing 700 acres grazing land at Dixie, near Terang. : Tinders are returnable till the 9th inst, for the erection of cottage, bakers' shop, fittings, *c, at Terang. .Messrs. Armstrong, Howe, & Co.. hold a clearing sale of livestock to-day, at Ripple Vale estate, rJirregurra. Mr. John fly'and holds his periodical sale of live stock Ac, at Terang to-day, and Mortlake on Thursday, 9tb inst. Members of the Camperdown Rifle Club having M. H. rifles on loin are requested to return them at once to the secretary. A NOTIFICATION with re°ard to applica tions fir swing gates in the Shire of Hamp den appears in our advertising columns. Messrs. W. Skene and f'oa notify that they have started a new butchering estab lishment in Camperdown, and solicit a share of public patronage. Mr. J. tfyland has to let for a term of five years, 202 acres of land in the parish of Garvoc, being portion of the famous Yallock Marsh. Further particulars cm be ascer tained o.i application to the anctiooeer. An absolute and nnreserveJ clearing sale of sheep, cattle, horses, and sundries, will be held at Elliminnnk, Birr^gurra, to-mor row. ' The sale will ho conducted by Messrs. Arrcstroui; llovrts & C>*.. whu act nnik-r in structions from the t-xi-cutrix in the estate of the late Mr. »Vro. Edmuii'lsoo. The fourih anuui! clearing «ale of surplus titocK will beheld co- marrow at Mtnj^h es tate, near C'famut, by M-'SSr*. Hepburn, Dowliugand Crawfoid, iu conjunctiou with Mi. John HylaaiL There will also be offered at the same time about 3143 acres or v doable freehold lau.l, beiu^ portions of tbe well-known Miujah estate. 