BUSIl FIRES UV THE COUNTRY. (B. -EL-cium ritovi Ona Com -s.osd-yts ) AVOCA, 'JiiunsuAY Very extensile bush fires are raging in this locahtj. The town is almost deserted, ull the men having gone to assist in ex anguishing one that spread with lightring rapidity jesttrday from Green-hill Creek to within a tomparatively short distance of Avoca It is still raging. Relieving parties ure continually being sentout '1 bree thousand acres of grass has been burnt, also a consider able amount of fencing. Messrs Campbell and Messrs Howell and Pinch hnve so far suf- fered to the extent of £1,000 Every eftort is being made to keep the lire within bounds. Two or turee v aluable hay stacks have been destroyed Word has just arrived here that Mr. Robertson, of Mount Mitchell station, near Lexton, has lost 1,700 acres ot grass bj a lire whuh ia still raging A third fire broke »ut a le«« minutes ni,o between here und Homebush. IHLLARAT, Tuuiisn«.. A buso fire has been burning tor the last two days in ibu country near Clarendon, and ti is destroyed miles tit pasturage and a lot ot tcticuu and some timber 'I he settlers in the locality hive been kept in it state ot al irro, and several homesteads were thron toned as the lire travelled on a stift bree_e. Yesterday it passed through the Clarendon Cemetery, and to duy approached so tlose to Lal Lal mid tendon na to cause npprehen sion )nr those townships Although mun) homesteads und farmhouse«, were threatened, onlj one was destrojnd 'lins belonged toan ilderlj mun nu-iwl Ryder He saw the lire apprOiichin/, and endruvoured to nuticipute it 0) burmun a snip round li 8 dwelling, but the flames »ere lou much for lum, uud c itch ing the building destrojedit. MURCHISON' Thlhsday. On Mund tv I ist a bush tire broke out about two miles trotii the tonnship in Mr 'tulluna pnddtcL on the Rushivortli road It is sup pusi>tl to have been caused li> somi hula who were out shooting ustn¿ paper instead nt gun wads Owing to the drought and great bent the fire spread rapidly in a mirth etistorlj direction, mitt despite the untiring e.erttona ot the townspeople und utilera, who turned out enviaste, it could not bestujed until even nig, when it titirl svvepr through the pu/tdocks nt Mt Tuturi, Mr Silas, Mia Wilson, Mrs Patterson, Mr \\\ em) «s, Ylr 0 Nell, and Mr Watt, und entered the late lames Winter's Dhurringile Estate, all the fenc ing and urnas tu these huviug been de. strojed On (.lilísimas day it ngutu broke out, und as the wind was then blowing from the north it made ita way towards the town ship, causing e,rcat consternation About J o'clock lliirr.u's Hedge, which «vas being «vatched bj about .-0 people, ciueht lire tnrough a spark blowing iir-ross the road from a burning tree, mid the llames weie uucon iriilluble A rush w is made to save the barn und residence, and the wind lulling when the lire wis »ullin three jurds ol the barn, a de teriniueil und successful effort »as made to save it Hail the lunn become ignited, and the wind Ireahcmd, the town would have probably been nblnze Hie lire v/ua kept well in ciietk jeattrduj, mid no tutther dm ger ia likely. TATURA, THURSDAY the bush fire at Harston and Girgarre is now kept within bounds. The farms of Messrs. Donaldson, Fawkner, Minor, Cook, and Frost suffered most yesterday. Mr. Minor lost over 60 acres of grass and one mile and a half of fencing, with sheds and out houses . A fire broke out at Toolamba yes terday, and considerable damage was done to the farms of Messrs. A. Crawford and Stewart. Only for the energy displayed by the neighbours many farmers would have been burnt out. 