NEW SOUTH WALES. (FROM OUR SPECIAL REPRESENTATIVE.) Sydney, March 12. The sensation of the week was undoubtedly the death of Kaiser William, and the attention bestowed upon it by the public was increased by the contradictory accounts which came by cable. Some of the newspapers persistently refused to believe the report, and even in Satur- day morning's issue the Telegraph was not con- vinced of it. Early on that morning, however, the sad news was received officially by Herr Krauel at the Margaret-street Consulate, and he in his turn communicated it to the Govern- ment. Sir Henry Parkes at once proceeded to issue a "Gazette" extraordinary, referring to the close alliance of the illustrious deceased with the Royal Family of Great Britain, and ordering the usual public tributes of respect to one of his rank. The Germans will hold a special requiem service on Sunday next. The decision of the Supreme Court is against the Sunday traders—that is to say, the one class of Sunday selling aimed at has been technically condemned. Newspaper selling and hawking is, say two out of the three judges who formed the bench, illegal, just as "multum in parvo" selling was declared illegal last year in Brisbane by a minor tribu- nal. However, yesterday the papers were sold as boldly as ever, and if any further action is taken by the authorities, the committee which is watching the affair on behalf of the Sunday Times will initiate proceedings against the Herald and Telegraph for trading on Sunday evening in receiving advertisements, taking payment for them, and disposing of copies of their respective journals, besides 600 other persons who in one form or other are engaged in some kind of trade or business on Sunday in the city, and of whose names the committee have a list. The general opinion, however, seems to be that the matter will go no further. The weight of legal opinion is certainly with Mr Justice Windeyer, who held Rogerson's conviction to be bad ; and the fact that the Chief Justice and Mr Justice Owen spoke in disparaging tones of the obsolete law and declined to mulct Rogerson in costs, is also against the Sabbatarian party, whose victory, after all, bids fair to be a barren one. Mr. Ellis, of the Sunday Times, threatens to appeal to the Privy Council. Few railway contracts end so disastrously as that for tho construction of tho Catcoai Rail- way, which landed one of the contractors in the Lunatic Asylum, another in the Insolvent Court, and left about 150 men with their wives and families absolutely destitute and starving in the streets of the town. If all is true that was stated in Parliament about the treatment of the Messrs. Robertson by the Works Depart- ment, they fared badly indeed, in one item alone sustaining a dead loss of over £7000. This was in a lot of ballast, which was passed in sample by one inspector and then rejected by another, after a large quantity had been procured. It is said that a sum of £30,000 will be found to be payable to the Robertsons when all is squared up between them and the Go- vernment, and Ministers were asked in Parlia- ment to advance something on account of this, as the whole of the workmen, who had not been paid for six weeks, were literally destitute. This the Government were advised they could not legally do, and so they declined the re- quest, but subsequently, at the request of Messrs. Jeanneret and Garland, the members for the district, they consented to advance some money on account on those gentlemen entering into a bond indemnifying the Government from any further responsibility in the matter. The men then received their wages through the exercise of this new function of a member of Parliament. The Speaker has at last put his foot down, and it is to be hoped that he will keep it firmly fixed. But even when he took up this attitude the Assembly heard him in solemn silence and evinced not the slightest sympathy. This is what strikes one most after an experience in the Queensland Parliament. In Brisbane the whole House, irrespective of party, looks upon any reflection upon or interference with "Mr. Speaker" as an insult to itself, and represses it accordingly ; but here members look on, apparently uncon- cerned spectators of the scene. If a member were to act in Brisbane as Mr. Ninian Melville did in the Legislative Assembly Chamber on Wednesday night, the leader of the House would at once rise in defence of the chair, and the rest of the members would cheer him for doing it. Not so here. Mr. Melville first of all challenged the Speaker's ruling, and then when he found that the more sober-minded members on his own side would not support him, withdrew his challenge in threatening tones saying what he would do the next time he was interrupted from the chair. This was too much even for Mr. Young, and while Mr. Melville was even yet demurring the time allowed a member for speaking to a motion for adjournment expired. It was rather a lame ending to the episode, but it was recognised as a change in Mr. Young's demeanour that bodes well for the future if he keeps it up. The mining boom, so far as the wild rush after silver shares is concerned, has been de- cidedly at a low ebb during the week. The call at the Open Exchange has become almost a solo by the president, for whom, by-the-bye, a sort of pulpit has been provided. A variation was made on Saturday by the call being made backwards, starting at the bottom of the list and going through the mines, reversing the customary mode of progress. The attendance of the public continues fairly large, most of the men being holders of scrip, waiting for the rise which they hope this week's smeltings will bring about. Then some of the speculators hope to emulate the good fortune of the genial Dr. James, of Melbourne, who, having invested in the first instance a sum of £5000 in the Broken Hill mine, has now sold out for £375,000, and is going to England. A decision important to the sporting frater- ternity has been given by the Supreme Court, by which it is laid down that the receipt of money as deposit for a share in a sweep is equivalent to allowing betting on the premises. The case was that of George Adams, licensee of Tattersall's Hotel, Pitt-street, who had a monster consultation £1 sweep last year on the Melbourne Cup and who was prosecuted by the police and fined £25 and costs for having committed an offence against the Suppression of Betting Act. The sweep was carried on under the name of "Tattersall," and tickets were sold to the public. The Full Court de- cided on Friday that the conviction was a proper one, and that tho holding of tho "sweep" was illegal. An offence of another kind is said to have been very common at the last Newtown elec- tion, and it is proved by the number of blank sheets of paper which were found in the ballot- boxes. This was evidence that a very old game had been carried on a proof of bribery where the bribed do not enjoy the confidence of the bribers. The voter, or the impersonator (for there were a good many of these at New- town) is sent in to record his vote, but he can- not be trusted to mark his ballot-paper as instructed, so he is provided with a blank sheet which he deposits in the box and brings the ballot paper out to be marked by the agent, and subsequently to be sent in by another person. The returning-officer won the £5 prize offered by Mr. Abigail for the detection of impersonation. So much damage has been done in the country districts of late by the providence of bush fires that the Chief Inspector of Stock has consulted the Pastures and Stock Protection Boards throughout the colony with regard to the matter, and whether any additional legisla- tion would be likely to aid m the prevention of these disastrous conflagrations, and their more speedy extinction when they do break out. The blackened country and deserted homesteads show these bush fires are indeed public calami- ties, and though it may be impossible to pre- vent their occurrence altogether, it should not be altogether impossible to check their exten- sion and lessen their destructive effects. Mr. Bruce in his circular suggests the formation of bush-fire brigades—special organisations with special appliances for united effort. The will- ing energy with which settlers now help one another is well known, but there is a tremen- dous waste of effort through its being exerted ignorantly. The spread of knowledge would prevent this. Frederick Baker, or Signor Frederici, had almost as tragic a funeral as the most enthusiastic excitement seeker could wish for, and the fainting of the officiating clergyman was thoroughly in keeping with the other sur- roundings of the artist's death. Baker had Bohemian blood in his veins. His father, Sir Eric, combined diplomacy with authorship, and his mother, Lady Baker, was well known in London literary circles as a clever writer, while Colonel Valentine Baker was his uncle. Destined for the diplomatic service he travelled a good deal with his parents in Europe, and to became a good linguist ; but strangely enough he imbibed a preferential liking for the stage under the influence of Sir Julius Benedict, whose pupil he was. He sang at concerts, but subsequently joined the 10th Hussars, re- linquishing the soldiering to join the well- known D'Oyley Carte's opera company. He had only been in Australia about eighteen months, but had in that time become a general favourite in the profession, both in Sydney and Melbourne. There is a strong family likeness between the P. Von Zglinicki, against whom the Evening News warns the public, and a young gentleman who not so very long ago made himself rather notorious in Brisbane. Now he has been writing letters, appealing to people for sub- scriptions to the " Australasian Newspaper Press Fund Association," and using names of gentlemen of high position in the newspaper office mentioned as his gaurantors. The News formally denies any connections with "Zglinicki,", or with his actions, and says that so far as their office is concerned they are entirely unwarranted and without authority. And it continues :—"Steps were taken, it may be remembered, during centenary week, towards the formation of a Press Fund Association, but beyond a preliminary meeting we have had no information as to anything further having been done, and as far as this office is concerned there has been no warrant for any appeal for subscriptions being made. We shall be glad of any information as to what subscriptions have been forwarded for the purpose named, and under what circumstances they were sent." Mr. White's continued success at Fleming- ton during the week has been the cause of much delight here in sporting circles, and a good deal of profit also, as the lucky lead was followed here to a great extent. The Austra- lian Eleven is receiving its third beating, and is consequently anything but popular, and the gate money of course suffers. The Burke-Foley champion glove fight is at an end ; the police have stepped in, and the men, with their seconds, &c.;, appear at the Central Police Court to- morrow to be bound over to fight neither with 2oz. gloves nor to a finish. At the Albury races, which will be hold on the 10th instant, Morok should win the cup and Ambition the handicap, Hales, who won the double last year on Beeswing, being up in each case quoted. The telegrams which came through from Bris- bane showed the interest which was taken in the Botany Handicap, run on Saturday after- noon, and which resulted as follows, neither of the Brisbane men—Hoelscher and Moxley— getting into the final. The winner was tipped from this office on Saturday morning :—Third Round.—First Heat: H. Ball, 20 yards, 1. Time, 13sec. Betting—Evens the field. Other starters—Stokes, 22 yards; Moxley, 18 yards ; Campbell, 24 yards. Ball won a desperate race by half-a-yard from Campbell. Second Heat : George Smith, 19 yards. Time, 13 9/10sec. Betting—5 to 4 v. field. Other starters— Moody, 15½ yards ; Bushell, 17 yards ; At- kinson, 17 yards. Smith was the only trier and won by two yards. Third Heat: R. Walker (a), 18½ yards, 1. Time, 13 1/5sec. Betting—Evens the field. Other starters— Eyre, 25 yards ; Myers, 17 yards ; Mouleman, 23½ yards. Walker won a great race from Myers by a yard and a-half. Fourth Heat : C. E. Warn, 20½ yards. Time, 13sec. Betting, 4 to 1 on Warn. Other starters—Hoeslcher, 19½ yards ; Lazarus, 17 yards ; Church, 17 yards. The favourite made a procession of it and won by three yards. Final.—C. E. Warn, 20½ yards (£150 and gold chronograph), 1 ; R. Walker (a), 18½ yards (£30), 2 ; Geo. Smith 19 yards (£20), 3 ; H. Ball, 20 yards (£10), 4. Time, 12½sec. Betting, 6 to 1 on Warn, 8 to 1 v. Walker, 10 to 1 others. Mr. Welch got the men away to a good start, the favourite getting away quickest, and the race needs no description, as he came away and won by two good yards from Walker, the same distance separating second and third, and Ball was three yards further away fourth. In connection with Major Thynne's refe- rence to the rifle matches at Hobart in December next, I may mention that in an interview which I had with Major Davies, of Tas- mania, just before he left Sydney, that gentle- man expressed his great anxiety that there should be a good roll up of Queenslanders, and his determination to do his best to make them comfortable while they stay in the "tight little island." Special arrangements will be made for traveling at single fares for the double journey, and by leaving Brisbane over- land on Wednesday night and catching the Saturday afternoon's boat, Hobart would be reached on Monday. The return trip could be performed with equal expedition, so that really there is nothing so very formidable in the journey after all ; and when Major Davies says he will be at the helm of affairs, it means a real good time in every way. Moi-Méme writes :—Gilbert and Sullivan's last opera, "Ruddigore," has given its name to the new shade of colour so largely exhibited in our shop windows. The particular tint need not be described ; the name is sufficiently suggestive, white stripes alternate with this vivid red, and the material to be used for winter dresses is a sort of rough cloth. A pleasing contract to this startling combination is the quiet gray or brown tweed to be used for tailor-made gowns. Something new in fans are those, composed of three ostrich feathers arranged in the same way as the Prince of Wales aigrette, having, of course, the usual handle. Very pretty fans can be made of natural flowers arranged on a foundation of wire and tied with ribbon. The nowest dressing- gowns have silk fronts, whether the gown itself be composed of plush or flannel ; flannel dressing jackets, also, have pretty loose vests of silk. In reply to a question from a Queensland cor- respondent with reference to dress skirts, I have to say that they are very slightly draped at the back—in fact, merely caught up here and there, as if to raise them from the ground ; the large pouffs which have been so long fashionable are quite "gone out," and very small "improvers" are worn. A now collar brooch is very much like a large hook and eye in gold, with the usual pin at the back. Hats are high-crowned with narrow brims ; the velvet covering fits the shape closely, and bows or feathers adorn the front, standing high above the crown. There are at last some novelties in wedding favours ; some have white feathers tied in with the orange blossom, others have lilies of the valley only, with a single leaf at the back, and others again have sprays of flowers composed of pearl beads, blended with the natural flowers. Bridesmaids are again to wear veils instead of bonnets or hats— the Marie Stuart veil, the shape of which is outlined in pearls, being particularly becoming. At weddings also baskets of flowers, excepting for the bride herself, are taking the place of bouquets. White lace, with the design out- lined in gold thread, is much used for trim- ming evening dresses. Gladstone Chambers, 90 Pitt-street. Although the Metropolitan (London) Board of Works are still restricted as regards funds available for expenditure for the purchase of additional fire- plant, through the delay expe- rienced in getting their money bill passed by the Houses of Parliament, they are making the best possible use of the small margin at their disposal, and have just intrusted to Messrs. Merryweather and Sons, of Greenwich and Longacre, London, another order for four new steam fire engines, similar to those last constructed, but fitted with all their latest improvments. These when executed will make the total available land steamers at Captain Shaw's command amount to forty-nine engines. These engines will be fitted with Messrs. Merryweather's new patent quick steaming boiler, into which several important improve- ments havo been introduced of late, including a substantial increase of the heating surface, without adding to the weight, thereby render- ing the engine more powerful and enabling it to raise steam from cold water in about three minutes, and to 1001b. pressure in six to eight minutes, from lighting the fire. 