A BATHES nice point under the Act relating to the admission of Chinese irito the colony had to be decided by the local Bench on Monday last. Two Chinameh, each of whom had been resident for some iime in the district, had occasion on Saturday to visit Wodonga, and returned to Albnry by the late train. On arrival they were asked by the Customs officer to prodnce proof of their having paid the poll-tax, and being nnable to furnish the evidence required, were given into custody on a chkrge of attempting to enter the colony withbnt payment of the impost in question. Evidence was brought forward to show that the men had been some time in the locality, and both men stated that they had paid the tax on their first arrival in Sydney, the amount being handed over by the captain of tbe vessel to the customs authorities in respect of all his Ohinese passengers. After some deliberation the Bench decided to dismiss the case, and Mr. THOBOLD, who appeared for the prosecution, gave notice of appeal lie grounds of appeal were not stated, but it may of course be assumed that in the opinion of the prosecuting attorney there is some reason for questioning the Strict legality of the decision. On the other hand, however, from a standpoint s equity and commonsense, there seems very little reason to find fault with the magisterial finding. If the appeal be upheld, it will amount to deciding that every Chinaman in the district must be able to prove his right to be in the colony. There is no such requirement set forth in the Act, and the en forcement of such a condition would entail a large amount of hardship. The practice on the admission of Ohinese at Sydney is for the captain of the ship to pay over the tax to the Customs authorities in a lump sum. Many of the Chinese so paid for, never receive any certificate of payment at all These persons surely would have to be furnished with exemption papers. Then, again, all Chinese resident in tho colony before the passing of the Act are exempt from the tax, and tboy would have to receive some written proof of their exemption to hold them harmless from prosecution. It appears to us that, in the meantime, the only principle that can faifly be adopted is that of assuming all men- domi- cited in~the~<^t)ny-td--haVe"paia-the tax; As a matter of factthis principle is acted upon already. There ten be no doubt that if the two Chinamen Tiad formally asked for a permit to go to Wodonga, they would have received it, and would have been re-admitted on their return. Having neglected to take the proper step? they have only themselves to bliime for being subjected to some inconvenience. But they are certainly not deserving of any greater, punishment than that they have already undergone. To subject them to a greater punishment would, indeed, amount to an absolute reversal of the only policy hitherto found expedient or practicable. AN announcement published elsewhere of the intention of the Royal Humane Society of Australia to award bronze medals for proficency in swimming exercises, comes very opportunley just on the completion of the local swimming-baths. The construction of. these Laths may very fairly be regarded as one of the most useful works ever undertaken, by the Borough Council. [Regarded solely , from a sanitary point of view, the provision of public baths is a boon the value of which can be hardly over- estimated. In a climate like this, regular and frequent bathing is essential to health, and heretofore all persons unprovided with bathroomB in their houses, have been compelled to bathe in the river—often in flagrant violation of public decency, always at more or less imminent peril to their lives. Henceforth there will be no need to incur the risk of death by drowning, and ho justification for unseemly exhibitions on the bank of the river. People will be able to indulge in " The pureBt exercise of health The rand refresher of the summer heat" decently .and in safety, and it is inot unreasonable to expect a large reduotion in the annual number of fatal accidents in the Murray. But apart from this consideration, another very important advantage may be reckoned upon. With the oppor tunity now afforded, the youth of this town ought one and all to acquire the art of swimming. The ability to swim is a valuable accomplishment. at all times and in every country, but in no part of the world is it more needed than in this district, where almost every resident, be he professional man trader, mechanic, or laborer, is at times called upon to travel across creeks and watercourses subject to periodical flooding by the winter: rains. Never a season goes past without its record of one or more fatal accidents, generally attributable to the fact that the victims were unable to swim. .Now is the time to provide against this needless sacrifice of human life, at all events so far as the people of Albury are concerned; and the offer of the Humane Society, we repoat> Comes very. opportunely. With a view, however, to still more warmly enoourage the acquirement of proficiency in swimming, we would suggest that early steps be taken for the formation of a Swimming Club, and for regular periodical competitions for prizeB. By carding out this suggestion the citizens of Albuiy would not only be adding one more to the list of athletic exercises in which oar youths already excel, but they would also in all human probability be the meanB of rescuing many fellows-creatures from untimely death. AT the commencement of a new year it is Sometimes profitable and generally interes'ing, to indulge in a brief glance at the twelvemonths just completed. Such a retrospect in the case of the year 1887 affords every ground for satisfaction. After a considerable period of depression, the past year set in with more hopeful prospects, which in a general way may be said to have been fairly realised. The harvest, it is true, has not been quite up to d the average, but so few. of our farmers depend entirely upon wheatgrowing, c that evenanttppreciabliefalling-kjffinthejriyia' for one season is not a serious matter when their other sources of revenue are : in a thriving condition. And there is no room for doubt on this latter point. Thanks to the exceptionally heavy rainfall,' the pastures throughout the year have been maintained in b state of almost phenomenal luxuriance. The difficulty has been, not to preserve sufficient grass to feed the stock, but to obtain sufficient stock to eat the grass; and as : a matter of fact enormous quantities of grass have gone to waste. As a natural consequence the pastoral interest has benefited correspond ingly. The ewes having a mild season and abundance of feed, the lambing was very good indeed, and the giowth of wool excellent. The clip generally was folly up to the average in quality, and beyond it in quantity. The price obtained, also, was, on the whole, good, so that the graziers large and small have every v reason for satisfaction. So far as natural advantages are concerned, the residents of this district have very litt'e cause for complaint. Unhappily so much cannot truthfully be said concerning political matters. There is a game, once popular amongst juveniles ; under the name of battledoor-and-shuttlecock, and if it be permisible to suppose New South Wales and Victoria engaged in a perpetual contest for supremacy at such a pastime, then assuredly the Border people and their interests may aptly be held to represent the shuttlecock. Is a railway urgently needed to carry our local produce to market ? Then is it certainly denied lest Victoria may possibly derive some incidental advantage. Is a bridge wanted to facilitate traffic ? The same cause operates to pre vent its erection, even when the people concerned offer to build it themselves. Even Our manufacturers and distributors are only permitted to use the railway they have helped to pay for, on payment of a charge which is virtually prohibitory. On the other hand, Victoria, whilst pouring in produce to Riverina in a season of drought, refuses to admit Kiverina produce in a season of plenty, and even levies tax upon our live stock The disabilities under which the Border farmers labor are quite well understood by our legislators in Sydney, but no attempt is made to relieve them. It sayB much for the district that in spite of these great disadvantages, it has yet progressed and prospered. Nature has been kinder to Riverina than has the Government of the colony, and given reasonably fair treatment from the "powers that be," no province in- Australia has a fairer future before it. Shall we ever get reasonably fair treatment? Not, is to be feared, from the present Ministry. MUNICIPAL ELECTIONS.—Elsewhere will be found full particulars concerning the annual • lection next month. THE AIBUBY COP.—This very handsome cup given by Mr. T. H. Mate will be on view to- morrow evening at the Bon Marche. TERRIBLE BUSH-FIRES,—Elsewhere will be f rand particulars of one of tbe most calamitous hush-fires that has ever visited the district. ANNIVERSARY SPORTS, &O.;, AT GERMANTON. —We have been requested to state that a dance will take place in the Germanton School of Arts on 36th inst. PROHIBITION ORDER.—An application was made yeterday by Mrs. Robert Anderson praying for an order restraining all publicans from supplying her husband with liquor. The application was granted. NEW PATENT.—A patent has been taken out in Melbourne by Charles Schlue, of Barnawartha, blacksmith, and Thomas Duncan, of Chiltern, engineer, for " an improved spark arrester;" dated 20th December, 1867. THE CATTLE YARDS.—At the meeting of the Borough Council on Wednesday evening Alderman Mate gave notice of a motion for ioviting tenders for the construction of cattle yards. The cost of the yards is not to exceed £1500, and the successful tenderer is to receive a bonus of j£l0, or Buch sum as the Council may agree upon. WODONGA POLICE COURT.—The only case on the list at the Wodonga Police Court on Friday was that of F. M. Cobham v. W. Henry, 16s., for paddoefcing a horse. Defendant admitted his indebtedness, and an order f was made for the amount claimed, with 5s. osts. Messrs. tfarkin and Bambrick tvere the presiding'magistrates. annual meeting of subscribers on Wednesday, there was no one present save a few members of committee, the hospital surgeons, and two reporters. The meeting, after waiting tbe time prescribed by the by-laws, was adjourned for a week. There is, we [Understand, no contest for the offices this year. AN INCORRIGIBLE VAGRANT.—A young German named Frederick Becker was brought up on Monday on a charge,of vagrancy. This prisoner, though well able to earn his own living, appears altogether averse to doing so, openly avowing that he does not intend to work. He only came out of gaol last week. He was sentenced to three months' imprisonment in Wagga Wagga gaol.. VOLUNTEER COBPS.—The fourth competition for the S'ater Cup will be held to-day and tc-morrow, at the appointed times. The January competitions for the quarterly prizes offered by the Volunteer Rifle Club will be held ell day on Thursday next. The conditions are as follows :—Seven shots each at 500 and 600 yards, one sighting shot at each range free, the second to be charged 3d.; handicaps to be published on Tuesday next; score, with handicap, not to exceed 60 points. Prizes lor the quarterly shooting will range from £2 downwards, tbe two highest scores at separate ranges to be counted. Only those members of the Rifle Club whose current subscriptions are paid will be eligible to compete in these matches. NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.—'The following is a summary of the principal advertisements which appear for the first time in this issne :— Mr. T. Thatcher, auctioneer, &c.; Messrs Braim, Davidson, and Stevenson sell sheep at Hay 26th January; Messrs. G. V. Rabn and Co. auctioneers, &c.;, Germauoon j Silberberg sewing machine; Mr. G. A. Lawrence announces selling-off of bis stock-in-trade; Messrs, W, Frew and Co , " Old Mill" timber yard ; tenders for additioi to Albury Public School; full particulars of cheap fares to Sydney ; horse lost; Messrs. W. C. Steel and Co. sell jeweller's stock on an early date; Mr. H. Cnlley sells sheep at Urana 26th January; Mr. Bridle sells livestock, furniture, &c;, at Mulwala 24th January; Messrs. Powers, Rutherford, and Co. sell store bullocks at Wodonga 17th February; Bungowannah Hotel to be sold shortly, also town lots in various localities; clearing sale at Messrs. Sayer aud Sons, CorpwB, 21st January ; public meeting at School of Arte. Howlong, 3lst January; Messrs. Cbenery Bros, will sell Razorback homestead 6th February; tenders for hospital supplies; adjourned hospital meeting on Wednesday ; farm for sale near Grenfell; Messrs. C. L. Griffith and do. bave 6000 acres to let ; tenders for buildings invited by Messrs. Gordon and Gordon; Germanton races 27th and 28th March; Mr. Strickland sells 178 acres leasehold at Barnawartha 18th February; number of stores closed 26th January; Mr. Gaspers is now receiving pupils for piano, organ, &c.; Messrs. Chenery Bror. sell form 26tth February, and hold clearing sale at Mahonga, 3rd February : subscriptions to the Queen's Fund ; Messrs. C. L. Griffith aud Go. sell fat aud store stock at Corowa 24th January, and at Tallangatta 21st January; Messrs. Jackson and Jones sell sundries to-morrow ; Messrs. C. L. Griffith andOo. sell horses 2nd, 3rd, and 4th February; Messrs Jackson and Jones sell furniture 25th January; requisition to Mr. E Chenery to stand for seat in the Council. 