MINING. Referring to tbe discovery at Mac's Reef, the Queanbeyan Age says : — Considerable exeitement exists looally, both in Buugendore and Quean beyan, over the reports which have been received from Mac's Reef. Some splendid specimens of , doro on Saturday from the locality of the reef, they having been taken from a newly discovered reef in a paddock belonging to Mr. D. Leahy, and situated about a mile from the old workings. Various reports were speedily in circulation, and it is stated, on apparently good authority, that the rich element is freely obtained in more than pay able quantities. Some of the specimens are said to average IGoz, to the ton, and should these re ports receive confirmation there is every prospect of a rush taking place to what has been rather generally regarded as the ' golden hope' of Queanbeyan. Rich Find at Mount Browne. — Wilcannia, Tuesday. — A rich gold find has been made at Mount Browne. Considerable excitement ha3 been created at Milparinka, a man named James Main, having brought in a large nugget of pure gold weighing 28oz. I7dwt., which he had found on the surface at the Mount Browne goldfleld. The All Nations Claim is giving prospects of loz. of gold to the load, and the Hard-up Claim i3 look ing better. Western Australia.. — Perth, Tuesday. — In- formation has just been received of the discovery of alluvial gold at Golden Valley. The Govern ment Geologist, reporting on the gold discoveries at Yilgarn Hills, states that ib is possible that rich deposits exist. In alluvial southward of Yil garn Hills a ton of stone brought m from the Wongan Hills showing gold very plainly, will be forwarded to Melbourne to-day for assay. Payne, the discoverer of the Wongan xeefs, reports very favourably upon their character. The Ruby Discovery at Poolamacca. — Silver- ton, Tuesday. — A meeting of gentlemen interested in the ruby discoveries at Poolamacca Station was held at Mr. C. A. Ring's office on March 9. It was decided to form a company of 600 shares to work three blocks of forty acres each, situated at Trough's Creek, four miles from Poolamacca, and it was decided to call the company the Poola macca Ruby Company. It is intended to com mence work to prove the ground at once. The Gipsy Girl mine continues to despatch ore of good quality. There is not much change to note ; se conds are accumulating fast. The winze below the bottom level has gone down the whole distance in a fine body of ore. It i« now at 28 feet, and still looks well, having a solid branch of galena in the bottom. The crosscut from the vertical shaft is still going ahead in splendid schistose country. This is highly favourable for the mine, showing that the present crystalline country does not go down deep, and the hardness of the ground has been the chief causation against the development of the mine, since it made work very r.low and ex pensive. The shares in Eurirwie South have been over applied for in less than an hour. Extraordinary Rush. — Since the floating of the Lewis Ponds Silver Mine, near Orange, the mining mania hss become universal in the dis taict, and, to quote the old phrase — it never rains but it pours — we have just experienced an extra ordinary rush during the past three days. On the cast side of the line, and about six miles from Warne station, a rich silver field has been discovered. It has been visited by over 500 people in i-hese three days, and is pegged out for miles. The stone, which looks exactly like t^e Lewis Ponds stone, has boon pronounced by experts to bo of a superior quality. Great excite- ] ment prevails. A rush from distant places is | deprecated Part of the laud, unfortunately, is. purchased land. The prospectors at the Back Creek Gold Mine, near Warne, have struck rich I gold, and are about to float it into a company. j A gold nugget weighing 47oz. has been found in the Midas claim, Ballarat. In regard to the discovery of gold on Gilgarn Hills, the Government Geologist states that it is possible rich deposits exist there. A ton of stone obtained in the vicinity shows gold very plainly ; it was to be forwarded to Melbourne on Tuesday for as6ay. Meesrb. W. H. Armstrong, M. C. Gowlishaw, J. W. Cliff, G. C. Loughnan, J. B. Christian and S. Samper have been elected the first board of directors of the Australian Mining Exchange. Some further important developments in the Croydon Goldfield are reported. A discovert of gold has been made near Mount Alexander, Queensland. An assay of surface stone has given J3oz. to the ton. From Broken-hill it is reported that the ruby rush continues and that a large number of ruby syndicates have been floated. The Wool Trade. — Goldsbrough's annual re view of the Australian wool trade for the season 1887-8 is now published, and a glance at its pages shows that the 259th number of this valuable publication is of a most elaborate char acter. The tables collected together are both instructive and useful, and a perusal thereof cannot fail to impress the most casual reader with the increasing magnitude of yearly ' transactions in Australasian wools. It ap pears that all the colonies except New Zea land showed an increased production for 1887-8 over 1886-7, with a total increase of 75,000 bales estimated for the present season. At the close of the review a statement is given of the number of sheep and lambs in the world,and their production of wool for the year 1887 as compared with ten years ago. It there appears that there are at present in Europe 186,503,353 sheep ; in South. America, 94,928,607 ; and in Australasia, 86,363,889 ; making in all, with the number in other countries, a total in the world of 458,020,530 sheep. The world's production of wool for 1887 is set down at 1,958,459,3921b. The Distress amongst Navvies at Carcoar. — The clerk of petty sessions issued last week 180 summonses for navvies' wages against the con tractors of the railway. Mr. J. T. Bryant, chief paymaster of the Railway Department, on Mon day paid 28 men who have already got judgment for six weeks' pay. The remainder of the men will seek judgment for their pay. Mrs. Charles Garland opened a subscription for those in urgent need ; but at present there are no serious cases requiring immediate attention. Destructive Bush Fiee in the Burrowa Dis trict — On Monday evening an immense volume of smoke was observed north-west of Burro wa. Senior- Sergeant Prior and Mounted-Constable Stephenson hastened to the locality, and were just in time to organize and direct a party to save the homestead of a settler named Grannell. The bush-fire orginated at Gegulaong, and spread with great rapidity for five miles, burning fences, haystacks, and sheds in its career. The settlers turned out, and with numbers from the town, directed by the police, checked the fire about midnight. Were it not for the destruction of fences and haysheds the fire would have been a boon in clearing the vast area of thistles. Rain is badly wanted. A public meeting was held at Brisbane last Tuesday night to devise means for the immediate relief of tho destitute Scottish crofters. .£275 wore collected at the meeting, and wired to the proprietors of the Glasgow Mail for distribution. Four original blocks of tho Macdonnell Range ruby mines. Central Australia, have been sold for £200,000. The English football team which haa been organized to play a series of matches in Australia and New Zealand sailed from London on Satur day by the Kaikoura. Twelve hundred and fifty-six students have joined the Working Men's College, Melbourne. Railway Meeting at Casino. — At one of the largest and most unanimous meetings ever heldfat Casino, the following resolution was adopted, with great cheering, and without a dissentient voice : — ' That this meeting learns with surprise that the Government have placed a wrong interpreta tion on the minute submitted by the Engineerin Chief with regard to the Grafton-Tweed railway, and earnestly protests against any further delay on the part of the Government in undertaking what is national and not a local work, and main tains that the omission of this line from the Go vernment policy would be a grievous and unwar ranted act of injustice to the Northern districts.' The speakers declared that the people were now thoroughly aroused to the fact that the time had arrived to assert their just claims, and annexation to Queensland was urged. 