The Weather, Pastoral, Crops, &c.; When discussing the weather during the present season it is agreed on all sides that some good steauy rain is now badly required. Bush tires have been committing great havoc in the south and west, and the soil needs softening for the plough, otherwise the season is favourable. Hound about Mudgee (writeB our travelling correspondent), tho country is suli'erinpr from the want of rain. A good fall now would be or incalculable benefit. Graziers require rain to freshen the herbage, and farmers want it to soften the ground. Fallowing is being done in several directions, but the soil is extremely hard and lumpy. On Saturday tho weather ohanged from sultry to extremely cold, ' but although the bush fires which for a fortnight have been raging round the town wnro quenched by the heavy dews, the wished-for rain did not fall. Along the O.nfisrp.Lrnno' HivAr I nnfip/yl Hint thn mnizn nrnn InMrpri fairly well, and lucerne also bore a brilliant appearance, but the natural grass could do with a lot of moisture just now. The grape crop hag been almost a failure throughout the district, it having been seriously affected with oidium and some other destructive disease. BOMBALA, Mauch 19. The country does not wear a very promising uppearance for the coming winter, as a good many circumstances have combined to give quite the reverse. Although me spring and summer months opened so grandly, they were followed by a long period of intense lieut, without any rain to relievo it. As a natural result, one of the chief crops here has suffered terribly. The potatoes are a comparative failure. Those that were put in very early suffered from excessive wet and rotted before growth ; those of later setting had no chance in the sun-baked ground during January and Feb ruary. Another trouble is the grass, and in this respect the prospect for the stock during the winter months is the reverse ot hopeful. If you take a drive through the rolling plains surrounding the town, or the valleys still further off, you can seo the ground covered for miles with a thick sun-dried grass, standing in places two-feet high, but absolutely useless tor pasture, as all the nutriment is baked out of it. If on the one hand the stock had been plentiful, and had kept this eaten down in the spring, so that the growth would not have been exhausted, or if on the other a decent share of rain, had fallen to us in February, there would be green and wavy pasture, where now there ie nothing but a suu-baked-wiry stubble. It is a thousand pities to see thounand.8 of acres of pas ture wasted by bad management, when it could have been turned to better account, in epite of adverse seasons. DAFTO, March 19. Since my last we have had some very disagreeable weather, heavy westerly wind drying up the ground very quickly, and a fall of rain would do a world ot good, as ground is too dry for either sowing or ploughing. Last Thursday was a roasting day, but the weather has now be come quite clear and cool, almost like winter. INVISKELL, March 19. Two hundred fat bullocks and six cows arrived on Satur day, 10th instant, from Wienholt Brothers' station, Mary land, Queensland, Mr. W. Onus, owner, InvereU ; Mr. J. Lynch in charge. They are a prime lot and in excellent condition. KIANDRA, March 17. The variations in the temperature during the lust fort night have been from the fine warm days and cool nights expected at this season of the year to the extreme cold ex perienced when the wind has travelled over frozen enow in midwinter ; in fact, the rain and sleet which fell in the town on the 5th instant covered Mount Kosciusko with its preliminary mantle of puow, which will not again disappear until next spring. Everything points to an early and severe winter. Threshing operations have been general in the Monaro country for some weeks, and the result of the grain yield has been very diveree in different localities. From Berridale the statement comes that tho yield of grain has been very satisfactory, both as to the number of bushels per acre and the weight, which D^ay be attributed to the fact that, though no special precautions were taken against an attack of rust, that disease did not make its appearance in that particular locality, whilst in othert tu-i crops were badly infected. TCIAMA, March 29. Last week the weather in this district was such ass has been seldom experienced. Up to Wednesday wa had mild winter temperature, but on that day the thermometer wont up to over lOOdeg., and it was noted as the hottest day of the season; but there was something still more trying in store for us on Thursday. What with the intense heat of the sunY*he hot westerly winds, and an atmosphere chokingly thick with smoke and ashes from surrounding bush firOB, to which was added clouds of dust, the residents of this townhada hard time. All traceof the Jast rain *eems to Have disappeared. Farmers on high situations wouid welcome a nice fall of rain. However, notwithstanding the comparatively dry weather, crops seem to grow luxuriantly, especially 'planters' friend.' On the farm of Mr. John SomervJlle, Jenera Vale, I noticed, the other day, a patch of 'Planter,' 11 feet high, and tho seed was sown as kto as on the 1 8th December last. This crop shows a growth ot more than 14 inch per day since it was sown. MO AM A and ECHO C A, March 17. We experienced some warm weather early in the week, but a thunderstorm, accompanied by a slight fall of rain, took place on Thursday night. At Moira, about 14 miles from Moama, a very heavy gale prevailed; haystacks were blown over, trees uprooted, and chimneys blown down. The young grass is growing slowly, and a good fall of rain would be most welcome. In local markets, 3s. Id. is tho best price for prime wheat, but very little grain is offering, as farmers anticipate bettor prices. PARKES, March 19. There unfortunately is no change to report in the weather. We are still having a dry time, and thingp would be much better if we had a nice fall of rain. About this district we have had our share of bush fires, and some selections have suffered by loss of grass and fencing. On some of the runs, too, a good deal of fencing has been destroyed. This is the usual penalty for abundance of dry feed. It is difficult to advance a cause for these fires, and ie peculiar manner they originate, sometimes in different directions, leads up to the opinion that carelessness is not the cause. Fortunately feed is abundant, but rain hanging off so persistently does not make things look too well, ana the long dry grass which has been consumed would have stood to stock splendidly 6hould the winter not be favorable. TUMU1, March 20. 'Erratic' is tho only word that fitly describes the weather we have recently experienced. The changes have been sudden and extreme. On Thursday last we were visited with a scorching hot wind, accompanied with a terrific dust storm ; on the following day the atmosphere was quite clear and the wind piercingly cold. Since then we have had rain, sultry heat, and thunder, and yesterday morning there was a white frost sufficient to blacken the pumpkin and melon vines. The appearance of frosts bo early is causing farmers some uneasiness as corn and tobacco crops arc likely to be more or less damaged. SINGLETON, March 20. Thursday last was the hottest day of the season ; the glass went to 93 in the shade with a strong hot westerly wind blowing, and our streets having been just covered with ridge gravel, it was something beyond a joke to have to ever venture outside the door, especially in George and John-streets. During the last week the whole country around Singleton has been on fire, but no serious loss tc houses or barns has taken place, with the exception of£a place at Bulga, where a stack of hay and some oats wer» destroyed. Some places have miraculously escaped burn ing, being surrounded to the very door with long grass. We are all now crying out for rain, not for our tanks but for our grass ; as what has escaped the bushfire is all crumbling to dust. TEMOEa, March 17. lUish fires have been so common of late that stockowners are in continual dread owing to the large areas of ground covered with long grass. There were evidently two large tires last night ; one in the direction of Trungley, or betwixt East Mandemah and Trungley, and another towards West Mandemah. Mr. Robert Saunderson passed the latter sta tion duri&cr; the nast week, and at the time of his visit there seemed little hope of saving the homestead or stacKs. Men had been sent from Aria and Kildcary, but the strong winds blowing of late absolutely mook the efforts of those who contend with the bush fires. Heavy galeb on Thursday carried the fire and emolce in all directions, and there was hardly a point of the compass at which some fire was not visible. URANA, March 19. Save upon the 14th and 15th, the reather during the past week has been just as cold as it waB during the previous one, the thermometer on the nrntnamed date showing 90deg. and on the last lOOdcg. in tho shade. This change came on quite suddenly and unexpectedly, inasmuch as there hod been nothing in the temperature of the previous days to in dicate its occurrence. Some time in the night of the 13th the wind veered round from south to north, from which quarter it continued to blow strongly during the time men tioned, and on the latter date with the forcoof a hurricane, sending before it such clouds of dust as obscured the sky. On tho night of the 16th it returned again to the south, the nes^ day, and every one since, being cool, if not cold. Although the grass is still springing nicely, rain is much wanted, if only to soften the ground for the farmers, whose tillage time is close at hand. Ourdam has hitherto gone by default, the contractor not having shown up, but on the i¥»nrrarv. havinc. as I learn, thrown ud the iob : something:. however, seems likely to be done in the matter ere long, since Mr. H. G. M'Kinney,»C.E., has, in accordance with instructions received frona headquarters, been lately en gaged in surveying and laying out its site. WAGGA WAGGA, Mauch 20. The latter portion of last week was more boisterous and dupty than the weather has been for more than a couple of years, and ns a few drops of rain fell It was hoped that then the wind, which at hurricane pitch, abated, the anxiously looked tor downpour would come ; but both pastoralist and farmer have been doomed to disappointment, their hope now being that tbe warm weather whioh has now reasserted it self, will bring about the muoh needed showers. Although the rainfall for the last six months has far exceeded the usual average in this district, tbe ground has absorbed it as a sponge would, and is now, like Oliver Twist, crying fof 'more. . ? * 