A WELL-CULTIVATED FARM. Br Bbukl GOOD CHOPS IN A BAD SEASON. It seems a strange thing that anyone should travel over 100 miles in a land of great fertility merely for the satisfaction of looking at what in ordinary seasons would be culled a fairly good crop of corn. But in a season like the present, when corn-fields and pastures are alike a failure, the man who can get anything like a crop where his neighbours have utterly failed attracts considerable notice, and agriculturists ask with some interest if the success is doe to. chance or good cultivation.' It was to learn something of the matter that I wended my way to Madia, and thence drove ont to the farm of which the readers of The Australasian have heard something in the letter oi Mr. J. Bailey Sharp, which was published last week. Leaving Maffra we followed the Briagoloini roud, which rnus along a piece of rising ground composed of a cold, poor, sandy soil, on which the only trees to be seen are red gum and he- oak, the former nearly all lifeless. Along this hank the railway to Briagolong windB in a most eccentric manner, as rowing men would say, making S's all along its course. A drive of a few miles on the poor s >i! of the bank brought as to the splendidly fertile fiats that border the small stream named the Avon River. The change is remarkably sndden, a dozen paces being sufficient to take one from the yellow sandy bauk to the dark alluvial soil .of the bottom land. Ilere we entered the Boisdale Estate, well known for the number and quality of the fat cattle that ere sent from its pastures. As a cattle pasture this place Is said to have no superior, but the short rainfall in spring and the subsequent hot dry weather have had the effect of rendering the feed In the Boisdale fields very short Mr. King, who leases the estate, told me that unless rain fell very soon he would have to sink for water, or shift the cattle ont of some of the field', a thing that has not been done before, so far as he knows, and he has bad considerable experience in this district. We drove through si-verul large enclosures, and liner soil I have seldom, if ever, seen. What would it not do if irrigated, but in 19 out of 20 seasons this bottom land needs no irrigation, and the re sult is that no attempt has ever been made to put water over the surface. When seen from some little distance the Boisdale fists appear to be as level as a bowling green; bht a closer inspection shbws that there are numerous, depression? meandering all over the surf ice. Some of these are shallow, bpt others are of considerable depth, and many of them have never been known .to go diy till this year. To irrigate ft good-sized 'area of such land would necessitate an immense' outlay in the way of filling and levelling. .So far; as I could see nothing has been done to Improve the pastures on tpis estate. T'he surface'fs well covered with small tnssocks; clover is' plentiful in places, and during good seasons doubtless grows' luxuriantly, nut I did riot notice either ryegrass or cocksfoot, and: all the land I drove over appeared to have never been broken Tip. At'fnjg far end 61 the'broad valley, and close under'the foot-bills'that stand like the advanced guard of the tiighpr ranges imjriedlately behind, is situated the farm I bad eofrie so far to eee. The kite is t charming one,*'arid the view towards the mountains mrist be a most attractive one rih a clear day, When 1 visited the pface the haze of smOkhfrgm bush-fires half- concealed the outlines'of the hills, but I saw clearly the form of Monrit Wellington, at whose fbot lies' the beaiitifnl little lake discovered last year by Mr: RiggalL A trip to this the lake is becoming a favourite onting by tli _ dwellers in this part pf Gippslsnd, ^nd as the scenery is said to be very beariuful, 'there Will doubtless, soon be numerous visitors irons other parts of Victoria. The fake is as yet unbaohea, bnt surely the right "of the dis coverer to name it' will riot In this case be overlooked. In the neighbourhood ifc is called "the new lake" by Some, and by others "hake Rfarall." • . The first view of the crop of . which X bad heard'so fapch was rather a dissppointtaeriti „ The 6rop risxt tb|' tpad tfjfa Cape fcrfaft^aiiff at the corher of ibB field rirenrst reached .'It1 was very shprt in the stntff W»d short in: the' in many places it was fully 4ft high, and with fall plamp heeds. At the steading 1 learned that Mr. J. A. da Moulin was at work in' the field, and his son kindly under took to take me to him. On the war I learned that the land under cultivation was a portion ot the Boisdale Estate which was leased by Mr. ,d.a Mou% The land nnder crop la a large paddock oonUinirie 179 acres, of which 100 acres ateunder barley a mixture of Cape and Orecona~45 acres are under bats, and SO acres are under wheat As we walked through the field I could *ee that the crop, waa a much heavier one than J expected to fitfd it from the view I bad on the road. I found -Mr. du Moulin at work with the reaper and binder. He bad commenced cutting bis crpp much earlier than is mmi with Victorian farmers; bnt there was danger of an invasion of grubs,'and he thought it beat to be first in the field. The wheat was all in etook, and a considerable portion of the barley waa cut The oats were un touched, and still green. In answer to my inquiries Mr. du Moulin told me that this was the sixth crop he has grown in this field in as many years, and all of them have been good ones. His principle is to work the > land thoroughly,and to this alone he attributed his success. The field that has given such excellent results this season was treated in | the following mannerPloughing was com menced in the middle ot March, the ground i being turned over to a depth ot seven niches, | In future he intends to go an inch deeper. I After ploughing, the land was cot op with the disc harrow, and/that whs followed by the heavy harrows. The land was again gone over -with the diec harrow, and then the seed was sown with one of MUBgrove's broad cast seeders. The seed was . worked _in with light harrows, au«l the Work waa finished by going over the field with a heavy roller, by working the land in f his way the auriace waa got as tine as nn onion bed, and the seed was enabled to get a deep hold of the ground be fore the dry weather set in. There was also this advantage in working the soil so fine, the moisture did not evaporate quickly, and in case of rain it did not cake arid choke the plants, thereby preventing their growth. Mr. du Moulin stated that a storm of rain which passed over the district durinr springtime was much heavier with him than in the sur rounding country. With this exception, the only advantage Mr. du Moulin s farm pos sessed this eeasou over the other (arms in the district has been thorough cultivation. The excess of rain on the occasion referred to may have given, and doubtless did give, the crop an advantage, but it Was not suffi cient to account for the difference in the yield of this field as compared with oihere. Last season, what promised to be an ex ceptionally good crop was completely de stroyed by the grub. The greater portion of the straw was ploughed under, but part of tiie field was burned, and on this portion the crop is cleaner and stronger than elfjewnere. The wheat had a nio-t attractive appearance, and was far and away the heat crop 1 have seen in Victoria tins year. Most ot the straw is nearly 4it- long, and the he-ids have a fine appearance, it has been estimated to go fuily 30 bushels to the acre, and 1 think ine estimate is, it suytoing, under the uwrk, The seed was obtained from the Donkie Fami, and is the variety known us L'-rt Mai-doneii wheal. This crop wua cut much greener than is usual in Victoria, wnere uiriueis frequently leave their wlieat standing till is quite ripe. Mr. du Muuliti told iueih.it he once cut a crop ot wheat as green as grass, and left it in the field to ripen. To the sur prise of ins neighbours, it turned out an ex cellent sample oi grain. Several people who have seen this crop are under the impression that the grain will be small and shrivelled iroui early cutting, but Mr. du Moulin has no fears on that head, and bis own experience and that of farmers in other lands juatily his con whence. The barley crop, wtnch is a mix ture of Cape and Oregon barley. Is estimated by local experts to be over 35 ouBhels to the acre. The oaiB, it is thought, wiil go from 27 to 30 bushels'to the acre. Tue estimates given are for the whole crop, leaving our a lew patches where the plains are email and weak. The area of these patches does not exceed 20 acres. Mr. du Moulin is an enthusiastic and ex perienced ugricuituri-t, ever ready to let at iroui others and profit by what lie sees, iiis heart is in bis work, the greater portion, if not all of which is d<>ne by himself ami his son. He has been settled for many years in this district, his form consisting, of over 400 acres, joining the land lie has rented from the Boisdale Estate. lie has always grown good crops, and though he modestly at tributes bis success to luck, I think it may more justly be put down to good manage ment, He told toe there are 4,000 acres in the Boisdale plain quite ub good,if not belter, than the land he rents. It struck me that this splendidly teriile land might be put to a much Letter and more profitable use than rattening cattle. What a beiutiful prospect it would present if dotted over with comfort able farm- steadings, nud divided into in numerable fields by tall hawthorn hedges. There are few spots in Victoria that can equal ii for depth and fertility of Soil, or for the milduess of its climate. Such seasons as the present are extremely rare, and do not occur above once in « quarter of a century. On my way back to the steading, which is situated on Mr. du Mouliu's farm, 1 waa shown a small plot of about two acres which' had been sown with cocksfoot. This laud was jBubkoded some years ago as an experi ment, and wficat wassowit on it. The crop which followed~wub folly 7ft. high. The cocksfoot grows 3ft, high in spring, and ap pears/fty stand heavily stockipg very well., Th£ awiig3s which are nekr at hand are' swarming with dingoes, and they are so during in their, raids, , on to the low lands that it is next to impos sible to i^enp sheep.' This is a great drawback; tis there is no better summer fat-, teuing land for sheep in the country. A small' lot oipets are kept at Mr. duMonhnV home stead, but tpey have to be very , carefully guarded day and night. So daring And fierce, are the dingoes that they will kill and put the. domestic dogs at the steadings if they can get nothing better. Hares are so numerous in' this neighbourhood that they are bepoming a nuisance, and occasionally the realdefits As semble for a battue, when' great, nqpibsrs are destroyed. On thelowToofhills thtft viae close to the house the soil is exbellentfor pasture, but far inferior for cultivation to tl\e alluvial soil of the fiat. Op this' fond Mf< du Montin has over it thousand .fine-grown live redgutn trees which are now becoming extremely valuable. The steading is a very unpretending one, but there is every con venience for the care of tbe stock ana farm implements. The lateBt addition to the. machinery is a four-borae portable engine, ' Which will be used for many purposes, but mainly this season for cutting up turns pld stacks of.wheat straw into chaff.. As Mr. du Mont|n cats his wheat early the straw is much better for feedibg stock tha&Vfhe; general run of whe'&t; Straw. " In tWeMfoa jof s^rpejind jfogrfornge ey^jthfag Serve as food for stock is of value. b test fa - the oool farmhouse extremely jplewapt after a tramp through the hot field. 