SINGLETON. DISCOVERY OF HUMAN REMAINS-On the 3rd instant, R H Mathews Esq , J P , held a magis terial inquiry at Rosedale, near Camberwell, respecting the discovery of some human remains found there by Mr Henry Nowland, when the following evidence was elicited -Henry Nowland deposed l am a graziei, and reside at Rosedale near Singleton, on the 1st instant I was out in the paddocks with two men, looking for wool of sheep that had died in the paddocks, when in a small creek, about half a mile from the homestead at about half past eleven o clock, I saw what I took to be a sheep's head a short distance from me, and, going up to it, I observed it was the skull of a human being, I then got off my horse, and picked the skull up and examined it, there was only the skull, as the lower jaw was not attached to it, I then called out to Samuel Irwin, one of the men who was with me, and holding up the skull in my hand, said to him, ' I think this must be the skull of a man," he replied that he had seen a bone lying there on a previous occasion, but he took no notice of it, as he did not know what it was, I also called the attention of William Green, another of my men to it , he looked round about the place, and found two other bones, we all looked about, but could see no more bones, the skull produced is the one I found, and the two bones, which I believe to be the humerus bones of a human being s arm, now produced are also those found by me and my men, I col lected the three bones together at the foot of an oak tree, near the bank of the creek, amd close to the spot wheee they were found, and left them there , I then reported the matter to the police at Singleton I am a native of this place, and have resided here the greater part of my life, and never heard of any person being missing ; I have heard my mother, who has resided here for more than fifty years, say that aboriginal natives used formerly to camp about this place ; having examined the skull I am of opinion that it is that of an aboriginal native of this colony, and that the person it belonged to has been dead for many years. Samuel Irwin and William Thomas Irwin gave evidence in corroboration of the former witness. Michael Moylan deposed : I am senior-sergeant of police stationed at Singleton ; yesterday, the 2nd instant, I received information from Mr. Henry Nowland that certain human remains had been found by him at Rosedale ; I communicated this informa- tion to the Coroner, and in company with the latter proceeded this morning to Rosedale ; two of Mr. Nowland's men, named Irwin and Green, pointed out to the Coroner and myself the skull of a human being and two long bones, which I believe to belong to a human arm ; this was about half a mile from Rosedale house ; on looking about on the bank of the little creek, Green and I found the jawbone of a human being, as well as several smaller bones ; I produce nil the bones to which I have referred ; I have carefully examined the skull on the outside and found no feature or mark of violence. Most of the teeth are still in the skull, but are a good deal worn, and appear to be those of an elderly person. From the appearance of the skull and the other bones I am of opinion that the person they belong to has been dead for several years, and that the bones have not been long exposed to the weather, but have been washed out of the bank of the creek, where they were found, during recent floods. At this stage the inquiry was adjourned for a fortnight to enable the police to obtain further information, if possible, to lead to the identification of the remains. THE RECENT FIRE.-The police have arrested an aboriginal named William Saunders on suspicion of having set fire to Messrs. Gould and King's saw- mill on Sunday morning last. The prisoner will be brought up at the police court on Tuesday next. THE WEATHER.-Hot and muggy weather has now prevailed for several days. Appearances denote that we are on the eve of a heavy rainfall. BUSH FIRES.-An extensive bush fire has been burning for the last two days towards Dochra and Rothbury. Should the dry weather continue doubt- less more bushfires will follow, as the long dry grass in the ringbarked country especially offers every encouragement for the rapid spread of fires. Singleton, 4th Feb., 1888. 