L o c a I and G e n e r a I. MR. FRENCH, storekeeper of the Eastern Railway, died last week. The deceased had been in the colony about two years. We leaves a large family to mourn his loss. An old man named Daniel Ryan, died in Fremantle prison last week of a cancer in the neck. An inquest was held on the body. The verdict of the coroner's jury, was in accordance with the medical testimony. MR. W. T. Loton, is the only candidate for the honor of representing the constituency of the Greenough, in the Legislative Council. He was asked by the electors of the Flats, to allow himself to be placed in nomination for the seat, and he has issued a manifesto setting forth his views on the different topics, which at present, agitate the public mind. Mr. Loton stands on Liberal principles, favours the immediate adoption of Responsible Government, and an elected. Upper House— though, as, regards the latter, he thinks the colony may be satisfied to accept the conditions lately telegraphed by Lord Knutsford. viz., that the Upper House be elected after six years, or on the population of the colony numbering 60,000 people. THROUGH the accidental explosion of a charge of dynamite, one miner was killed, and another seriously injured at Southern Cross, recently. The name of the man who met his death, was Thompson, and the wounded person goes by the sobriquet of "Joe." ON Thursday evening last, Mr. Horgan addressed the electors of the Canning, at the Cannington Hotel. The meeting, as well as according him an enthusiastic reception, passed a unanimous vote of confidence in the candidate. MR. PAMMENT, of the Freemasons' Hotel in Fremantle, was lately fined £5 and costs, for supplying a child, under the age of 14 years, with beer. It is only fair to Mr. Pamment, to state that the liquor was served without his knowledge, by one of his servants. IT is stated, that there now remains only nine miles of the great Southern Railway to be completed. These few miles will be completed in a few weeks, and it is proposed, we hear, to open the line through from Perth to Albany with some festivities, early in March next. THE schooner Airlie, owned by Messrs. Ferguson and Knight, and bound from Borneo for Fremantle with a cargo of coal, put in at the Ashburton on 15th inst., on fire. The crew were landed safely. But all eftorts to quench the flames proved fruitless, and the vessel was burned to the water's edge. The ship, which unfortunately for the owners was not insured, is said to have been worth £1,500. THOMAS HUGHES is now undergoing pun ishment, for recently attempting to escape from Fremantle gaol, in which he is con fined. For the offence, the prisoner was last week sentenced to one month's solitary confinement, and ordered to be placed on bread and water diet for a week. Hughes was informed by the magistrate who passed sentence on him, that the next time he attempted to escape, he would receive a flogging. A HORSE, which was attached to a cart, and had been left standing in front of a shop at Fremantle one day last week, took fright and galloped down one of the streets at a terrific pace. Before he had gone far, the animal's mad career was stopped by his coming into collision with a lamp- post, which he smashed, and which injured him so severely, that it was ex pected by the onlookers, that he should have eventually to be destroyed. A MAN named William Hamilton, of Jarrahdale, has just recovered from the effects of snake bites he recently received in both hands. In the Daily News, he describes his sufferings. He considers his recovery, in a large measure due to the skilful use of the knife by Mr. Archdeacon, and to injections of ammonia in both arms, aided by a plentiful supply of brandy, which he consumed in order to assist him, as he says, in the struggle for life or death. The following subscriptions have been received during the week : — Miss Hawkins, Kelmscott, 30-9-'88, 15s. ; Mr. Wiggett, Perth, 11s. 3d. ; Mr. Quinlan, Perth, 30-6-'88, 13s. 9d. ; Mr. Smeddles, Perth, 30-9-'88, 11s. 3d. ; Mr. Liddelow, Perth, 30-9-'88, 12s. 6d. ; The Rev. W. Treacy, Newcastle, 15s. ; Mr. Scott, Newcastle, 15s. ; Mr. Merry, Northam, 7s. 6d. ; Mr. Francis Travers, Australind, 6s. 3d. ; Mr James Doolan, Dardanup, £1 ; Mr. Costello senr., Bunbury, 7s. 6d. A LAD named Macey, got a sentence of six months' imprisonment, with hard labour, at the City Police Court on Thurs day, for being in the unlawful possession of some sweetmeats. If this youthful offender be sent to Fremantle gaol to do his time— as we infer he is to be, from the " with hard labour" attached to the sentence — it will be miraculous indeed, if he does not come out when the term expires, thoroughly instructed in the mysteries of some, by no means, honourable profession. At noon on Tuesday, the central part of the railway bridge at North Fremantle was discovered on fire. Soon a _ crowd from Mr. Pearse's boot factory in the vicinity, and other places, congregated, and after some hard work, the flames were put out by water, which was drawn by buckets from the river below. Had the fire not been discerned at the time it was, the damage done to the bridge would have been considerable, and perhaps an accident would have happened to the one o'clock train from Fremantle to Perth. As it was, this train had to be delayed an hour, in consequence of the mishap, before it could go to its destination. The fire is thought to have been occasioned by a spark, from one of the river steamers pass ing under the arch of the bridge, as it was in that particular spot the conflagration started. THE interesting letter of our correspondent at the Upper Ferguson, is unavoidably held over, together with other news. A SPECIAL session of the Criminal Court, will commence in Perth on 30th Januarv next, when John George Graham, George Howard, William Hills, Moody and Burgan, will be arraigned on a charge of murder. YESTERDAY was the second anniversary of the consecration of Dr. Gibney, as Bishop of Perth. On Sunday last, His Lordship requested his congregation to offer up prayers for him, when the anniversary day arrived, in order that God might pro tect him, and give him grace, to carry out faithfully, the duties of his office. No doubt, many of his spiritual children com plied with His Lordship's wish. An amusing incident recently occurred at an athletic contest in Sydney. Some suspicion was excited, in connection with a runner who had entered under a false name, for one of the handicap races. Previous to the race, he was requested by the superintendent of the ground, to accompany him to the stewards' booth, where he was examined, when it was found he was wearing false dark whiskers of the most approved "sideboard" pattern. They were removed ; still he defied recognition. Next his curly black wig was taken off, when he displayed a closely cropped head of a hue, quite different to his "sideboards" and " wig." With his "pencilled eyebrows," he still presented a strange contradiction, and for some time, remained undetected, until a friend, upon examining him, exclaimed aloud in surprise, "why it's so-and-so !" mentioning his proper name. The stewards decided, as he had not actually run in the race, not to punish him, and he was allowed to leave the ground. Need less to say, the stewards kept his "side boards" and "wig" as a memento of the ludicrous fraud. SINCE the Roebourne murders, four years ago, no deed of a more diabolical character than the late tragedy at Newcastle, has seen the light of day in this colony. The details of the recent outrage, which has caused a thrill of horror in the people of the Toodyay district, can be related in a few words. Mr. and Mrs. John Macpherson, the victims, were old colonists, and lived in the vicinity of the town of Newcastle. They had, in their employ ment, an old man named John Johnson, better known as "Yorky" Johnson ; and on the morning of the 16th inst., Mr. Macpherson reproved the old man for gross misconduct, of which he had been guilty, and sent him away. This presumably nettled Johnson, and instigated him to the commission of an act of revenge, for, on the night of the same day, at the hour of eleven o'clock, when all were in bed, he returned, broke into the house, and proceeded to lay violent hands on the first of the inmates, he came across, Miss Macpherson, a girl of about fourteen years of age. The child screamed loudly, and the mother, alarmed by her cries, ran to her assistance, only, however, to be, after a hard fight, struck down and brutally battered about the head, till life had departed, by the cowardly assassin. Mr. Macpherson, who had in the meantime, come to rescue his wife from the hands of the murderer, was shot in the side of the face, and afterwards beaten about the head with the musket, in the same horrible manner as was the previous victim. Upon the little boy, who was in the ad joining room, shouting with fright, Johnson dealt him several blows with his gun, and, leaving him for dead, decamped. While this shocking tragedy was being enacted, Miss Macpherson managed to escape from the house, and she acquainted some neighbours, as to what had occurred. The police were quickly on the scene, and found the husband and wife dead, and the little boy in a hopeless condition. Assis ted by a number of the settlers, they at once gave chase to the murderer. On Thursday, they found his dog tied to a tree, and they also came across a broken gun — the one probably, which had assisted him to complete his fiendish work. On the following Saturday, at a spot about 18 miles from Newcastle, they came across his body! He had apparently committed suicide. He was shot through the chin, and the gun, by which the final act in the dismal drama had been brought to a close, was lying across his breast. As it subsequently came to light, he had purchased the weapon on the day before, for £5, from one of the settlers. Latest accounts from Newcastle, state that some hopes of the recovery of the boy Macpherson, are entertained. A LETTER for Mr. Henry Brown is lying at this office. SATURDAY next, January 26, will be observ ed as a Bank and general holiday, in honor of the foundation of Australia. THE favorite trader, Helena Mena, cleared at the Customs on Tuesday last, for London. She takes home 2,235 bales of wool, together with a large consignment of sundries. IN the Fremantle harbour last week, in consequence of a lighter, laden with cargo from a ship, striking on a sand bank and filling with water, a large quantity of sugar — something like 420 bags — was des troyed. The sugar belonged to Messrs. Padbury, Loton, and Co., of Perth. DURING the past week, the telegraph line — upward of one thousand miles in length— con necting Roebourne with Derby, has been completed and opened. On Saturday last, an exchange of felicitations on the important event, took place between His Excellency the Governor, and the Government Resident, at Derby, Dr. Lovegrove. BEYOND the opening of the Victoria public Library(in the W. A. Bank old premises), on Saturday afternoon next, at 2 p.m., the 26th of January, which has been set apart as a holiday in honour of the founding of Aus tralia, the day will have no very great public recognition. A regatta, which was to have been held at the port on that date, by the Fremantle Yacht Club, has been postponed in consequence of very little interest being taken in the matter, by the owners of boats. AT the Rink in the Town Hall on Saturday evening last, there was an unusually large at tendance. The drawing on the art-union principle, for a buggy mare, valued at ten pounds, which was given by Prof. Webb, fell to ticket No. 73, which was held by Miss Heuston. This afternoon, Prof. Webb has invited the inmates of the orphanages, together with those of the Invalid Depot, to spend an hour or two at the Rink. YESTERDAY the Perth election tooks place. There was little excitement, and everything passed off in a manner highly creditable, to the citizens of Perth. Not even the sem blancy of a row occurred, during the whole day ; on the other hand, it is pleasing to say, exhibitions of good feeling amongst oppon ents was everywhere apparent. The result of the elections has taken many by surprise. It was expected that Mr. Horgan, after his faithful service at the last session, would be returned over the other candidates, by an overwhelming majority. But Mr. Horgan, as will be seen from the account of the polling given below, was beaten by a small number of votes. His defeat, however, was occasioned, not through the voice of the citi zens being against him, but by the proxy votes of the propertied class, who live in the country districts. Dr. Scott had the honour of being placed at the head of the poll. The number of votes he secured was 452 ; Mr Keane came next with 422 ; the number recorded for Mr. Horgan was 417 ; while Mr. Traylen succeeded in getting only 241. We learn that 221 "plumpers," were given for Mr. Horgan, 62 for Dr. Scott, 57 for Mr. Traylen, and 48 for Mr. Keane. After the declaration of the poll, the electors were addressed by both of the defeated candidates — the suc cessful ones being unable to return, thanks in consequence of cries for "Horgan" — and the assemblage quietly dispersed. THERE comes to us by telegraph from Geraldton, intelligence which will assuredly be, to not a few of our readers, very regrettable news. On Wednesday, 16th inst., an accident of a terrible character, resulting fatally, befell a lady who was well known and deeply respected in many parts of the colony — we allude to Mrs. John Morrissey of Mount Erin, and formerly of Yarragadee in the Irwin district. It would appear, from the scant information to hand, that on the day mentioned, Mrs. Morrissey was engaged in burning some rubbish in the yard adjacent to her residence. By an unfortunate accident, her light summer dress came in contact with the blaze. No one, it seems, was near. The result can be imagined. In a few moments, the poor woman was enveloped in flames, which, sad to relate, could not be ex tinguished until fatal injury had been done. Mrs. Morrissey, despite all that medical skill could do, and after suffering the most agonizing pain, succumbed the next day to the burns which she had received. Father Brereton, we have reason to believe, attended her in her dying moments, fortifying her with the rites of the Catholic Church, of which, it is almost unnecessary to add, she was a dutiful member. Scarcely three years have passed, since the niece of Mrs. Morris sey, Miss Lizzie Williams of Willow Gully, a young lady esteemed by all who knew her, met her death in a similar manner, through bravely assisting to put out a bush-fire which threatened her father's homestead. It is the lot of the same large body of relatives, to have the wounds occasioned by their former grief, torn open by this new calamity. May they be enabled to bear with fortitude, the later, and equally distressing visita tion. Mrs. Morrissey leaves a large family to mourn the irreparable loss they have sustained, by the untimely demise of the one dearest to them on earth. Two of her daughters were in the Perth convent when the news came— the saddest of all news for them— of their mother's death. Our Catholic readers are not unmindful, we are sure, of the duty they owe to the faithful departed. They know that "it is a holy and wholesome thought to pray for the dead," and we do not think they will forget our deceased friend, who was called out of life so suddenly, in their supplications to the Divine Throne. 