THE SKETCHER On the Flinders. MARATHON STATION. BY "YARRA." [WRITTEN FOR THE QUEENSLANDER.] When travelling from the Croydon gold field I recently had the opportunity of visiting Marathon, the splendid property of Messrs. A. W. and J. Robertson, of Melbourne. Marathon with Moselle Downs—now workod together aa one station, and managed by Mr. W. B. Bartlam—contains about 1100 square miles, of whioh 7650 aores are freehold. It became the property of the present owners about ten years ago, and is situated on the Upper Flinders River, about fifty miles below Hughenden; the main road from Hughenden, the present terminus of the Northern Railway, to the Olonourry and Croydon goldfields passing close to the head station. The oountry is mostly high open downs, thickly grassed with Mitchell, blue, and Flinders grasses, studded With pebbly ridges lightly timbered with white wood and bimerab, the river frontage being heavily timbered with good useful timber for building and fencing purposes. There are now eighteen paddocks containing together an area of about 380,000 aores enoloeed by substantial sheep-proof fencing, and it is a pleasure to Bee fencing kept in such admirable repair. Some of this, whioh Mr. Bartlam informed me waa erected last year, struck me as being the most suitable sheep fence I have seen for this country where timber is scarce, carriage expensive, and bush-fires prevalent. There are 110 boree posts 4in. in diameter and 330 iron standards 1 Jin. by *}in. to the mile. The boree posts are sunk 2ft. in the ground (strainers 3ft.), and the iron stan dards, 12ft. apart, are driven with a sledge hammer 18in. into the ground. The standards are punched for six wires. This fence oost £38 Kr mile, and the boree posts had to be carted >m twenty to twenty-five miles. I expect to see fencing of this olass largely adopted on the Downs sheep stations where timber is so scarce. All the paddocks, except those on the Flinders frontage, whioh have permanent holes, are watered by dams from whioh an enormous amount of earth has been exoavated. In each case the earth exoavated has been used to form a substantial embankment storing a large amount of water above the excavation. All these dams have been well-constructed, and the sites chosen with great judgment, which is proved by the fact tnat they withstood the severe tests of the heavy 1883 floods, the highest recorded on the Flinders, when so many dams in the district were lost. Two of these have had no water put in them since February, 1888, now eighteen months ago. Notwithstanding this they had, when I saw them, one 13ft. and the other 9ft. of water in the excavation, and this after carrying 20,000 ■heep through the whole of the late drought. Looking at the luxuriant pasture in these pad docks one oould hardly understand that the oountry had been in such a dreadful state before the April rains, whioh though good grass showers were not heavy or continuous enough to run the watercourses on which these dams are situated. The main creek, whioh runs right through Moselle in a north-westerly direction, was fortunately flooded by a big fall of rain at the head some thirty miles away, whioh filled the overshot dams whioh are situated on it. These are worthy of more than a panwng notice; they are splendid pieces of work. The banks have been solidly constructed of earth and faced from end to end with large blocks of stone quarried in the vicinity; aa a further safeguard the bywashes have been ■eoured from cutting away during heavy floods by a good covering of shingle. Theso dams baok np the water for over two miles with a depth varying from 14ft. to 3ft.; they are evi dently a great success. About three miles from the head-station and aonvenient to four or five paddocks, I saw a recently-erected set of drafting yards, whioh are admirably suited to this dusty oountry. All the outer fencing is of ten wires on boree posts, and the inner fenoes of wire netting on three wires, the forcing and cheok pens only being constructed of posts and rails. This plan, by allowing the wind to blow freely through and keep the yards free from dust, proves vastly superior to stub or drop fenoing, besides being oheaper, and I believe it is Mr. Bartlam's in tention to construct his yards on this model in future. The homestead is situated in a hollow close to one of the billabongs of the Flinders, and it ia a thouaand pities that a higher site was not originally chosen, the late big floods having oome unpleasantly close to the lovely garden surrounding tbe house, whioh is the oldest in the district. The present site is, however, pioturesque and convenient to a permanent waterhole. The house has recently been im proved and added to, and is now extremely comfortable. It is constructed of weatherboard, with a double roof of iron over shingles. Between the main building and the spare bed rooms, and. connecting them, is a bush-house completely latticed in and covered with vines and native creepers, whioh proteot a choice col lection of orchids and ferns, mostly from the Johnstone River. The roomy verandas are also latticed in and covered with creepers, and besides greatly adding to its beauty render the house delightfully cool during the hot summer months. The garden surrounding the house is most tastefully laid out with fruit and ornamental trees, and shows what irrigation can accomplish on the rich soil of the Western Downs. This garden was started only two years ago, and yet lere oan now be seen orange trees in fruit and others a mass of blossom, the delicious perfume from whioh could be scented from a great dis tanoe on the warm evenings after sunset, and it is evident that the citrus tribe thrive to per fection here. The grape vines, passion fruit, and mulberries seem to thrive equally well, and certainly repay the trouble expended on them. There are also some handsome specimens of the oleander, bauhinia. and poinciana regia, and Mrs. Bartlam has always a plentiful supply of pinks, petunias, phloxes, geraniums, and other flowers for table decoration. The homestead buildings are on three sides of a hollow square. The house, kitchen, and bachelors' quarters are in a line near the billa bong. In another line, parallel with this and on a ridge, are the store, office, implement shed, and workshops. Connecting the ex tremities of these two lines are the men's hut, butcher's shop, fowlhouse, and blacks' camp. I may remark that the consideration shown to the blacks in providing them with comfortable quarters and good rations, combined with firm and gentle treatment, has been productive of good results, and it was indeed hard to believe that the smart-looking boys and the equally intelligent gins wero of the same raco as I have seen in other places on the Flinders River where the blacks congregate. I believe, however, they all belong to the once powerful Telebra tribe, now fast disappearing before the onward maroh of civilisation. All the buildings are covered with refrigerating paint, whioh not only reduces the temperature but gives a olean and neat appearanoe to the homestead. An abun dant supply of water is laid on all over the garden, house, and other buildings; it is obtained from tho billabong, from whioh it iB forced by means of a Douglas pump worked by a large Althouse windmill. I oould not help noticing the extreme neat ness and order prevailing over the whole establishment, all implements, waggons, drays, and buggies being in thorough repair and kept under cover, a point too often neglected in this climate, bo ruinous to plant of every descrip tion. All harness and saddlery, of whioh there seems to be an adequate supply, ia kept in a harness-room, and well oiled, clean, and in perfect repair. A good substantial stock yard stands a short distance from these buildings, and when the horses were run up in the morning I was pleased to see suoh a nsef ul well-conditioned lot of station hacks, most of them the progeny of Euchre (who died a couple of months ago); and here the care of saddlery showed itself, I not notioing a single sore baoked horse in the yard, a sight too seldom enjoyed in Queensland yards, I regret to say. In the stable close by stood Euchre Ts successor, the recent importation from South Australia, Emulate. This horse was bred by Messrs. Oerrard and Jordan, foaled in 1885 ; he is by Emulation from Vibration; Vibration by Talk o' the Hills from Ordeal, by Touohstone; Emulation, by Conrad 11. from Proserpine, by Lucifer II.; her dam Britannia, by Melbourne from Boadieea, by Gladiator. It will thus be seen that hia breeding could scarcely be sur- Eassed ; he is a magnificent animal, dark bay, as a beautiful temper, stands 10.3, and though massively formed is a thoroughbred all over, and should prove a most valuable station sire. Shearing was in full swing, and there were about 100,000 sheep to be shorn. The courteous manager gave me every facility for closely inspecting the sheep, and this was most interesting. The rams used at Marathon have beon imported from the now celebrated Gun bower (Viotoria) stud. This flock was formerly owned by Mr. E. W. Pitts, The Levels, S.A., and passed into the hands of Mr. Salathiel Booth, who has brought them, at their new home at Gunbower, to a very high state of perfection. The progeny of these sheep have large symmetrical frames, good constitutions, and are heavily woolled with a fleece of robust combing wool, and thrive ad mirably in this climate. The fleeces out were fairly olean, and muoh larger than I expeoted to see, and, though not so fine in quality as those out by many other stations in the dis triot, there oan be no doubt bnt what they shear a very large average weight and give a handsome return per head. It is noticeable that the fleeoes on imported sheep have a ten dency to get finer by removal to this climate from the Southern colony. Sheep which at Gunbower produce the strong wool for whioh that flock is so well known will after a time in this climate produoe a slightly finer fibre. There is, however, a very decided Booth type in the young Marathon sheep, and it must be gratifying to the proprietors to see the sires so well transmit their valuable qualities to their progeny. The flock is now being very carefully classed, and the young sheep show in a marked degree the effects of this care—they are won derfully even in type, and are evidently rapidly improving, and will in a short time take a pro minent position amongst strong-woolled flocks. A stud flock has recently been formed with drafts from the Momalong, Gunbower, and Midkin stud flocks, all of whioh are of the same descent and type. This year most of the clip waa to be scoured. The wool-scour is situated about two miles from the shed at the junction of Walker's Creek with the Flinders; here there is a very complete plant, which includes one of Scott's patent wool-washing machines, manufactured by Wright and Edwards, Melbourne, driven by an 8-horse power portable engine, whioh also drives a centrifugal wringer. This by rapidly extracting the water enables the wool to be dried ready for pressing after only a short ex posure to the sun on the drying green. From the drying green the wool is carried to a com modious wool-room fitted with large bins, where it remains till it is pre&sed; and finally dumped by hydraulio power. Before going into the maohine the wool is soaked for about half an hour in blood-warm water, to which a very small quantity of soft soap has been added. For this purpose a 400-gallon tank out in half has been used, and the wool is taken from the soak tank and fed to the maohine with an ordi nary gardening fork, the wool in half of the tank always soaking while that in the other is being forked into the machine; and this method of giving the wool extra soaking at a moderate temperature iB clearly a step in the right direc tion. Excellent work was being turned out at the rate of twenty bales per day; the wool was free from seed, bright, and soft to the band, and, though thoroughly washed, had still plenty of nature left in it. All the soft-soap used was made en the station. The break in a hitherto monotonous Journey whioh this stay gave me was thoroughly en joyable. The cool clear winter here is delight ful. Through Mr. Bartlam's kindness and hospitality I had some good shooting ; and I think it is a pity that this magnificent country is not more widely known and more generally Bpoken of in th) Sonth; most of it is, however, owned by Victorians. The northern portion of these great Western Downs will yet take a prominent position amongst the wool-producing countries ef the world, and it cannot be doubted that with favourable seasons the enterprising capitalists who have laid out suoh vast Bums of money on the improvement of these large sheep properties, and persevered in the face of so many difficulties, will be rewarded with the success they bo richly deserve. 