NORTHAM NOTES. (FBOX A CORRESPONDENT.) Our Agricultural Society held its first quarterly meeting on Saturday last. There Was á good attendance, and several new members were admitted. Mr. Throssell read a paper on "Fruit Culture, and its importance in connection with the farm," upon which an animated and intelligent discussion took place. Mr. Thros- sell, in dwelling upon tbe importance to stealth and economy of the plentiful supply of fruit, in Benson, pointed out that while there had been a marked progress daring the past few years, yet thcro wera many old homesteads of 25 and 50 years' standing where no attempt had been mado to grow a wine or fig tree, and he drew a foictblo com- parison'between the position and lives of those who went in for a garden and orchard in connection with their farms and those who did not. He strongly recommended that tbs Northam Society should take a higher stand than similar societies bad hitherto done in the colony, and that an effort should be made to make the Sooiety an educational medium upon all matters properly earning within its scope. It was finally decided that an annual exhibition of fruits, flowers, vegetables, local-made jams, piokles, &o;, Bhould be hold in connection with the Sooiety. The,profits of fruit culture, the manner of preparing the land, the kind of trees and the nnmber to the aero were all dwelt upon, and as many practical and successful growers were present, more than usual interest wss evinced in the disoussion. 1 have no doubt next February will see such an exhibition of fruits as will surprise many old residents who pin their faith almost exclusively to the production of cereals. The seoond subject deaH with at this meeting, was "Bush fires, their cause and prevention," introduced by Mr. Dempster. Here again Was a subject on whioh every ene present took an intelligent interest, and made many valuable suggestions. After a long debate it was ultimately agreed that among many'causes for bush'fires,' the corless use of Taadstickor matches stands chief, and it was recommended that the Government'bo asked to oonsider the advisability of prohibiting the importation of other than the patent safety match ; also that in all oases bush firee, re- sulting in 'the loss of property of any kind, similar magisterial investigation should tajea placeas now obtains in'the case of fires in ?owner-""-? -" ---*? ~-* Had time permitted, the labour question "waa to have been' discussed aid the promo tionof.Djstrict Boards under the nomination system recommended. This and other sub- jects'of interest, such as the adoption of an agricultural paper, experimental farms, ham and bacon curing, and the bonus system, will bs brought; forward at the next meeting' of the sooiety, whioh is now fairly launched upon ./what appears to be a most useful career,-and under the manapfemeafc-of. ita energetic hon. secretary, Dr. Dunlop, and his 'fellow offioers, bids fair to take a premier position. DETENTION OP TRAINS. . (Serions inconvenience to passengers and the general public ooours by the detentionrof trains at Spencer's Brook station, and I have been repeatedly asked to call attonfien to tbe matter. < Passengers aro frequently kept half an hour while trains aro being shunted, or aa ono irate passenger put it, "humbugged about." This dolay renders lato delivery of the mails unavoidable, and dozens of farmers and others are kept waiting in town for their letters. ''As winter approaches, this delay will be attended with the still greater incon venienoo of long rides in the dark and rain of winter nights. Tuo blessings called down upon the heads of those answerable for this annoying state of things are both loud and deep. Our trains have but six miles to travel, while that to York has 20. Yet the York mail reaches its destination before that for Northam. Our local officials are in no way to'blamo for this, and as Mr. Roberta' attention his been oalled t? tho matter we may look for an immediate amendment. CHUBCH MATTERS. . Some time this month our clergyman, the Rev.;T. Kemm, is leaving tho district, where he has been located for the past five years, Before his departure I loam that »t is in contemplation to entertain the reverend gentleman and Mrs. Kemm at a farnell pnb lio ball, to be held in Host Slater's large room, kindly given for the ocoasion. Tho objeot of the ball is not only to afford an op- portunity to the publio of testifying their respect for Mr. Kemm, but also to enable the promoters to raise money in aid of the local atipendrfund, whioh has fallen considerably in arrear. The matter (has bean taken up warmly by Mr. A. Madden, bon. Bec to St. Johns Vestry, assisted of coursa by Mrs. Madden and other friends, with characteristic kindness and energy, and no doubt will meet with the success such an undertaking de .serves. Of course there are in this district, as in others, many worthy old fashioned churoh people who soo ia this mode of enter- taining a clergyman and raising money for his salary, muoh that is objectionable, being calculated, they assert, to bring both churoh and pastor into disrespeot. While oonceding that , snob, objectors have a right to their opinions, it does not ia the least detraot from the kindness of heart which has moved the pro- moters to take up the work. Besides a ball it is urged affords the readiest mode that presents itself for raising money, many people being willing to subscribe in this manner who posi- tively refuse te give direotly to the stipend fand,' preferring, it would .almost seem, to see,'the pastor rednoed to the position of . Goldsmith's model parson, who was, we, are *°1* Ta. - . K - ,J , " passing rieh at forty pounds a year.1' It seems to me most .regrettable that some better system is not adopted .than at present obtains for securing the regular payment to the conntay pastor of the paltry salary he ia led to suppose be is to reo«ve. What oan be more humiliating to a gentleman of proper feeling'than to be compelled te canvas his parishioners for his own salary. Yet I regret to say that such is the case in this parish. What wonder, then, that those friendo who are anxious to see the minister paid his salary are driven to the necessity of raising some portion of it by means of a>publio ball. It seems to me the objectors to this course have tho:remedy in their own hands by subscrib- ing directly to,the stipend fund, 'and so prevent the necessity complained of by the other' side. - Northam, April 6. 