The Commissioner of Crown Lands for South Australia, Mr W. COPLEY, M.L.C., has just returned from a month’s travel in New Zealand, made with a view of enquiring fully into the working of “ the homestead block ” system in the colony of islands. For such an enquiry Mr Copley is admirably fitted. Himself a farmer, with wide practical experience, he is also a man who would scorn to take a holiday at his country’s ex pense, under the excuse of political business. Mr Copley’s agricultural knowledge, his deep and active, sym pathy with the agricultural interest in general, and his unquestioned sagacity and integrity, secured for him the position of a member of the Legis lature, and led, without doubt, to his being nominated to the position of Minister of Lands. No better man could therefore have been chosen to the task of reporting upon the home stead block system, and estimating how far that system might be advan tageously copied in South Australia or elsewhere. Our Western neighbor has for several years possessed a system under which twenty- acre blocks of land are surveyed in groups and thrown open under very easy con ditions to the working man, the occu pants being tersely known as “blockers.” Of the practical working of this system opinions vary. Success is claimed, ap parently reasonably, here and there, but on' the other hand complaints are many. The latter are mainly that the blocks are infertile- or unsuitable, or that they are too far from centres of population to be suitable to the true working man. It has been suggested that the Government should buy out proprietors of ricii sections near to the principal towns and put “ blockers” in possession, also that there should be easy means whereby the occupant of a block might acquire the free hold of it. Neither proposal has as yet been entertained, but, as there is a persistent agitation going on, it might have appeared to the South Australian Government that some amendment of the law would be forced upon them, and as New Zealand has worked the homestead biock system to a considerable extent and with much success, the Minister wisely turned his steps there for fuller information. Mr Copley finds that in New Zea land, as in his own colony, the block system is not invariably a success. He personally inspected areas of all kinds, put himself into communication with the block-holders, and got a quantity of information from land officials. Upon his return lie finds himself in possession of masses of evi dence and of figures, which will need sifting and classifying before he can report at large. At present he -can only generalise, but even so he tells us much. Block-holding is, he thinks, a good thing under certain conditions. The land must be of fairly good quality, must be within practicable reach of a market for small lots of produce, and must have, also near at hand, a market for occasional labor. Last, but not least, the block-holders must be men of the. right stamp or the net result will be failure. These views, coming from an honest and capable ex pert, will needs carry great weight, and the South Australian Parliament will have to consider whether their “block” system can be extended within these lines. The system was introduced there mainly through the action of a few fervent philanthropists, who held that all that was wanted to clear the market of surplus labor, and drive idleness and poverty away from the province, was simply the survey of enough twenty acre blocks. A few areas thus cut up, where soil and climate are favorable, and a market handy, are claimed to have succeeded very well. Others, and as we- under stand, the majority of these groups of blocks, have been too or too for: away, and men found they, could neither make a living on the twenty acres, nor get other employ ment within practicable distance. This is exactly what will be supposed in view of what Mr Copley puts forward as the essential conditions of success. The moral of it all seems to be this— that the homestead' block system can be worked to great advantage within moderate limits and under certain indispensable conditions, but that the high-flown expectations of its more fervent advocates are quite illusory. A practical and shrewd- observer,- Mr Copley saw other things in New Zealand which set him pondering. That colony prohibits the importation of grapes, yet makes a ’ poor hand at growing them. How poor may be guessed, .when grapes scarcely market able in Melbourne or Adelaide fetch Is per lb in Auckland and 2s 6d or 3s per lb on the West Coast. Splendid grapes might be landed in New Zealand from South Australia or Victoria at a cost not exceeding two pence or at most threepence. Then the islanders have placed exorbitant duties on Australian wines. ■ So high that they are actually making wine from hot-house grapes. They cannot make enough to supply lo.cal demands, and wliat they do make is a poor sort of rail ordinaire, nothing better being, of course, to be expected. Mr Copley naturally suggested to some New Zealand politicians that a measure of commercial reciprocity might be intro duced with advantage. New Zea land could send us oats and timber, and we could pay them in fruit and wine. Some in fiuential men expressed a cautiously guarded opinion that such reciprocity would be a good thing, irrespective of any full fledged federation. But New Zealanders have a suspicious misgiving that, in any fiscal bargains with the continental colonies, they would be sure to be overmatched, and so find themselves on the losing side. It is even said that the only federation they would consent to is a general one’ of all English speaking peoples, because they might enter such an .one and still retain their national independence! Like other travellers, Mr Copley saw much to admire in the magnificent natural- forests of New Zealand. The woods are beautiful and valuable, and one company is erecting a big plant with a view of pushing an Australian trade. It is apparently not supposed that a Federated Aus tralia might place a heavy import duty on New Zealand timber in order to promote the value of the splendid forests of Queensland, Western Aus tralia, and Tasmania. The dimensions of the frosen meat trade fairly aston ished him, and he sees in this a re liable element of the far-reaching national prosperity. No doubt New Zealand will progress and thrive out side the federation, but she may yet see cause to believe that she would thrive far better within it. An absolute unique confession appears in the nar rative furnished by an able pressman who accompanied Mr CoPLEr on his tour. It was that the Minister missed all the more magnificent scenery, be cause to have visited it®*would have interfered with the special object of his trip. Business in the share market last week was extremely dull, very little exchange taking place, with a great deal of fluctuation in rates. The cur tailment of business on Friday to attend the local regatta, and the early adjournment on Saturday in conse quence of the death of Mr John Hickman, helped to increase the general dulness. In view of the returns obtained from the gold giving mines, and the promising prospects of many of the pro gressive companies, numbers of per sons express surprise that there is not a larger amount of investment. On the Plateau the results in many instances are very satisfactory, and there are also very cheering prospects at the Redan and in Ballarat East. The Star of the East mine continues to yield well, with shares held for £l5, and on the strength of that company’s return the South Star stock went up to 275, but at the close of the week r.eceded to 23s 6d. The Sir Henry Loch obtained the excellent return of 318 oz 8 dwt from 556 tons of stone ; and the New Kohinoor, from 582 tons, obtained 133 oz. The North Band and Barton’s returns, at present, are somewhat weaker than usual. In Ballarat East, considerable improve ment is visible. In the Britannia United, the lode is again increasing in the 560 feet level north ; and there is also an improvement in the Last Chance mine. The fortnight’s crush ing of 510 tons in the latter mine yielded 182 oz. The Sulieman Pasha mine is yielding exceedingly well, and a lengthy continuance of good returns is expected. The Eastern Star Freehold mine is opening up well. We note that sloping and driving on the lode are being carried on vigorously, and that the main crosscut is still carrying a fine body of gold-bearing, stone. Crushing will be commenced in the course of a few days. The last crush ing of 65 tons gave a return of 29 oz 6 dwt, equal to 9 dwt to the ton, and under the circumstances the management are very sanguine as to the future of the mine. The Dalzell-cum-Prince Regent Com pany for the fortnight obtained 205 oz 18 dwt, and there is a good deal of life now shown in the mining opera tions along the White Horse Ranges. The Temperance Company’s stock is attracting a good deal of notice. During the past week a special survey of the trend of the quartz lodes on, and south of, the Sebastopol Plateau, was made by Messrs Davidson and Sheeran, and a full plan of the locality indicated will shortly be issued. The datum point for the Guiding Star line was fixed at the point over the 1000 feet' level of the No. 2 Star shaft. Taking the general bearings of the western lodes they should cross the East Bon shaw adjacent to the rich alluvial workings of former days. Black Horse United and Egerton stocks keep pretty firm, but Kangaroo Extended and Parker’s United weakened at the close of the week. Berry Consols changed hands up to £l3, and Berry No. 1 at 91s. Earl Beaconsfield were quiet, and Hepburn Estate had occasional transactions at fluctuating rates. MidaP No. 1 improved to 2s 9d owing to good news from the mine, but de clined at the close of the week. The Chalks’ group were comparatively quiet, but Chalk’s No. 1 sold on Satur day from 28s 6d to 27s 6d. A few in vestment stocks furnished some trans actions. During the past week the following dividends were declared:— Berry Consols, 3s; Llauberris, 3s. The news of the death of the Mayor of the City (Cr John Hickman), at the compara tively early age of 53 years, created both .surprise and deep regret in the city when it bicune known on Saturday. . For some few weeks past he had been seriously ill, hnt his speedy death was not looked for. On Friday, however, he tool: a very mnrked change for the worse, and died shortly before, noon on Saturday. He was a prominent public mnn in every sense of the word,' and most ener getic in all he undertook on behalf of the public. A brief sketch of his career will he found elsewhere in The Star, and in our advertising columns particulars will be found concerning the arrangements for the funeral, which will be a public oue. The heat on Saturday nud yesterday was intense. 0q Saturday S9 deg. was regis tered in the shade, ami 150 deg. in the sun. Yesterday the'records were not, so high, hut the heat was more oppressive. Heavy rain fell lust nightshortly after 11 o’clock. Owing to the bushfires on Friday, an unoccupied dwelling house and stable, owned by Mrs Davies, at Green Hill, were burnt, together with a quantity of grasß anil fencing. As the property was uninsured, Mrs Davies, who is a widow, will be a heavy loser. When the case of James Johnston was called on at the City Police Court on Satur day morning, it was decided to further remand him until the inquest. Dr Jordan stated that the prisoner might be brought to the court, but it would be cruelty, and the' bench accordingly i emended him. The adjourned inquests on Mrs Johnston and her children will take place on Wednesday next, and it is probable that they will be adjourned to the Supreme Court buildings, in order that the prisoner will not have to be removed far from the gaol. The en quiries will be conducted by Mr Garnett, Crown Prosecutor. The Juvenile Exhibition was well patron ised on Saturday. Mr S. J. Whiteley, assistant- machinist at The Slar office, was instrumental in pre venting a fire ou Saturday night. While sitting in front of the house where he re sides he heard a Mr Jones, who lives at the corner of Morrcs ami Princes Btreets, calling out that liis place was on fire. Mr Whiteley at once ran across, and with some little difficulty gained an entrance. He found that the bedclothes in one of the rooms were burning, and very promptly removed them and extinguished the flames. Had it not been for his promptitude there can be little doubt the house would have been burnt down. It is supposed that Jones, in searching about the bed with a candle, set fire to the clothes. A man named. John Wilson, aged 45 years, was lodged in the Town lockup yesterday by Con-table Morrison on two serious charg“S—l, criminally ill-using a little girl, aged six years, named Adeline Shepperd, daughter of Mr Shepperd, painter and decorator; and (2) indecently nssaultiug the said Adeline Shepperd. It appears that the child was playing at the Eastern Oval about 10 o’clock in ihn forenoon, when the accus' and accosted her and endeavored to induce her to accompany him to an unfrequented part of the grounds. The girl not complying with the request, Wilson, it is alleged, seized her and dragged her under a tree, where the assault was committed. Two young men, named Samuel Whiteley and John Brimblc, heard the screams of the child, and on entering the Oval to ascertain the cause of the little girl’s trouble they saw Wilson runuing away. They gave chase, and after a smart run they came up with the man in Huniffray street. He was then given .into the custody of Constable Mor rison, who was summoned from Bridge street. On being searched at the lockup a bag of lollies and a box of ointment were found in Wilson’s pockets. The prisoner, who is evidently a swagman, will be brought before the magistrates this morning, when Mr Sub-inspector Hamilton will apply for a remand of thn case. The body of a Chinaman named Shin Lee Was yesterday found on vacant ground at the rear of the Red Lion hotel, Main road, by a miner named John Wise. Death is supposed to be due to natural causes. Shin Lee, who was C3 years of age, was of the rag-picking class. An enquiry will be held to-day. Before being found by Mr Wise, the body w as observed by several fpllow-countrymen of the deceased, all of whom passed on fearing that if they touched the remains bad luck would attend them during the year. The body was conveyed to the Town Police Camp pending a post-mortem examination. Mr P. Morgan, a resident, of Park street, whilst in his garden on Friday night, ob served a brilliant light in his child’s bed room. He at once rushed in, and was just in time to prevent a fire that would have destroyed his dwelling, and might have resulted in burning the child. The candle used by the youngster, who was fast asleep, had been placed ton near the bed cnrtainß, which had c>ught fir», and, with the bed clothes, w-re burning fi-rc-ly. Mr Morgan first removed the child to a place of safety, and then extinguished the fire after about £lO worth of damage was done. To- morrow, the nnnual Fire Brigades’ Demonstration will commence at Mary borough with the customary torchlight pro cession. In the contests which commence on Wednesday the three local brigades will be represented. An advertisement of in terest to the Ballarat Brigade will be found in another column. The Ballarat Agricultural and Pastoral Society.committee held their usual monthly meeting on Saturday, at Craig’s hotel, air G- G. Morton, president, occupied the chair. A circular letter was received from Mr Samuel Trethowan, of Nathalia, stating that the conference in reference to the locust peßt would he held in Melbourne on Friday, 20th March, and requesting that, the Ballarat Agricultural and Pastoral So ciety should be represented. The president ngreed to attend the conference on behalf of the society. The following donations were received:—Sir Samuel Wilson, per Mr J. Fisken, £5; executor late J. Ritchie, Pens hurst, £5. The hon. architect, Mr W. Brazenor, submitted plans and sketch draw ings of proposed alterations and additions to the accommodation at the society’s yards. The estimated cost of the additions was put down at £493 6>. The president stated that nothing hail been included in the schedule that was not absolutely required. The plans were approved of, and it was resolved to recommend them to the incoming com mittee with the view of hnving them carried out. Accounts amounting to £l7ll“Sd were passed for payment, and the committee ad journed. There were eight prisoners in the Town lock-up last night, four of the number being charged with insulting hehavior. They were arrested hy Senior Constable Love and Plainclothes Constables M'Pherson and Serpell. A committee meeting of the Mineowners’ Association was held on Friday last, at the Mechanics' Institute. Present—The presi dent (Hon’.’ Henry Gore), in the chair, Messrs Bivkett, Fitzpatrick, Murrell, Par kin. and Rawlings. The delegates to the f-deration of the Mineowners’ Association Conference reported having attended the adjourned conference held nt the White Hart hotel, Melbourne, on the 21st ultimo The conference agreed, subject to tho ap proval of the associations represented, to form a union under the style of the Federated Mineowners’ Association of Vie t rin. Rules were adopted; the first execn tive council to consist of the Hon. H. Gore (president); Mr W. J. Barton, of Melbourne (vice president); Mr Thomas Richards, of Billnrat (-ecretary); and Messrs P. Gal braith (-Stawell), D. Fletcher (Beecluvorth), A. L wenstein (Maryborough), and tho Hon. E Morey (Ballarat); all of whom to hold office until the first annual conference, to be In-Id in Melbourne in Murch, 1592. The action of tlie conference was highly ap p oved, and the report, on the motion of Mr Fitzpatrick, was unanimously adopted. A hearty vote of thanks was given to the dele gates for their valuable services at the con ference. Prnut’s Brass Band performed on Saturday evening, on the balcony of tho Exhibition Mart, BillaratEast. At the Town Police Court on Saturday morning, an Egyptian named Gayeb, pro prietor of a fancy goods shop in Bridge street, was fined 10s, with 10s c - sts, for trading after the hour stipulated by the Act for the closing of business premises. Pro ceedings were taken under the Shops and Factories Statute. At the same court a child alleged to have been neglected, was dis charged, as a relative promised to care for the little oue, Samuel Slick—uo relation of the clockmaker—was charged with being | drunk and disorderly. Slick, while suffering from the effects of liquor, met a Chinaman in the Main road, and, thinking he was an old friend, embraced him. “ John ” ob jected to the hugging in a public thorough fare, and summoning a policeman, he gave his tormentor into custody. Accused, who was a farmer, was fined ss. The Bungaree. Junction art-union case. Burden v Persse, was before his Honor Judge Gaunt in Chambers on Saturday morning. Mr Barrett appeared for the plaintiff, and Mr Pearson for the defendant. His Honor ordered that. defendant state further by affidavit—l. What steps he has taken to obtain the documents referred to in order dated 26*.h July, IS9O, which ure documents, said to be in his son’s possession. 2\. The result of any steps lie may have so taken. 3. The present residence and ad dress of R. D Persse—such affidavit to be filled within 10 days, costs to be coats in the cause. Mr Salter also applied in the case of Smith v G-ssell to review the decision of the taxing officer. The application was opposed by Mr Barrett, and was refused. ' Mr Thomas Hollway, Benior partner of the firm of John Hollway and Sous, tinsmiths, of- Armstrong street, is about to visit England on a pleasure trip. He has taken his passage by the R. M.S. Ormuz, which sails on the 4th April, and will remain away for Reveral months. v The meeting of the S'mtli street Debating Society was held on Friday evening, when there was a very large attendance of mem bers and about 30 visitors. A lively debate took place with the Neil street society, the subject being:—“Should the Bible be intro duced into the State schools,” the Neil street took the affimative side of the question, and were represented hy Messrs Weir, Barwick, Johnstone, and Lingham; the South street took the negative, and was repiesenterl by Messis Llewellyn, Saunders, Maddem, and Barrnw. Th» Neil street society have some promising speakers as evidenced by the efforts put fortli on this occasion; as the South street representatives had to admit that they were fairly beaten on their own ground. Amongst the visitors present was the Rev. Colin Campbell, ex-M.L. A. for Crowlands, who has just returned from a trip to the old country. He is one of the oldest colonists, having arrived here in 1539. As lie was a warm supporter of the society in its early stages, he received a very flatter ing welcmnp; h ; s presence was nil tile more interesting as he was the first secretary of education under the old denominational system, 40 years ago. At the conclusion of the debate lie gave a most interesting ad dress cm the question. The visiting society were accorded a hearty vote of thanks, on the motion nf the Rev. Colin Campbell, seconded by Mr Hugh Baird. During the evening the prize lists for the forthcoming literary and musical competition were distri buted. The treasurer acknowledged a dona tion of one guinea towards the object from Mr J. W. Kirton, M.L.A. A resident nf Sussex street named Thomas Ryan was admitted to the Hospital on Saturday suffering from a severe bruise on the knee, caused by a blow from a hammer. A youno man named John M'Grnth, resid ing in Yarrowee street, also attended at the institution yesterday, suffering from a cut on the under lip caused by a fall on a piece of quartz. The cases against the Salvation army offic-rs under the City Council bylaws were called on again on Saturday morning. The magistrates gave their reserved decision, ami stated that they considered there was nn evidence tiiat the council had directed the prosecution, and that the police officer should he specially instructed to prosecute in each case. The cases were accordingly dismissed, without costs. Yesterday the Revs. S. Adamson, W. Shaw, and A. Jolly conducted . the services in the Lydiard street circuit in place of the ministers who are in Melbourne in connection witli the conference. The Rev. S. Adamson preached at Lydiard street and Sebastopol churches, the Rev. \V. Slib'v at Pleasant street and Lydiard street, and the Rev. A. Jolly at. Rubicon street and Pleasant street. Mr D. Clohe«y, ex-president of Bnngaree shire, who was recently appointed to the commission of the peace, was sworn in tinder a writ of dedimus potestatem at the City Police Court on Saturday. We regret to announce the death of M'ss Pollic Dyson, second daughter of thn Rev. M. Dyson, which occurred at the Wesleyan pareonuoe, Colac, on Friday afternoon. Mi3s Dyson had been ailing for nlrmg time. Tile Rev. Mr Dyson, who was attending the Wesleyan Conference in Melbourne, was summoned oil Thursday, and he arrived home on Thursday night. Miss Dyson had a wide circle of friends, who will deeply deplore her loss, and very great sympathy will be felt for her parents, who lost another daughter in Dry9tlale about a year ago. Miss Dyson was buried at Geelong. Death was caused by heart disease, on which in flammation of the lungs supervened. Refer ence was yesterday made to the death of Miss Dyson in the Lydiard street Wesleyan Sunday school. Oil Saturday, Sergeant-major Brough and a squad of six men from the 3rd Regiment proceeded to Maryborough to pitch tents for the accommodation of the firemen during the forthcoming demonstration. The Ballarat Young Men’s Christian As sociation celebrated their 13th anniversary at the Town Mission Hall yesterday. Mr A. A. Bliley, M.A., preached at the morn ing service. At the afternoon service the building was crowded to excess. Dr Porter preached an excellent sermon. The even ing service was largely attended, when the building was well filled. Mr R. Hosking filled the pulpit. At the three services the Town Mission choir, under the leadership of Mr J. Parnell, witli Miss Jurghenn as or ganist, rendered good service. To-iiu>rrnw evening thn tea and public meeting will be held. Tea will be on the tables at. 6 30, and' the public meeting will commence at S o’clock. Mr Matthew Morgan will preside, and addresses will be delivered by Dr Porter, Rev. A. Rogers, and other gentle men. The Town Mission choir will sing choice selections, and recitations will bo givon iiy Mr W. Smith and Miss Trembath. ' he annual report aud balance- sheet will also be read. A concert in aid of the Soldiers’ Hill Fire Brigate was given on Friday evening in Mingst’s Hall, Macarthur street. Mr F. L. Graham (trustee), occupying the chair, and Mr J. Dickson (trustee) was also on thn platform. A good programme of vocal and instrumental music, recitations, &e.;, was provided, in which the following took part: —The Misses Lavis (2), Jordan, Mrs Collins, and Messrs W. Saunders, T. Millar. Ward, A. Dewitz, E. W. Page, Jordan, W. Keane, Rnonoy, J. B. Gray, Mnrfett, Masters Hager, Munro, Plummer, Harry O’Brien, and A. Saunders, Mr A. Millar acted as accompanist. The Government nominees on the country fire brigade hoard are to be Mr E. Morey, M.L.C., Mr R. Burrowes, M.L. A., and Mr J. B. Burton, of Stawell. These gentlemen will be formally appointed at the meeting of the Executive Council thia week. The other members of the hoard will be Mr J. Sinclair and Mr J. G. Mickelburgh (representing the insurance companies), Mr \V. C. Wright, of Horsham, and Mr P. Hodges, of Geelong (representing th» fire brigades), and Cr T. Casey', of Maryborough, and Cr H. A. Craw ford, of Bsechworth (representing the muni cipal council*.) The date of the first meeting of the board has not yet been fixed. Mr J. C. Fraser (writes our Linton corre«- pondeut) had, on Friday, a fine basket of perch, numbering 50, the total weight of which was 411 b. They were caught with rod and line at the Langi Willi dam. Our Ballan correspondent, writing on Saturday, says:—“ A fire broke out nn the Ingliaton Estate yesterday about midday, which destroyed several hundred acres of grass before it was suhdued, which w»a about sunset. Unfortunately the principal damage done was to what is known as thn Btllan paddock, which is kept hy Mr ,T. O. Inglis to top up the fat cattle, and in which were a number of bullocks nearly ready for the market. In other respects it was lucky that the fire broke out in this paddock, for being close to BaHan it was soon seen, and a large number of the townslppYesidenta were soon on the spot, and with the assistance nf the station men cheeked the fltmeß before they reached any building. It ie supposed to have been caused hy a swagman leaving a fire burning on the roadside close to the paddock fence. It wag'reported about 10 o’clock last night that another fire had broken out the Tregnthnan Estate.” At the Port Fairy Regatta, on Friday, an accident occurred through which the secre tary, Mr George Best, lost bis life. He was Railing in a pleasure bnat in company with a young man, and when abnu> 50 yards from the shore the boat was capsiz«d by a sudden change of wind. Mr B»st. became entangled in the rigging and was canied down, and when l.is hmly was recotrere.! about 20 minutes later, life was extinct. His com panion was pickefl up by a bnat. Mr e , who was a bookseller ami news agent, leaves a wid-.w and three children. His father was drowned through » bout acciden , id almost the same locality about 27 years ago. In addition to the 50 draughtsmen, who received notice from the engineer-in-chief of the Railway Depxrtmentthat since there is no work for them at present their services cannot be retnind longer than the 31st inst., the engineer of existing lines has given a similar notice to about 14 men of his permanent stall who have been employed in erecting stations. The Railway department has .very little work in hand just now, and a great number of employes have been discharged in conse quence. Recently a large number of men were discharged from the Newport railway workshops, and .the supernumerary staff ot draughtsmen was. also considerably reduced some months ago. ■A young limn named James Killen, 24 years of age, now lies in.tlio Melbourne Hos pital suffering from a.fractured skull, sus tained in a gallant attempt to rescue a man from the bands of two garroters on Saturday morning, near Queen’s \Vliarf. While pass ing lie beard ccies for assistance, and found two ruffians belaboring a man and making attempts to rob him. Killen seiz’d one, and after a short tussle threw him to the ground. The man for whom he risked so modi had meantime run away. Killen was then suddenly felled by a blow from behind, which caused him to lose A constable di-covered him lying bleeding, and conveyed him to the Melbourne Hos pital. It would appear by the nature of the wound on Killen’a head that he was struck by p. stone. He is in a very low condition. The returns of the colony’s revenue for February have now been compiled. They show receipts amounting to £670,055. while the returns for February, IS9O were £655,620, showing all increase for this past mouth of £15,365. On the eight months of the finan cial year, ending with 2S:h February, there is, however, a deficiency. The revenue for this period of ISSD 90 was £d,Sls,9d/, while for IS9O-91 it was £5,601.631, a decrease of £217,32G. The proportion of the estimate for these eight months would be £5,754,320, so that the amount rcnially received is £152,599 below the Treasurer’s expecta tions. At Friday night’s meeting of the Trades’ Hall Council a letter (says th e Age) Was lead from Lord Knutsford, addressed to the Governor, asking to be furnished witli in formation respecting the hours of adult labor in the diffrent colonies and the laws govern ing the employment of labor. The secretary was instructed to compile the information and to submit it to the council before for warding it to the Governor. A motion was brought forward by Mr Taverner in favor of asking Sir Georg. Grey to visit Melbourne before Ilia return to New Z‘aland, and de liver an address on the one man one vote question, and it was cirried without a dis sentient voice. 