ftfisfraSasion. M'DennclI range (S. A.) mica is commanding a good market in England. Qceenslanders last year paid £5S.3QS duty on imported agricultural produce. Steamer Wanganui has brought to Cooktown 450cz. of gold from New Guinea. Legislative Council election writs to be issued in South Australia on 14th April. Jehu Riordan killed bye, gunpowder expia tion on the Makaxau railway works. Patrick Moyle fataHy mangled in a tunnel " :ollapse on the South Brisbane railway line. Liabilities in the estate of Edmond Grisaily, i Brisbane commission agent, stated at £26,700. Sydney City Council tenders a farewell Darine picnic to its retiring mayor, Mr. Burde- an. New South Wales Parliament to be further irorogued from the 17th inst. to the I4th of April. Barque Alicia, with coal from Newcastle to 3 an Francisco, beached and condemned at Samoa. The journeyman bakers of Brisbane go out ra strike next Sunday on the eight -hours lystem. The miners at Sudest, New Guinea, are aiaking on the average from -f oz. to l;<oz, gold per week. Albatross shot at Freeman tie with a label lound its neck thus—" Barque Sarah, lat. 38 )on. 98 E.:s The Sydney City Council cables to M. Amgust6 Wiegand that it will engage kim as City organist. Inauefit on Anderson. Bass, and Co.'e iire at Perth has resulted in a verdict of negligence against the firm. Earl Onslow says it is alia canard that London report that he is to succeed Earl Hopetoun as Governor of Victoria. Athenteum Club partly destroyed by the great Sydney fine, rebuilt and is to be opened by the Earl of Jersey. South Australian Ministry donate £100 to the memorial f and -of their lately deceased colleague, the Hoc. David Bews. Tae London dock companies have consider ably redueed their charges on cargoes of New - Zealand froaen mutton. W. G. Crawford brought back to Adelaide from Aden, on a charge of levanting with the money of his creditors. Leprosy said to be apreading in Tonga. Brought there by Sandwich Islanders, who are consequently being expelled. An American nigger named "Wilson has been committed -at Adelaide for stabbing a man with a carving-knife In an hotel bar. The Tasm&nian; Government promise £-3,000 for the Launceston exhibition if the Launcestcn people will themselves subscribe £1,500. The Civil Service Commissioners have sus pended Messrs. Uhr and Aloe of the Cooktown post-office on suspicion, of complicity in smug gling. Mr, Frank Smith, a Government " whip' In the Sydney Assembly, charged with taking bribes, »xfr« the Speaker of the House to inves tigate. The R.M.S. Ballexat brought one case of measles and the West Australian delegates to the Federal Convention, frcm. Albany to Adelaide. Holmes, charged with kicking bis wife to death at Perth, has died in gaol from the effects j of drink. The compulsory " sobering down" | was fatal, | John aFBonald, a consumptive, burst a lung artery while swimming in the river at Denfli- quin. He was saved from drowning, but died from loss of blood. The Sydney Police-court has dismissed a summons against a man charged with working on Sunday. He was repairing the roof of his house, which leaked. Adelaide brokers have appointed a committee to inquire into the leakage of an important telegram sent to a member of the Stock Ex change from another colony. The homestead of the Mount Pleasant Estate, near Deniliquin, totally consumed by fire on Sunday night. Cause — a window cur tain blown against a candle. The quarrymen who, last week, struck at the Bowral quarry because the Railway Com missioners refused an increase of wages have re turned to work at the old rate of pay. An Auckland girl, on hearing that her repu tation was assailed by rumour, suicided by eating the heads off a box of matches. Most unpleasant poison, one would imagine. Explosion of gun-cotton at Wellington torpedo station, while three of the corps were filling some canisters with the dangerous com pound. Two dead. They were smoking. Seamen and firemen of the steamer Industry, shipped in England for three years at £4 15s. "a month, have struck at Lyttelton, declaring that they won't do coastal work at that rate. Boy named Brown got out of his depth while bathing in the sea at Lyttelton. His father went to save him, and shared his fate, both being drowned uinler lk8 ejee Mite. | John M'Lean, the champion j world, says he will row William O Cmmo for j £1,000 a-ride either on the Paxramatta at the Nepean course, and will allow him £200 for expenses. Mr. Brace Smith, Minister of that New South Wales shall pay -had of a bridge over the Murray at Swan JHi . Victoria pajB the other half. Total estimated . cost £10,000. . , ! Sir Thomas Elder mid Mr. Barr Smith have returned from England. The former is dis appointed that the Antarctic exploration scheme cannot he accomplished at preterit. II would cost £100,000. Tonga-taboo, the Sacred Isle of the South, is ; indeed becoming civilised, Its " general elections" take place this month, aud its copper- coloured kanakas will utilise the ballot box for . the first time in their history . The Victorian Railways Committee were very hospitably entreated at Sydney and_ have come back, they say, with much valuable information concerning tile working of the Pubho Works Committee of New South Wales, Oakley, an ex railway servant, sued the Government of New South "Wales for arrears of salary. The Department offered £€9 as the value of the work he had done, and the Full Court on appeal has given him £63 more. The rain has descended and the floods come down on the thirsty north of South Australia. Five inches of rain reported on the Birdsville track, the Cooper and the Stizleckz are miles . wide on the plains, and the fnnamlncka track in also blocked. Samuel Burrowea has asked the Brisbane police to arrest him on a charge cf embezzling the funds of Bathaxst corporation, New South Wales, of which he was town clerk. He said he had heard that there was a warrant out for him, but the police knew nothing of it. Molloy'a hotel, near Moolbong Station, TTillston, N.S.W., totally destroyed by fire. ; Supposed to be the work of an incendiary. Last month John C orbstt, a homestead leasee at Moolbong, was sentenced to three years' imprisonment for attempting to set fire to this hotel. Curious panic at the Theatre Royal. Ade laide, on Saturday night. Smoke from bush- fires in the Mount Lofty ranges pervaded the town and found entrance to the theatre. Some one yelled " Fire I" and there was a grand stampede, in which an old ticket- taker was badly hurt. "When Joseph R. Bradiey, charged with ab sconding from the E.S. and A.C. Bank in New South Wales with a quantity of its cash, waa challenged by a constable at Blumberg, he said, "I'm the man you want, and I'm glad the suspense is over." He had £1,030 in his possession when arrested. Remanded to Sydney. Sydney Trades and Labour Council preparing to give its special delegate to England a tremendous welcome on his return. The im poverished horny handed sons of toil intend to ' blue" a considerable few pounds in a launch trip down the harbour to meet the by- no-means conquering hero in the steamer, and then to " drag" him four-in-liand round the Domain. Sir George Grey, the veteran politician, who has seen service in the House of Commons, as a Minister of the Crown in England, as Governor of Cape Colony and of New Zealand, and as both Premier and Opposition leader in the latter colony, was received with the greatest enthu siasm when he arrived at Sydney to attend the National t onventioc. The single-tax leaguers deputaticmisodli-ra, but not yet come for tho unpOEltwn of U»t tasMiTO panacea. 