' [BY TELEGRAPH.J (FROM OUR CORUBSL'ONDENTR.) INTENSE HEAT IN THE COUNTRY. UNUSUALLY HIGH RANGE OF THE THERMOMETKR. ALARMING BUSH FIRES. MILES OF GRASS AND FENCING DESTROYED. THE HEAT INTENSIFIED BY THE BUSH FIRES. A WELCOME CHANGE SET IN. ALBURY. MONDAY. A bot wind blew all day yesterday and all night. This morning rain not in continuing at intervals K11 day, and completed the ext'uguiahmg of all bush Aroa in the district BATIIURSl, MONDAY Yesterday was much the hottest day this season, the thermometer registered 98 in tho abade Heavy rain fell to-night, cooling the atmosphere llfi.Hi, MUNDAY The heat is intensa Yestorduv it was 10J j_ tho shade (strong hot wostcrly wind« blow last night BLAYNhY, MONDAI After four \ory hot days, ram sot in to day, and It Is raining heavily now It la much wanted for the grass, but Uio farmers, who aro hay-cutting, »ill bo losers by it BOWRAL, MONDAY Tho wcBthor for tbo past few dava han boen vory hot, but n dight shower foil this atternoon, und bas cooled the atmosphero beautifully BULLI, MONDAY rxcoamvo heat he« boon experienced nineo 11 ida), and, most «ingular for this distriot, tho nigh s uro ul«o hot Scanty rain ia now falling and slightly tempers the npproBsivo atmosphère A heivy downpour Is badly noodod for tho water supply Cultivation ¡a BIBO puroned by tho hot wind«, and bush fires aro rag ng around the neighbourhood CAMDEN, MONDA\ Tbo boat was "nost intenso yostordty, boina; tho hottest axponouood for some ttino Bush flic« wero raging In all directions Soveral pooplo were pros trated by tho boat CANOWINDRA, MONDAY Sunday was the hottest day I hi« summer I ho thermometer registered 10o in the sbado A warm wind was blowing all the morning, and terminated in a gale in the ovuning, doing cona dorablo dnmago to (ho roots of houBos Liri y this morning rain 1 ommenrod to fall and continued at intervals during tbo day Up to tho present (7pm) CO points hivo fallen, and it la «lill raining this rain ia muoh required, and will do considerable good. COOLAMON, MONDAI. Sunday la«t waa tho hottest day of the mason the glass rogiatored 112 in the «hado A strong wind waa blowing, and owing to. bush Uro» tho night wa« almost unbearable Hain »et iu this morning, 133 pjlnta liavu fallen, and moro is throuttming COOIAMUNDRA, MONDAY. Yesterday the thormotnotor waa 10! Bush lire« raged among tho farmB noar Berthong, and wero approaohlng toward» the town, and throatoniiig tho whoat crop«. A largo numbai of hand» and neighbours worked and overcame tbo Ur ». At 2 30 (hi« morning rain net in, and completely »tided the Ure« It wa» the heaviest rain »mco the Salt Clay Crook year Up to 7 pm ¿33 point» of rain had fallon 1 ho rooord for the past year I» up to the nvurago As »tripping bus boen started, «orno injury will roMilt from tho heavy rain. OROOKWLI.L, MONDAY It wa» excessively hot yestordnv, and to-day 80 in the »hado wn» registorod. At 0 in the evening rain »ot in and is falling eioadlly. it will do tho potato crops immense good. DUDDO, MONDAY. On Saturday and Sunday intense heat prevailed, tbo thermometer reaching 107 and 103' on buuday night A north-woat galo blew all night, causing hoavy duet iho weather i» now dull, and look» Uko rain It is very cloie Bush Ure» aro doing much damage, but nono is near tho town. GRAriON, MONDAY The weather ÍBoppres»l\oly hot, and is beginning to affect vegetation seriously Rain I» .inieii wautod During tbo last four day» tho tiiormonifloi roglstorod upward« of 100 in the »hade oaoh da), yesterday being tho hottest day of the icaeon, with luU' in tho «hado » GUNNING, MONDAY Saturday and Sunday wero very hot. A chungo to rain ocourroü uorly tüi» morning. GUNDAGAÍ, MOHDAV. Yesterday wa» about tho bottent day wo havo b«d for many year«, the glass going up In 110' in the «bade. Last night wa» vory oppressive. A'iotit 3 o'clock this morning n heavy windstorm pa«Bod over, succeeded by ateady rain, which continued without cessation all day. It ia still raining, with every appoarance of continuing. Up lo 7 o'clock to-nigth tbo gauge registered 307 points. All the crooks aro in flood. GUNNEDAH, MONDAY. Intense huat prevail'd during tbo pa»t week, espe- cially on Saturday and Sunday. The g1««» registered 102*andI03'ro»pectively. Sunday night waa unusually 'oppressive, 05' at 8 o'clock. fcîoiue higher readings were recorded from the surrounding stations. Bu«h fire« aro vory numerous owing to the super- abundance of grass. To-day * pleasant. chango occurred, «evoral points of rain railing. Tho tempera tun ia not much cooler. HARDEN, MONTUY^ Yesterday the heat waa vory opproaaive. Rain started through the night and 47 points fell. HILLSTON, MONDAY. On« hundred and twenty-ihron pointa of rain fell yesterday. To-day it I» «till threatening. JUNEE, MONDAY. Yesterday waa the most oppresivn day of the aeaaon, 102 in the «hade. Buah lim aro burning in every direction, but principally toward» the Pinnacle. At 1.30 this morning halt . gale pansod ovor tho town, lasting throe-quarter« of an hour. It haH boon raining almost without intermlaalnn since. Tho rain waa tbe heaviest since the Cootamundra railway acoldont in 1886. KIAMA, MONDAY. At 9 o'clock to-night rain commenced. It ia now oomlng down splendidly. During the greater part of to-day the heat was lnten«o, accompanied by a sultri- ness which was very oppressive. LITHGOW, MONDÂT. Sunday waa the hottest day experienced during the »eaton, the thermometer registering about 00' in the ?hade. A welcome change occurred to-day and it ii I mash cooler, light showers falling during the afttr noon, but the atmoaphero is still oppressive and threatening. ' MENINDIE, MONDAY. The woathor wns intonkoly hut and disagreeable yesterday, dust biowiug nil da) It only cea»od at dark lho wind boing favourable, rain comminced at 9 o'clock and continued throughout tbo night, nearly three-quarters of nu inch being registered. Tho ram la genorat in tilla district. It is »till cloudy and threaten- ing MIUAOONG, MONDAY Sunday was very hot, and tho beat registered 104 , and at 6 this morning 80 1 bo great boat of the aun 1» aggravated bj bush lim» MO VMA, MONDAY. Yostordaj wns intonsoly hot. In tho morning Horca hot winds aros», and by 9 o'clotk the tlitriuumeter registered 102 in the sbailo, ni d roan atcadil) till it reached 111' ill tho »lindo lhere was a ohangoduring tho night, and light rain fill. Hi» now »bowery MUDGLP, MONDAY lho tbormomotor iostordav ugisttrnd 10b in the »hade blight rain foil to-da\, and it coolod the atulosphoro Hoaw olullda proiuiao abundant showers. MOUN1 MACDONALD, MONDAI Tbo heat during tho lnat thrcoda\a ha« boen very opprcesivo On Snnday tho regiator at 1 p ni »a» 1US ¡u tho aliado , at 'J pin it waa 9o in lho bouse. At midnight a chango took placo, «hen a very strong westerly galo »ut in About 6 this morning it com- menced to rain ver\ heavily, and continued throughout tbodaj, and i» still coming down in torrent», with a verv high wind bio mug lho rainfall tor tho last j ear i» 3Um. bo point». NARU .iNDI.RV, MONDAY. Extensivo bush fires timk i uut ) oattrdn) iiiuruing on Poroo, Widaoua, and larriibno Run» and Dubbo Back Station, also Midguon A tboiinand aire» of gras» and miles of fencing « oro dostr») id 1 bo w mil wa« blow- ing li burne mo all da) lb« Uro fruin Mulgowi Run oxtiudod lo thu town common mid thuiui to tho race- course, burning down tim fuius 1 brough the timely nsaiatauoo of a mimi er of ton unpeople tho grund-Btaud and «addling paddmk wore saved. Tbo tlioriiioinolor j cálenla» teelah rul lib in the »hade, falling to ¡04 at night Ino intensity of tho heal wa»caused thruugh the bush Uro» A tórrido storm paasid our tho mun to-day, with a doliigo of rain, 2o0 pointa toll in uno hour i ho striot» and »hip» wero Completel) flooded Thopooplo living on tbo low land« had to leam their Iioiiaia through being Hooded out It is »till raining, with every ap- pearance of continuing I ho ram ciitue in good tune, putting tbo titos out the total rainfall to-da\ was 20J pointa NI WC VS ILE, MONDAY. 'lho weatbor is intensely hot, two females faintod in tho police court this morning through tho oxcoulve li oat, ORANGL, MONDAI. Yostorday the host was distresning, tho thorinomctor registering 91* in the ahedo Ruin has boen coming down in torrent« uiuco 6 o'clock FAIIRAMAUA, Moviu«. Sunday was fcnrfnll) hot K11 day, a «corohmg hot «ina pro\ailed. making the ahudy parts oqually hot and unbearable lho tomporaturo under verandah rouchod 111, and during the night had rogiatorod 90 degree«. To-dii) It ia fearfully closo and mugg) A Uro broke out ni a gras« paddock in I auiont-atrost, botwcon two dnolliiig- liousca, (hu firu brigndo« woroon tliospot ¡niiiiediutol), and it wus put out before much damago was douo PAIERSON, MONDAY The woathor la inlensoly hot, lho tliormouiotor registered 106 In tho aliado ) onlcrdu) Bush Urea aro prevailing throughout tho district, und Iba utuionphora is smoky und ha/.y. PEAK HILL, MONDAY 1 he beat ha» boen suffocating, the thermometer was 10U in tho «hado Heavy rain commenced to full at £ o'clock, 115 points foil up to 7 o'clock It ia still ruining, with ovory appearance oí a good downpour to-night. 1LMOHA, MONDAY The town was onvolopod In smoko yoaiorday, caused K by bush fires wbloh ure raging around Birmodman , ' The aekotors had a narrow escupo ol losing (heir crop« of wheat, ha)stack«, and machinery A hot wind pre- vailed yontorday, which was almost unbearable. Rain comraonced at midnight, f J pointa having fallen since. At Blig'a, \V li yalong Station, the homestead and J00O acron of grass have boon doatroj od by Ure 1UMU1, MONDAY. A furious hot wind blew from the north «II yester- day and far into tho nicht 1 ho boat registered 10S in the shade. At 3 o'clock this morning rain com- menced, and ho» continued muco in hiavy «bower». UD to 2 this aftornoon HI points bud fallen lhere I* no sign of tho rain abating. WAOOA, MONDAY. Tho thormomotor yesterday in ono placo hero regis- tered loo' in the »hade. Oilier glan»"« recorded a» high as 104'. ïhojioat throughout tho ovomng wa» very grear. About I o'clock a «dong westerly wind »prang up and blow for »OHIO boura. The weather waa very OIORO until noon to-day, when the glan» coiiimoncod to fall. Showora commenced to lall, and continued all day. 'lho ram ha» extinguished ill» bush UroB in this dlBlrlct which raused- the heat. The rlvor I» falling, being Io»» than 4 ft above »uiuuior luve!. Tvtonty-olghi point» of rain wero recordod hero thin morning*, 20 at Urana, 23 at Illllalou, 11 at Lako Cudgollico. Rain alto foil tin» morning at Tumbarumba, Tumut, Adelong, and Temora. Tbo chango In tho woatbor i» much appreci- ated boro. Tina evening v.a»cool, lho rain was gono ral iu part» of tho dislnct. Nearly 37in. of rain »or« rocorded at Adelong during tho pa»t yoar, being 2in. ovor lho previous 12 mouLha' record. WALGETT, MONDAY. A heavy thundnrntorm ocourrod lost night, bot only 12 points of min full hero, though u heavy fall 1» ra. portod in part» of the distriot. WILCANNIA, MONDAY. YoBtordny wan ono of the wornt da)» experienced, hero for nomo coiiHidcrnble timo past. Tho ther- mometer »tnod at lit) degroe» iu tho nhadu. liol wind», accompanied with boavy dual »form», continued. Towarda tho evening tho iilmoHpüoro buoauis terribly cloao und opprosniv«, and it wa» not until early thin morning that a chango occurred in tho nhnpo of light rain», 44 poliim having huon reglntured up to 9 o'clock, it lia» buen mining tory heavily at Intervals »ineu, and appear» to bo goiter»!. Roporta from thu outlying disti lot» whoro rain was badly wanted aro eagerly looked for. 'I ho following roport» wuro recolvud thin morning :-Brewarrina, IO point»; Tilpa, 10; Momudie, 04; Broken Hill, G1; Sllvorton, n9 ; Euriowie, 05 ; Purnamoota, 35 ; '1 hai'knringa, 76; Bamingnn, 24. Mungindi reporta tile Uiver Darling rlning again. At Dangar Bridgo it is bit. Ojn. und rising. YASS, MONDAY. Yesterday tho tompornturo reached the highest ' degroe »o far thl» Bummer. At 11 a.m. the ther- mometer registered 91 degree» in tho »hudo, and between 2 und 3 o'olook it rona to 98', Early thl» morning tho sky liccamo ovoreuat, and light ruin fell during lho day. Tho humidity of the temperature I» onervatlng, although rain foil at Interval». Towards the evening a heavy »bower descended, and it beuamo uooler. Tbo rain will do a lot of good. "iOUNG, MONDAY Yoatordiiy will bo remembered us olio of tho hottost and mont disogrooiiblo day« experienced In the district for yoars past It wa» preceded by several days of ununuul warmth From early on Sunday morning the« heat wa« Intolerable 1 ho unpleasantness wa« intensified by a Bcorching hot wind At midday tho thermometer at tho post-olllce rocurdod 1(12- in tho shade, and la aoveral piucos In thu town the register was much higher Hush fires worn seen in all direction«, tbo smoko par- tial!) oh«< uring tbo min I'lirliuiliirn uru not yet to baud, but houvy Urea uro roportod lroin Luko Cowal, Finiiaclo, and Berthong Shortly oller midnight rain foil, continuing «londlly up to 9 thin morning, when 7fl points were registered. It ha« boon raining heavily all day, with Indication* of a continuance At least un Inch hu» boon added. Ibu woathor is still \ory sultry. COBAR, MONDIY Nico rain 1ms coiniiinnoed to fall, willi an uppoaranco of continuóme 1 resh bushfire» havo broken out on Meryula and llndaryruun Nearly ¿0 miles of fono* lug havo boon doutiovod on tbo former mu COONAMULI , MONDAY. Wa havo had fearfully hot weather boro during the past few days tho bottent tor nomo }oirn On Satur- day tliothurnioinotor roglnlorol 107 in tho Ixmen olllco, and on buuday 110 lmdci the verandah at I ntl mall'« lintel lho woathor is rather cooler to d ly, mid it look* Uko u chungo Lust night wus u ieurlul ono boro for heal. COWRA, MONDAY Intonne host provnilcd horo )osiordav and last night, tbo thermometer rogmttnng 107 in tbo «hado, willi bot wlndn Bushllros lu «IOHO pioximity to the town rondorod tho duy unusually disugroonblo 1 ciRULS, MONDAY Tour lar_o bushfire» woro raging nour here yester- day, und a touHidorablo amount of damago han boen dono, lho day wau vory liol, but lu t night over half an inch of ruin fell It is »till cloudy and muggy, »bowing aigns of a further downpour GRENILLL, MONDAY 'I bo I remendón» bout of \ onlerday wus succeeded by wob cuno and houvy ruin this morning 1 be glare of st largo hush Ure waa soon to tbo west on Suturday night and buuday 