NORTHAM NEWS (FROM A CORRESPONDENT.) A WEDDING. On Monday, the 12th inst, a very interest- ing event occurred in the shape of a wedding in St. John's Church, which was prettily decorated for the ocassion. Andrew Dempster was the happy bridegroom, and was united in the bonds of matrimony to Mrs. F. Roe, of Newcastle. The marriage hymn was sung as the bride (who was taste- fully attired) passed up the aisle on the arm of her brother, Mr. R. D. Clarkson. M.L.A. Many were the good wishes that were be-' stowed upon the happy couple, and after having been showered with rice they drove away to catch the York train en route for Adelaide, where they intend to spend their honeymoon. 1 -' °CHTJBCH Ar^ivBBSABY. " " ' On Thursday, to« 15th inst., the members of the Church of England celebrated the first anniversary of their new rchurch?.' Divine service, waa held at 4 p.m., and although the weather was ¿Molar than usaaljtbe attendance stonved very meagre. , Great jndegd waa toe ditoppbintmsnt of theoengragetion when to« 'reo^'p'rofconhee^tpe Bto-rfScfiW without «iviOg his hearers'* «srmen otr- sbot. Sdctreas' appropriate to snob an oooasion. At-sia* o'clock a tea-meeting took píaos in to« "Mechani was read Throssell, which he promised if toe parishioners would ,ooUeet.f2O0jdu'jae;to«lp«at year, waa now placed in toe National Bank to toe credit of. theOhurahrunX Consideringtha.>tt monto«1 of t&e;! year were allowed to passbefore 'thw peopU mad« any effort1 toarais« funds for toe' Church, to«y.a*v»done remarkably WAL»,. It i«i ohtefiy due Jo thí psmv«riag.energy. of wa« _ , . donation.' Th« tea msetiog'wi oUd'snoeess. The|«s«tu40piamate toatthv day, for nach ;/<*.» is -peat. o^Thè -daaes» which followed wa« wall patronised0tiy¡tti^e,, young people. Th« proceeds of it and to«' tea ware m aid ofthe Chunk Fund. ¡Last Sunday ever/ing [there wu BO service in St. John'M Chareb, owing to to« Bev. T. Kearn'« quarterly visit to: Worq-arstee, where -ment-sohocl. Every seat was ' ooeopiédV {nideed the room was_hteraJly_paoked, but the congregation did not seem to mind toe crowd at rAJLm tVe> {omt(Lihr the hymns with a heartiness thatjwa*jnuat pleasing to hear. Mr/Mitchell had just opened a very good and interesting discourse, when he was interrupted1 by several !of his hearers hur- riedly leaving toe roora,'and'on1 inquiry it' was found ÜSF the passe ofl the diiturblnee waa a ¿large bush-fire,.» few -miles <out of town, and "that help was.,-needed .without delay- Mr. HBtehell composedly'gate"o'rit r a hymn to be -sung whilst the remainder of the peopl« qaUteoV themselves, for nearly, all ikje min'had'ísft^ one« WjrehoWrtnutl aaos to those in danger of losing their wheat crops. Only for the alarm of ihe fire, no j on« would, have regretted attending the Wseleyan ser-ice that evening. The fire continued to rage for some hours near Mr. Mathews' farm, in the vicinity of Spen cer's Brook. About one o'olook the men r»-' turned thinking all danger orpr, but yesterday morning; (Monday) ítjrose up again in all it'* fury and apreadjto-fards Mr Merry'« farm, the property of Mr. Throssell A great number of tradesmen and others kindly Went to do all they could to* put it outrand right nobly som« of them worked, forgetting «elf en* tirely in the hope of saving the standing corn. At four p.m. Mr. Harry Throssell drore back to Northam for~fosd"â~nd~driakables, as the brave workers had had no dinner. It,was net long before kind neighbours were ready with loaves of bread, bottles and jars of tea, cakes, melons1 and whatever they could lay their hands upon in the shortest'time to'send to too scene of action. Fortunately the home- steads and orops of the farmers were saved, but a great deal of valuable fencing was burned, and miles and miles of splexdid feed The workers returned at -about 10.80 quite exhausted,, but, they «enid not refrain from cheering 'and 'shouting asytherJdrOvàainto Northam. Watohers were left to prevent the fire from sjnaging .up during the night. ÍAfter breakfast this morning "(Tuesday) it rose up a third time, and terrible it looked as it drew nearer and nearer our tows! ' So aerious the conflagration grew at last, that Mr. Byfield stopped-ius roller flour mill, and Messrs. Throssell, Son1 A Stewart's1 shop, and every place of business and workshop were closed at 11 a-m. to enable all bands to en- deavour to atop ite'oonrse. Even the women and, young girl« walked or drove to this awful fire, takingbuckete and jarsof tea, rice-water, I r and other liquids, to refresh the men. This l"d afternoon a telegram war/ dispatched to NewVUi castle for treen nanc*7end they arrived *f torf ¿tew hours. How several houses escaped the flame* is a great marvel. The flames leaped high in the air, setting fire to the trees whioh after a few mienee would fall with a crash. The latest new* ia that poor old Mr. Merry haa lost all hi« standing wheat. Th* tired worker* mad* another »tart to-night, to try to master the flames, bat their effort» «cent in vaia. Such a fire we never witnessed in thi* district before. > < Northam, Jan. 20th. 