SPANISH AND PORTUGUESE POLITICS. The events of the past few days in Spain and Portugal have a peculiar interest even for outsiders. Portugal has been the scene of an, abortive revo lution, and in Spain the elections for the Cortes have for the first time taken place on the basis of universal suffrage. The attempt to upset the Portuguese monarchy was not altogether unexpected. To those who are careful to note and read the signs of the times it has been evident for some time past that all the* elements that make for actionof this kind were present. Portugal is in a state'of ferment, and the monarchy represented in the person of Dom.Cadosj can in no sense 'be described 'as resting' upon safe'*and sure, foundations. ?:? , This state of1 things has to- -be -.ascribed, .to^ar; combination i-f causes, The country is in great finan cial straits. Its annual deficit for Ithe past five years has averaged nearly a million and three-quarters sterling,' ''and its credit is bad. Such facts are never conducive to contentment, because they necessarily imply heavy taxation. Then there is a widespread feeling in Portugal that in the matter oi African affairs the King has exhibited sub serviency to English dictation. All the same, had he adopted any atti tude other than that which lie did with regard to the Anglo-Portuguese Convention, which the Cortes refused to r.itify, he would, whatever his private in clination, have run directly counter to the wishes and practices of other European rulers. His practical confirmation of the views of his Ministry was doubtless die tated quite as much by expediency as by any consideration of justice. Another factor that has to be taken into account is that Republicanism is by no means an unknown force in Portugal. The bloodless revolutions in Brazil, re sulting in the deposition of Dom Pedro and the establishment of a Republican form of Government at Rio de Janeiro, has shown the Portuguese what can be done in the way of revising a constitu tion, and the lesson lias no doubt given a fillip to the Republican spirit in Portugal. The revolt, referred to -was purely military in its manifesta tions, but there is, perhaps, little doubt that its origin may be traced back to poli tical influences. It failed because the general rising expected did not take place, and because troops loyal to the Crown acted with great promptness. The event must, however, cause disquietude to the King of Portugal. The presence of a Republic on the other side of the Pyrenees has -without doubt its influence on the imaginations of the Portuguese, although France must necessarily be a passive spectator of the trend of political movements within the Iberian Penin sula. The general elections in Spain have had issue somewhat different from that anticipated. The voting for the new Provincial Councils, which took place in December last under conditions closely resembling those that obtained in the campaign for representa tion in the Cortes, gave the Conservative party only a slight majority. At the time this was regarded as an indication as to how the electoral contests just brought to a close would end, and it was predicted that the principal parties would be returned in suffi ciently large numbers to harass and effectually hamper each other. The reverse has proved to be the case. The Ministerialists or Conservatives have scored a decisive victory. As it was a Liberal Government that was responsible for the extension of the franchise, this may seem somewhat ungrateful on the part of the electorate. There are, however, two or three apposite facts which have to be considered in relation to the matter. Senor Canovas has had the advantage in the contest that springs from being in office, and, what is more, he has derived the benefit that comes from manipulation of matters by the Ministry for the interior, 'a proceeding that goes for much in Spanish politics. In the mean time it is clear that the adoption of universal suffrage has not excited great enthusiasm in Spain. The defeat of the author of the measure confirms this view of the matter. The inauguration of the reform was one of the projects upon which Senor Sagasta had specially set his heart, and before his Government, yield ing to the pressure of the Crown, gave place to that of Canova he succeeded in carrying it, the Conservatives in the end offering little opposition to it. Another measure which Sagasta vigorously and successfully promoted before he relin quished office was one for readjusting the finances. Though the Crown has prac tically nothing to fear in the way of disloyalty from Sagasta and his followers, it is certain that the Repub licans are an active and aggressive force in Spain. There are, moreover, two or three things which favour their objects. The titular King is both young and deli cate, wliile the Regent is a woman and a foreigner. These are considerations which might be productive of serious consequences, and they are only robbed of a portion of their seriousness by the success of the Conservative party. France dare not give any practical support to the Republican cause in either Spain or Portugal for fear of coming in contact with the Triple Alliance and of offend ing Russia, whose favour she now zealously courts. There has, how ever, ever been a feeling of mutual sympathy between Republicans in Portugal and Republicanism in Spain, and there is no knowing to what this may lead. One thing is certain. The rulers of both countries have their work cut out to maintain their authority and conserve monarchical institutions in their respective countries. Viceregal — His Excellency the Governor has appointed Mr. Francis Montague Mansel to be acting Aide-de-Camp until the end of May, when Mr. Mansel goes to England. The South Australian Loan.— On Wed nesday the Treasurer received a cablegram from the Agent-General which conveyed the impression that the Sonth Australian Loan would not be so successful as was expected. Mr. Playford was rather inclined to this view also owing to the Press messages, which seemed to confirm the deduction he drew from : Sir Arthur Blyth's ? telegram. The cablegram which appeared in yesterday's Scffister stated that the condition of the market was lukewarm, and that the |result of the tenders was looked for with special 'interest. At a late ., hour this morning -we received a cablegram stating that only £434,000 had been tendered, the Syndicates dealing in colonial securities not tendering, but they will undertake to subscribe the balance of the loan if granted a liberal discount. - Commander.Walcot.— At the meeting of the Executive Council held on W?°nes^ay Commander Walcot, of the Protector, was grarited nine months' leave of absence, including only three months on full pay. The leave will begin within the next fortnight, and on Febru ary 18 the Commander wfll leave for England by the Victoria. Commander Walcot was appointed to the charge of H.M.C.S. Protector in April, 1884, so that he has been nearly seven years in the service of the Government, who did not feel justified in granting full pay for the whole of the time during which he will be absent. - - } The PcBtic Service Commission. — The Hon. H. E. Bright and Mr. Moule, M.P. (members of the Public Service Commission), accompanied by the- Secretary (Mr. Thomas Harry), returned to Adelaide from Melbourne on 'Wednesday morning, and the Hon. J. L. Parsons is expected back to-day. ..While in Melbpurne^the Commission was assisted in 'its inquiries Bya^circui^r letftr of ifltroixictioq 1 —.jy From the Premier (Mr. Munro) to the heads of the various official departments. The Minister — of Education (Colonel Sir F. Sargcod) and the Postmaster-General (Mr. Duffy) also did all in their power to assist the Commission, with the result that much valuable evidence was obtained, especially in regard lo the relations of the Public Service Board to the Civil servants individually and their duties in the regnlationl of appointments and promotions. The Sydney Postal Conference — The Premier, acting for the Minister of Education, has telegraphed to Sir Henry Parkes, stating that February 26 will suit South Australia for the opening of the Postal Conference, and it ^ the other colonies agree the delegates will no doubt begin their work on that day. Mr. Playford is anxious that the Minister of Edu cation should represent South Australia, and' J it is not unlikely that .Mr. Bews will go to Sydney for the purpose. ?? Visiting Western Australia.— The Mayor of Adelaide (Mr. L. Cohen, M.P.) and the Hon. J. H. Howe, M.P., were passenpera on Wednesday by the B.M.S. Carthage to AVestern Australia. They will be absent from Adelaide for about three weeks. Captain and Mrs. AnstbuthehThom 8ON. — Captain William AnstrutherThom son, who has been Aide- de-Camp to His Excellency the Earl of Kintore sinco the Governor's arrival in South Australia, left the colony on 'Wednesday with hi3 wife for England. They proceed in the B.M.S. Carthage to Brindisi, and thence by rail over land. Captain and Mrs. Anstruther-Thomson were seen off at the anchorage by Lord Kintore, Mr. Colin Campbell (Private Secre tary to the Governor), and others. Captain Anstruther-Thomson returns to the old country \ in order to rejoin his regiment for the purpose '? of advancement in his profession. The Viceregal Thip to the Northern Tebbitoet.— The Changsha, by which boat Dp. Stirling will go to the Northern Territory in connection with the Governor's overland trip, left on Wednesday ; but Dr. Stirling will not leave Adelaide until Tuesday next, when he will start for Sydney to join the vessel there. ? Dr. Stirling is taking the trip for a holiday, and for the purpose of becoming acquainted with the Territory. He will also visit the principal rivers and other places of interest to collecb specimens of natural history for the Museum. Mr. Thomas Cornock, one of the Museum collectors, will accompany the doctor, and he will also travel with the viceregal party through the continent with the object of collecting specimens. It is expected that the Governor will leave Port Darwin about the end of the first week in April, and that Adelaide will be reached at the close of May. The Murder in Gilles-street. — The in quest on the body of Mra. Lowenthal, who died in the Hospital on Tuesday night from revolver wounds inflicted by her husband, now in custody-, will be held this morning. The Jury will view the body at the Hospital at 10 o'clock, and the enquiry will then he probably held in the Coroner's office at tho Board of Health. Mrs. Lowenthal made the following depositions before Captain. - Ferguson,- J.P., at the Adelaide Hospital on Monday night: — 'I was sitting on the doorstep nursing my baby when my husband came in. He said — 'I waut one of the children.' I- said — 'You can't have them at present.3 The baby was running about, and he picked it up and took it out Bide. I walked after him and said, ' Give mo the baby; she has no. hat on.' Hs said, 'Get her hat.' I took the baby from him, but he took hold of the child's foot and held it; and wliile he was holding it he pulled some thing out of his coat pocket. He fired at me. He pulled a revolver out of his pocket. I ran out of the back with tbe two babies in my arms. He got me up against the wall and ' fired at me four times. He fired the shots one after the other. The fifth shot was blank. All the shots did not- hit me. Throe hit me, and the fourth shot hit the baby that I had in my arm?. A detective came in and caught hold of him. I called out ' Murder.' It was Mrs. Heffernan's baby I had in my arms. That is the one that was shot. The prisoner is my husband. He was the man who fired the shots at me.' [Prisoner was here asked if he had any questions to ask his wife, but he said 'No.'] Mrs. Lowenthal re-exa mined — 'It was at the Day Nursery in Gilles street, where I was working, where the occur rence took place.' The baby, James Heffer nan, was progressing favourably at a late hour last night. The Steamer INNAMINCKA.— The latest addi tion to the fine fleet of the Adelaide S.S. Company — the Innamineka — will be inspected' to-day by a numl-er of invited guests. At noon the vessel will l~ave Commercial Wharf and ' take a run in the Gulf. The Inspector of Mines.— It was gene rally anticipated that the now Inspector of Mines would have been appointed at the Exe cutive Council meeting on Wednesday ; but the minute on the subject was only sent to Cabinet on Tuesday evening, and, conse quently, Mr. Rosewarne's successor will not be decided upon until next week. The Tasmanian Silver-field. — Mr. H. . H. Schlapp, the head metallurgist of the Broken Hill Proprietary Company, returned' to Melbourne on Monday from the Tasmania n Silver-field, and -left again for Broken Hill. In giving a general opinion ? as to the ores of the Tasmanian field (the Argus says) he states that in the majority of instances, especially at Zeehan, the formations are true fissure lodes, and give every indication of carrying the ores down to great depths. Below the water level he anticipates an improvement in ? their character. The ores will be cheaply worked, as there are none of' a- refractory nature so far as they have been opjnud np. Generally speaking, he is of opinion that the usual percentage of good mines will be lefb after the 'wild cat' ventures havedied out, and will pay a liberal interest on the capital . invested. Sittings of the Land Boards. —The Central Board instead of holding a meeting in Adelaide on February 28, will do so on March 6\. The Board will also sit at Victor Harbour on March 10. The notice in the Government Gazette and weekly paper has been amended. - The Western Land Board, with a view of hastening the allotment of lands in the Fowler's Bay Hundreds, viz., Bagster, Bur goyne, Cohen, Giles, Magarey, and Nash, meet at Port Lincoln on Monday and Tuesday, February 10 and 17, and following days. The Milling Trade.— A difficulty has arisen in connection with the milling trade, but the parties hope that the measures which are being taken will bring aboub an amicable settlement of the matter. A . conference between the committee of the S. A. Millowners' Association and seven dele gates of tbe Milling Employes' Union dis cussed several subjects on Wednesday evening. As stated elsewhere referenoe to the Em ployes' Union is necessary before the terms both as to the length of a day or as to wagri can be considered by the men. The Late Inspector of Mines. — Mr. D. D. Rosewarne, who has just left the Civil Service on the ground of an alleged breach of faith by the Government in not placing on the Estimates an increased salary of the office, was the first Mining Inspcstor in the colony. He was selected from sixty-seven candidates, and the choice has since been justified by events. The full title of his office, which'ho assumed on February 18, 1889, was Inspector of Mines, Warden of Goldfields, and Inspector under the Mining on Private Property Act. Finding that there was no Act enabling him to inspect n nes or enforce regulations for the safety of miners. Mr. Rosewarne drafted a . Bill on the subject, but it was ultimately referred to the Mining Com mission, who have recommended Parlia ment to confer necessary - powers on tho Inspector. The Bill will be probably intro duced during the next session. For the firsti fourteen months of his appointment Mr. Kose warne was engaged in reporting on mineral properties throughout the colony from Mounb Lyndhurst to Cape Jervis, over 250 mines and. claims having been inspected and re ported on. It i3 not too much to siy that the outcome in several cases of -h's clear and concise statements of pertinent facts was that the public was protested from bogus ventures. In some instances Mr. Rose warne appeared to run counter to public opinion, but.it is noticeable that he had the courage of his convictions, and that time has not disproved th'e value of his opinions. In mines that really needed encouragement good results Jia.y« followed, among which might be named th$ Ediacara. The public did not at first take kindly to that property, bat since then encou raging developments have taken pla^e, and the Directors have named one of the shafts after the late Inspector as a recognition of his ser vices. When the Mining Exhibition was pro posed an. inHuent'al deputation waited on the Commiss'oner of Crown Lands and askc 1 that Mr. Rcsswarne should be sent as Executive Commissioner of the colony, and accordingly in April last ha started for London. All who saw his work Aero spjak in the highest '.enns of the way in which the mineral resources of the colony were displayed, and Jie ;ssae of the awards at the Exhibition, in which South Australia obtain, i the largrst mneber, was sufficient to prove his work, especially when the magnificent collec tion o£ New South Wai: 3 is taken ?nto con sideration. It is to be hoped that in the management o2 the Kan-jar-IIa properties, to which we understand he was nrore than once invited, Mr. Rosevvame wFl have as successful a record as in the office he ha-* just vacated. Railway Ketcb\s. — The Souih Australian railway revenue for the week ending January 31 was £27,945, the corresponding week of 1S90 being £20,103, showing an increase of £7,CTT. Mb. Hohace IJAirmj.— It is understood that the relatives of Mr. Horace Martin intend at the proper season to apply to the Law Courts for power to deal with his estate as tbat of an intestate on affidavits sm to his disapp jar ance, the fruitless search for him, and the finding of the empty boat in which he is t ;liev:d to have gone to cea. The Lighthouse Service. — The steamer Governor Mcsgcave left Port Adelaide on Wednesday afteijoon for Tioubridge, the / Althotpes, and Cape Borda. The vcsel had on board several lighthouse-keepers with the:r famflies returning from their holrdays or under transfer from, some other station, aLo a large quantity of stores, &c; The steamer ?will return to Port Adelaide at the end of the week, and wfll then be joined by members of the Marine Board and proceed to the South East coast, where several lighthouses are to be inspected, and other matters connected with he Marine Department enquire 1 into. Restoring the Appakextlt Dhowsed. — On Wednesday afternoon tome 200 boys attending the Pulteney-str:et School visited the City Baths, where Mr. C. Bastard gave them an instructive lecture as to the restora tion to life of the apparently drowned. Both Dr. Marshall HalFs and Dr. Silvester's methods of inducing respiration were ex plained, and practical illustrations given of the mod's of treatment. Mr. Bastard also gave the boys a lzjxin in the natatory art, after which a general splash was indulged in. Movements of the Mail Steamers. — The P. and 0. R.M.S. Arcadia left Colombo on February 2 outwards. The Home arrived at Plymouth on February 3. Exodus of Woekess. — On Wednesday a number of men left Port Adelaide for Broken HID, having been engaged to work on the railway line near that place. Prdjce Alfred College.— At a meeting of the Prince Alfred College Committee, held on Wednesday afternoon, it was resolved that the V ader of Mr. Rogers be accepted for the t- rection of a Science Lecture Hall and Chemi cal Laboratory at £1,060 10a.i,Thehejd master reported that the attendance was larger than it had ever b:en in the first term of a year, and he was empowex :d to engage an additional assistant. A Stcdent of Viticulture. — Mr. O. Seppelt, eldest son of Mr. B. Seppe't. Seppeltsfield, is a passenger, per Hohenzollern for Germany to study the science of feunentatioa principally and of other sciences perta'rrng- to viticulture. Mr. Seppelt will be away for three years, during which time he will \\-sit the famous French cellars, and will on re turning take up the practical cultivation, along with his father, of their widely known vineyards. The Port Kivef. — Some months ago per ir'SHon was given to the Deepening Depart ment to deposit limestone on the north bank. Owing to complaints from shipmaiters the Marine Board made an inspection, and found that the stone had b?en placed too near the chanel, rerdering it dangerous, especially to Email craft beating up the river. The Board has now erected sis black crosshead beacons on the north bank, so as to indicate to masters the position of the deposits. Sotth Acstealian Akt is 1G59.— It may not^be generally known to .he lovers of fine aifc and to younger colonists that prior to the sixties we had resident for some years in Adelaide an artist of very hi«jh ability in Heir A. Schram, a Berlin painter. His love foe his profession and the oppor tunity Australia gave him for studying nature in its new and varying forms induc:d him, to his serious loss, to abandon a more lucrative field in the Fatherland for a lengthened stay and untimely death at the antipodes, where his attainments as a painter of aboriginal life stamped his work as probably the most success ful of all who have attempted that line up to the present time. He had opportunity (as far as material writ) for full employment in other subjects for his facile pencil, and old colonists will doubtlns remember several examples of his ability, notably, we think, a family group of the late Rev. T. Q. Stow, His Honor the late Judge Stow, and other members ol the circle ; but alas for art ! the colony *n h's day was more coucerned w Ith developing its material resources than patronis ing painters; consequently several of his mast perfect canvass :s and watercokrars found their way to Europe. Fortunately a few remain in the colony, and as an example of his conception there may be seen at Messrs. E. S. Wigg & Sons' two spirited sketches of a remnant of the old AdeLiide tribe of natives executed in watercolours. One of them represents a group of men, women, and youths engaged in a game of marbles near an old. weird sp^imen of the gum-tree which was a well-known landmark in the early days; it stood on the north side of the Torrens a little higher up than the end of the Victoria Bridge. The other is a portrait of an equally, at the time, well-known athletic fellow, who, with arms folded, has evidently posed to have his picture painted. Both examples bear the strongest evidence of a master hand, and it is satisfactory to note that a well-known collector has — mindful of all that is interest ing in the colony's early days— had these relics tenderly cared for at the hands of the Messrs. Wigg, who have mounted and framed them in tasteful stvlp Orpha-- Home, Carhixgtox-street.— The monthly meeting of the committee was held at the Home on February 2. Present — Mes- dames Parr, Poole, Douglas, and Field, Lady Morgan, Lady Downer, Miss Stuckey, the Eev. Canon Poole, and the Secretary. The 3Iatran*s report as to the health and good conduct of the children was satisfactory. Gifts of fruit, &c;, were acknowledged from Mesdames J. A. Johnson, TTann, Gavin Young, W. Duncan, and Iadie3 of committee. Messrs. James Marshall & Co.rs employes had provided funds to take the children for a day to Glenel*?. The Treasurer reported that the sum of £200 (portion of bequest of the late Mrs.JEL K. Huuhrs) had been placed in the National. Bank for twelve months at 4 per cent. Accounts were passed for payment — Building and furnishing, £20 Sa. 31; mainte jiance and wagrs, £37. Bcsh Fires ur the Flinders Raxge.— Our 'Quom correspondent writes on February 3 :— Extensive bush.fires have been raging for the just week or more all round this district. The one at East Yarrah (at north end) is said to have started in Mr. Joseph Miller's farm, the fire .getting away .wiifle burning stubble. It is stflLbuming in the ranges, and has destroyed .many miles of grass. Another is said to have started -in Thomson's. Gap or at north end of West Ysxrah. This has, besides burning an jimmense tract of grazing country, destroyed a Jarge quantity of fencing, Mr. Mark Searle, .of- Depot Flat, and some of his neighbours losing .considerably. The one which started on Saturday wired as near the Devil's Peak is said oow.to fcave started on the eastern slope of the DttfchmaH in the Flinders Sange, at a fpofc known as the Devil'* Stainease — that portion of the maintain having the.appearanee of a rocky staircase of enormous dimensions. This fire travelled rapidly down towards a lot of farms on the northern side of the road to Port Augusta— the first it came on being in the entrance to Pichmchi Pass, viz., Samuel Gaietfs, Cook's, and Kenefick's, burning mfle3 of fencing and a lot of grass on these properties; then- travelling 'along the foot of the range towns Mount Arden it burnt a lot of fencing at W. Leibech's. Ifc came within gunshot of Gflletf s and Cook's homesteads, and travelled along the back of David Bowman^s, who just escaped losing anything, and it then burnt, out. At night the side of the range facing Quorn presented a splendid sight, beinc dotted all over with small fires where trees and scrub had fallen and were still burn ing. Every reasonable means has been resortsd to to discover a likely origin to the fire, which started on Saturday, but no clue of any kind can be discovered, and I believe no evidence can be got beyond tbat it was seen in the dis tance to start on the side of the range, a place frequented only by rock wallabies, and far from any habitation or road ; consequently, it has, I believe, been considered useless to hold an inquest. Great heat prevails. A Tocb in Palestine.— Canon D. Curtin, of St. Kflda, has addressed a letter to the Register, stating his desire to make up a small party of travellers to Europe ' who have the time to break their journey by a short excur sion in Palestine in the company of one who knows the ground and who already has some friends there.' He intends to leave Melbourne by the Messageries Maritimes steamer Poly nesien on March 2. The rev. gentleman states that in the case of clergymen a rebate of 30 per cent, on the passage-money is allowed by the Company. In the case of laymen a lesser reduction will be made, which, however, will depand upon the number of the party, and it is therefore desirable that intending visitors to Palestine should send in their names to him as early as possible. The party would leave the steamer at Port Said, and proceed JheDcs to Jaffa, and from Jaffa to Jerusalem. Once in the Holy City it wfll be easy to make up excursions to any part of Palestine. The voyage from Fort Said to Jaffa is made in fifteen hours, and costs about £1. From Jaffa to Jerusalem is a journey of a day and a half,: though it can be accomplished in fifteen hours; bat travellers usually break the journey at Eamleigh (formerly called Arimathea) and pass the night there. Carriages, wagonettes, and saddle-horses can be obtained at Jaffa. A four-seated wagonette costs £1 4s. A horse and guide will cost about £2. A mule can be obtained at from 12s. to 16s., and a donkey for 8s. A seat in the mailcar, involving travel ling all night, costs 4s.; so that the cost of transit from Port Said to Jerusalem is not for midable. Canon Curtin says :— The 'Fathers of the Holy Land,' as the Franciscans are called, dispense a free and generous hospitality to all visitors, rich or poor. AH, irrespective of 'creed, are welcomed by the Guestmaster with the same cordiality and charity as if they were brothers. Guidebooks are obtain able, though it need hardly be said that the best guidebook for the Holy Land is the Bible. Refoeted Pleuro- Pxeumoma is tiie South-East. — It is satisfactory to know that the ailment which affected Mr. O. Arthur's cows, and which the owner feared might be pleuro-pneumonia, is not that disease. Mr. T. H. Williams, Inspector of Stock for the Sonth-East, learning of Mr. Arthur's appre hensions (the Border^ Watch says) returned to Mount Gambier on Wednesday night, and on Thursday morning went out to see the 'ow affected, two others which had been ill having been previously killed. He saw no symptoms of pleuro-pneumonia about her. From the statement of Mr. Arthur, Mr. Williams is convinced that one of the cows that died never had anything wrong with her lmwjs, and that the other had merely sporadic pneumonia, or inflammation of the lungs, which is not contagious, and, therefore, not to be dreaded as the true pleuro-pneumonia. He made a long tour round the neighbourhood on Thursday, and inspected about 300 cattle on different farms, and failed to find a single animal suffering from anything like pleuro pneumonia. CiTT Permanent Building and Invest ment Societt.— The forty-ninth half-yearly meeting of shareholders was held at the Society's office, Victoria-square, on Wednesday evening. Mr. G. K. Soward presided. The Directors reported that the receipts for the half-year, exclusive of Bank overdraft, had been £10.498, the disbursements £11,900, of which £5,S67 had been paid to maturedjshares, the withdrawals being small. Of cash re ceived £1,393 had been obtained from rents, interests, &&, a very satisfactory result; £1,178 from properties sold, and the balance from ordinary subscriptions and general de posits. It was satisfactory to report the sale of several properties at fair prices. It was certain that a better feeling exists towards real property, the low prices ruling being a special inducement for investing. Abundance of money was obtainable on deposit, of which they availed themselves to some extent After providing a dividend of 3s. Gd. per unit for the half-year equal to 7 per cent per annum, £S8 remained to be carried forward. Shareholders were urged to Increase their support to the Society and induce others to share in its solid benefits. For the period (less than twenty-five years) the total income had been £709.375, of which £121,(J06 was received as interest, rent, &c;, the net earnings being £91,856. There had been [paid to worked-out and withdrawn shares £342,297, and in loans £339,0Si, all of which, with the exception of £24,291* now due, had been repaid. The meeting, which wa3 fairly attended, adopted the balance-sheet and report, general satisfaction being expressed as to the sui cess of the past half-year. Mr. G. K. Soward was re-elected Vice-President and Mr. J. Vardon Director. Mr. Vardon acknow ledged the compliment, and called attention to the much improved demand for cottajre and other property. The Acstbalian Squadron. — The Mel bourne -lelcgraph says: — 'When the new Australian Squadron arrives about the end of April the two vessels to be kept out of com mission and in reserve will be laid up at Sydney, two will be stationed in New Zealand waters, and the remainder will cruise about Australian 'tjasts. The vessels consist of five fast cruisers and two torpedo gunboats, as re presented by the Archer (improved type) and Rattlesnake clai^es in Her Majesty's navy. An effort, it is hoped, will be made by Lard Charles Scott to organise a naval review to celebrate the arrival of the warships, and that the men may gain experience in much the same fashion as in the recent naval demonstration in England. The squadron will be under the command of Lord Charles Scott, and some arrangements wfll be made for recommission rag the vessels laid up at Sydney. The first cost of the vessels will be met out of the Imperial funds. The colonies pay the Imperial Government interest at 5 per cent, on the first and prime cost of these vessels, such payment not to exceed the annual sum of £35,000. In addition the colonies bear the actual charges for maintaining from year to year the three fast cruisers and one torpedo gunboat to be kept in commission in time of peace, and also of the three other vessels to remain in reserve, including the liability on account of retired pay^to officers, pensions to men, thecharge for the relief of crews — provided the claim made by the Imperial Government under this head does not exceed the annual payment of £91,000. In time of emergency or actual war the cost of commissioning the three vessels kept in reserve during peace is to be borne by the Imperial Government The agreement is for two years, terminable by giving two years' notice a.t the end of the eighth or any subsequent year. On the termination of the agreement the vessels remain the pro perty of the Imperial Government' The Treasurerinfoimsusthatif all of these shipswere in commission South Australia's contribution would amount to £10,000, but if two of them are to be laid up the amount would be reduced. The Government exp:cted that the vessels would have arrived at the beginning of this year, but their anticipations have nob been realized. The Imperial authorities have asked the .Government to make provision for a por tion oZ the year. Cattle Smuggling on the Victorian Border. — The Melbourne Herald of February 3 contains details of a case of a constable being ineollusion.withoneof the regular stock dealers to defraud the Customs revenue. The officer S in £question, Constable Buteher, w*s stationed at Dartmoor, on the Lower Glenelg, and as considerable quantities of stock cross the South Australian Border at Mumbannar, west of Dartmoor, he also acted as Customs ofhoer. The principal crossing-place for stock in the Western District from South Australia is at Ardno West, north of Mumbannar, and the traffio at this point is under the control of . the Casterton : police, who :are also .Customs officers. Some; time ago,.hQwe*verr ft. cams. to. the knowledge o/ the Casterton . officers .that , Butcher f -was receiving entries'-' and -the fees ' for ''stock crossing at Ardno, and this in itself being Seemed suspicious enquiries were set on foot It was soon conclusively proved that the Dart moor officer had been playing a pretty little game in collusion with the owners or ageuts of the stock by accepting entries which under stated the number of cattle or sheep crossed. As the fees on cattle are 5s. per head^ and on Bheep 6s. each, it can easily be seen that where stock were crossed in considerable numbers, the acceptance of a short entry left a nice little sum for division between the fraudulent owner and the conniving officer. Detective Christie was sent up to the district last week, and got on the track of four cases in which' the facts were very clear, the agents or owners confess ing whilst the entries, cheques, sale notes, &c.;, were obtained. Butcher had in the meantime been suspended, and as soon as he realized that the game was up he rode post haste to Merino, the nearest banking town, and transferred a goodly sum there standing to his credit to a Bank in Mount Gambier. Having as he thought thus made his money safe, Butcher wrote confessing that in the four cases under investigation he had taken bribes, and that the revenue had been defrauded to the extent of about £150. Notice will at once be given to the Guarantee Society responsible for Butcher's fidelity to his trust, whilst in addition the owners of the stock can, and will, be made responsible for the short-paid duty. The case is now in the hands of the Crown Law Department in Victoria, who will advke as to whether or not the frau dulent officer shall be prosecuted. It is be lieved that the frauds have been going on for a considerable time in connection with stock passing legitimately through the Dartmoor officer's hands, bat as the bulk of the stock coming over the Border crosses at Ardno his opportunities have not been very great Danger ej Alighting from Vehicles. — One of the hardest things to teach the ladies (says the Melbourne Telegraph of February 3) is how to get safely out of vehicles. The rules axe simple enough : — First Never leave a train or a cram whilst it is in motion. Second. Under no circumstances step out of a wagonette or omnibus face foremost; do it backwards, clinging to the handles until the fret touch the ground, and, if necessary, as in the case of a runaway, not until one can run two or three steps clinging to the vehicle, and then let go. Th:rd. No lady is justified in leaving a vehicle in motion, even in the clinging style, unless as a last resort to escape from a smash-up. These first principles are dinned into the ears of wives and daughters continually, but, woman like, they persist in having their own way. They will insist on stepping down from the wagon ettes as they walk down stairs — face foremost Their faith in the cabhorse is marvellous. The animal has only to make a single step, and the descending lady may be injured for life. If it bolts, the lady must fall heavily on the back of her head, and death from fracture of the skull is the result The case of the boy who jumped from the ex press at the Caulfield Station, and after roll ing along the platform like a ball walked away unscratched, is no criterion ; his escape was a modern miracle. The young woman and boy who tried a similar feat on. the Werribee line were instantaneously killed. The young barmaid who jumped face foremost from a runaway omnibus in Wellington-parade some years ago was picked up lifeless with a frac tured skulL Yesterday Coroner Gindler and a Jury enquired into the death of Miss Thom son, a governess, and found that she was re sponsible for her own end, as she had volun taii'y jumped from a tram in motion and frac tured her eknll. There is no doubt that many o2 the lives of the gentler sex are saved eve ry year by the care and intervention of the drivers of public vehicles, who may be pardoned if in such cases their words are sometimes gruff rather than gallant. The True Leviathax.— For a long time theologians have been divided in opinion as to the precise beast which Job's leviathan was intended for. It now turns out that leviathan is not an alligator, nor a hippopotamus, nor a whale, but a steam-engine. 'Job as a Steam Engineer' is the head-line of an article in the Scientific American of November 8, and then, referring to a book of 362 pages by Samuel A. Trundell, entitled 'A Wonderful Discovery in the Book of Job,' save : — It may be worth while to cite irom the special translation, appended to the book some of the most striking passages. The account begins chapter xL, v. 15 — 'Behold now one with great heat, . . . he will consume fodder as well as cattle do,' which is a pretty fair description of a steam engine. A little further on, v. 17, it says, ' His tail will set upright like a cedar.' This, the author concludes, refers to the smoke-stack. In v. 18 we find, ' His hollow bones are tubes of brass, his solid bones are bars of iron,' which is a very good embodiment of modern ' engineering practice. In v. 21, which the special translation renders, 'He will rest beneath light shelters, and within a covering of fibrous reeds and clay,' the author finds an allusion to non- conducting covering for boilers and steam-pipes. Going on to the next chapter we find v. vi. thus rendered — ' Companies will feast upon him, they will share him among speculators,' which it is needless to say tits the case of modern Railroad Companies and speculators exactly. This is one of the extraordinary parallels of the work. It i3 perhaps equalled by v. ii. of the same chapter, where the hook (ring) in the monster's nose is construed as an allusion to the jpiston rings of a loco motive, and where the 'jaw bored through with a thorn' supplies an allusion to the piston head bored through with its piston-rod. The bad effects of an engineer allowing his water to run down are given in the third chapter, v. 2G, ' From dryness rendering him furious, he will not have power to withhold, the curved vault being caused to break up and also tho armour.'*1 This, of course, means that the engineer must watch his water-gauges, or there will be an explosion. From a portion of v. 23, xl., and for v. 24, immediately following, the author furnishes the following translation : — ' Behold he will absorb a river and will not fret ; ... he will gather it up in his. fountains by means of traps and with a perforated nozzle.' Our author in this finds described the .action of a pump with its valves (traps) and the perforated suction-pipe with a screen at il3 end to exclude some particles. Even the coupling together of a train of cars is found in v. lof the next chapter — 'Thou wilt extend leviathan with a hook, or with a snare which thou wilt cause his tongue to press down.' The tongue, our author believes, is the representative of the coupling-link, and the hollow draw-head and 'pin are the 'snare.' The cruel king of the seams of tho boiler is found in v. 15 of this chapter — ' His strength depends on courses of shields closed up'tightly with a seaL' Our author finds nothing clearer than that the 'shields' are boiler-plates, and the 'iseal' the caulldng-iron. He reserves, however, the possibility that the steain-rivetter is the sealing mechanism. Mr. Trundell, it may be re marked, is his own Hebrew translator, and as such other Hebrew scholars aver that he occu pies a high position. Aristocratic Landowners. — The purchase of land on a huge scale in Australasia and America by English peers is one of the most noteworthy incidents of the times (observes a London contemporary). The late Earl of Carnarvon acquired 300,000 acres in Western Australia during his colonial tour of 1887 ; the Duke of Sutherland owns 200,000 acres, the Duke of Manchester 150,000, and Lord Brassey 10,000 in the same colony. Lords Denbigh and Winchelsea have large landed interests in Queensland. Lords Rpsebery and Sherbrooke are owners of city property in Sydney. River Levels.— The following shows the state of the rivers above summer level at th6 undermentioned places at 9 a.m. on Wednes day, February 4 :— Murray— Euston, 12 Tt 8 in. ; Overland Corner, 17 ft. 2 in.; Morgan, 19 ft. 5 in. Murrumbidgee— -Hav, 20 ft 5 in., rising; Balranald, 12 ft 7 in'.; Tilpa, 30 ft 9 in., rising; Wilcannia, 28 ft, rising; Jlenindie, 23 ft 9 in.; Poonoarie, 21 ft 10 in.; ' Wentworth, 13 ft. 7 in. Namoi and Barwon— Brewarrina, 22 ft 6 in., rising ; Bourke, 29 ft 4 in., rising. Applicants for Land.— The attention of applicants for land who cannot personally attend. to give evidence in support of their applications before the Land Boards is by advertisement directed, to the forms supplied to tha various post-offices, detailing the infor mation winch should, accompany their applica tjqns,: '? ' : .Iv; j ..,.-;. ;,;:;.._ .i-;. 