THE BENDIGO ADVERTISER (PUBLISHED DAILY) PROGRESSION. OUR RIGHTS, AND OUR RESOURCES. BENDIGO, THURSDAY, DEC. 29, 1S9Z. BUSH FIRES. WITH the progress of summer and conse quent drying up of the grass in the northern parts of the colony, busli fires are becoming more frequent and each coming week is likely, to bear,it§ own record of destruction from this cause with'more:and Snore severity: The season has been a grand one for . the growth of grass. It is high and close, and when, such a den^e, body is. thoroughly dried by the fine summer's sun, tlie result cannot be otherwise than alarming when it catches lire. The telegraphic despatches from our correspondent tell of a most..disasti;ous bush fireihaving occurred in the Coliuna and Gun-^ lipAver.^.'west'' disteidts.' ? It .brdke out in a paddock some tliree miles from the Macorna West Postoffice, and on the' fiery lyings of a strong hot wind it spread rapidly IS In four hours it had ravaged an area of 40 square miles, notwithstanding every, effortmade by residents to stay, its. progress.Fencing, stacks of hay," hundreds of bags of wheat, farm buildings, machinery and numbers of sheep were destroyed by. the flames of: the fire. ? The' Cohuha" creamery buildings were burned to the. grpundi; and it )v'asVwith diffi culty: ; that: farmers' : dwellings ' were saved/' Bufc ; for- -a' ' change of wind stopping the progress of the fire further ...immense :. destruction of property would probably ha ve ensued. It was hoped that, the water /races .of'the Cohuna Trust Tvould have been a check to the flames, l>ut tlie fire leapt across the narrow strips of water with impunity, \ " Such is the sum of the brief telegraphic,, newsof what occurred on. Ghristirias:;;D!iy. ' Instead' of a; day of gladness ..and'? rejoicing .'it proved a day of loss'-and sorrow .fdrMinany.' :In other, parts f8f;tKb";fc'olouy, in^VItiverina'' of late: .BimUarly exteiisive ' liusli fires j hav,e; been raging and destroying., T'ies'e ires' happen '-'everjr year, and they' teach stern lessons to the settlers to which; rifc.wbuld-He^welKif'. th'ey^gaveilieed. '.tITs"it ' £pssible( ^'For hlljfchat; (farmers generally dp;.tp prpXect.themselves.it; .ke'ems-tthat 'they <haW:,c6me'-"tq the ''con'-] elusion that bush'fires',1 like earthquakes, epidemics, the poor, or the daily course of; the sun from dawning to setting, must be;: that they are immuntable things in the' course of Providence impossible to check,. and it would be impious toattemptto control. They do not appear to be educated up to the fact that they can help themselves, and consequently they thoughtlessly drift along and do the best they can, to save what they can when the catastrophe is on them. Misfortune is a hard teacher, but neces sary for tlie correcting, stimulating and bettering of humanity. When sheer laziness has to be prodded into activity, want of foresight called into existence, and dull perception brightened, misfortune often suc ceeds where kindly suggestions and sensible advice founded ou solid experience fail. The ever yearly recurring bush fire is the hard teacher at work, and the sooner such a merciless fiogger is got rid of, or pushed into a corner where lie cannot do much harm, if he does no good, the better. For many years a teacher of a kindred nature, drought, held sway, but he-thanks to wise statemanship-has been pretty well drowned and rendered comparatively harm less in the flood of water, of irrigation trusts throughout the populated parts of Victoria, and he is no longer feared. Similar good work can be accomplished in getting rid of bush fires; But the effort must be made, and at the right time. proble ship, with a costly cargo, under full sail, scudding across the ocean before a brisk breeze is a grand sight. All on board feel happy and secure. But a little cloud appears on the distant horizon. The cap tain knows that sudden storms arise, but is indifferent or careless or thinks it is nothing but a passing cloud and pays no heed and lounges in his''cabin" or amuses himself. with thje passengers. The cloud, however, "is but the pilot of the'storm which conies roaring on". ~ The"" wind begins' to strengthen, the waves to rise, the ship to heave. Then the captain gives the order to take in r all sail t>ut ifc is >too late. The ! cyclone in its fury is/upon. liiiu, the sails jai'e shivered"-into tatters,;the' masts bioken : like: matchwood, and his . ship'and all ori : board in an instant are. swallowed in the ' raging"' ocean. VA watchful 'captain would i have anticipated, tlie storm, made timely preparations to meet it and saved his ship. ; So it must be with the farmer in protecting j his homestead and its precious stores against | bush fires. They arise suddenly from i unforseen quarters,' but the farmer knows ; about the time > of . their coming and pre parations should be made beforehand to : save the property'; they would otherwise destroy. '' . How can this .best be done ? The efforts i which farmers .make-at the last:moment to save their dwellings clearly points the way. i They burn all the grass for a certain .dist ance around their habitation, and when 'the bush fire rushes tip it has, nothing to lay' hold of, arid passes'oh devouring everything ! outside the magic', circle that protects the home,' and from witliiri its safety the farmer : gazes with heavy heart, as, with : his tearful wife and scared children'beside him, he sees his stacks and barns, .the result of-his year's labor, rand his out-buildings and implements, . which have cost, him,'it may be, other,years, of 'toil, perish before -his eyes, and 'the* ; thought strikes him, and lie mutters, "Oh,1 what a fool I have, been ; why did,.I not burn the grass around alLr these before, and savo fheiri as well as ' the' dwelling;"; .Siiich may be done by individual exertion through this burning off process in saving fences on every selection, and; a tnnk on wheels" kept, always .full-.of water; with force pump at tached, is very handy . in fire emer gencies about the,homestead^ for the pro tection^ of h6use. or. stacks,'-A;.gelier:il and;, combined' effort' tfould : meet with sui^'rising success', in locating bush.iires to very small areas.: Many ;parts'of the coun try present .peculiar facilities for this purpose, especially . wherever. trust water races "run. . Suppose that' settlers in respective districts fom^themselyes into volunteer bush fire brigades- and. at fitting times burned off the grass, say f<jr half a cliaiii, Jor a chain if ne cossary, on each side, of the main, races,; Armed with suitable: fire beaters and a small force ' pump and hose, or a watering "cart, conveyed along-the race by .a horse to damp the grass on the boundary line'of the burn ing off, ' all " danger ' would' be reduced to a. minimum. Extensive bush /.fires -in many parfs of the country; would thus be rendered impossible....' The sliii-e councils, we have-no doubt,'.- would willingly supply the pumps or watering carte,', or,'whatever; other appliances' were deemed' best. ' Better . a '..'thousand times burn a little grass alongside- of a race thanlwire a whole country side burned up and hundreds of settlers :all but, ruined; If anything is to 1)6 done to prevent;bush fires; it should be done quickly. TEE .-MAKDDEANO ELECTORATE..- - It is rumored that Mr. J. M.' Highett, the repre sentative ot the Mandurang electorate, who is at present out of the colony, will probably shortly resign his seat; . The hon. D. Coutts, who isone of the most popular, members in the other branch ofthc legislature; and who is one of the representatives for the North-western Province; will, it is also:stated, resign his seat in the Upper House and nominate :for the vacancy in the Assembly ' caUsed by :Mr. Highett's retirement. Should the hon. gentle man decide, upon ' that course he 'would nn : doubtedly be elected unopposed. Should how ever, he not do so, Mr. James Coutts, of Prarie, an .ex-president of the East Loddon Shire Coun cil, and a gentleman who: is deservedly held in the highest esteem throughout the electorate, is'mentioned as being Ktikely candidate. : THE TRAMWAYS.- During -the holidays the Tram way Company has been doing an excel lent business, and everything is now .workinsr satisfactorily. The'full returns have'not yet been made up, but it is estimated that fully. 27,000 fares have '.been collected , since Satur day. last.".- -On Boxing--.; Day- the -, receipts amounted to £103, one 'trip.alone, with two cars attached to the motor, resulting.in over £7 being taken. ; .THE HOLIDAY RAILWAY, TRAFFIC.-The re turns of the' railway' traffic outwards for the week ending Monday, 2Gth inst. '(Box.irig;l5ay), show an increase on last year's takings for the same period. The' follov.'iiig 'figures show the number of passengers and receipts'last year and this:-Main line-1891 ji-4,214 passengers, £963 16s 2d; :1892, 4,449 passengess, £1,154 6s 8d. Eclmca line-- 1891, 773 passengers, £121 Is Id; 1S92, 720 passengers, £122'18s lid. 'Swan Hill line-1891, 749 passengers,'£123 12s 2d; 1892, I 531 passengers, £102 14s Sd,' Wycheproof line -1891, 817 passengers, -£97 'lis Id; 1892, 517 I passengers,, £72.0s Sd. Wallan line-1891, 370 j passengers, £38 3$ 6d';'1892,373 passengers, £38 2s 8d. Total,l1891, 6,923pa8sengers/£l,349 4s; totals, !1892,i 6,590 passengers,; £lr,490 3s 7d. During the holidays," the service has been well arranged> by -the: district traffic manager, Mr. Fox Pollard, and - efficiently carried out under the s'uperyision of.Messrs. Sinclair and M'Tag gart, stationmasters. , THE MATOEAL'CONCERTS.-The first of a series of open-air eyeiiiug. concerts inaugurated by the mayor (Mr J. H. Abbott) was given in Rosalind .Park last evening, and there, was a large attendance,:which testified to the great popularity of the mayor's efforts to provide innocent amusement for the citizens. Since last surfimer the permanent seating accommoda tion about therotundalias been greatly increased and in addition a number of chairs were provided.. The lighting was also of first-class character, Messrs. H. M. Marks and 3. G. Gadd having, very kindly' busied themselves in ar ranging a number of bengaline lamps about the neighborhood of the rotunda, which afforded a brilliant: light. Northcott's band discoursed the following - programme :- Quick march, "Faugh-a-Ballagh" (W. O'Kecfe) j"'?'-'waltz, " Crenie de.la Creme" (J. 'Robinson); selection, 'rLes Martyrs" (Donizetti); polka; " TheMorn ing Star" (W..V. Scholes); fantasia,' "Sylvia" (Sydney Joues); : waltz, . "Gloria" (Ed. St. Quinten);,grand selection, Gems of Erin " (H. Round); morceaux, .'/The Bulgarian. Patrol" (C. Kiefert); Christmas carol (A), "Stella" {Anon); (BJ,.*'The Herald Angel" (S. Harper); '(C), - '/Arise"'and' Hail". (S. -Harper); grand chorus,."Hallelujah" (arrangedby G'Round). NARROW ESCAPE. -A young man uamed Bes wick experienced a very harrow escape .whilst out shooting yesterday.!: He was walking about when he was struck on the side of the third finger of the 'right hand b p a stray shot fired by another"spoVtsirian in the 'same locality. The shot.penetrated the skin of the back of the hand, and was removed by Dr. James :3adie, jnnr. THE ACCIDENT TO MR. BOYS.-Our Ingle Vfqod- correspondent, writing yesterday, states that on inquiry at the hospital" at a late. hour last. evening;-:it was ascertained that there was no improvement noticeable in the conditjon of Mr. BO3tS who was so seriously injured at'Bren anah on Sunday morning last. MISPLACED CHARITY.-That charitable assist ance is not always sought and obtained bj- those who best deserve it. was exemplified agair. Yes terday morning at the City Police Court, when two women, Anna Davis and Emma Clarke, were presented, the first charged with drunken ness and the second with using obscen.* lan guage. Sergeant Fahcy informed the bench that both women were assisted from the funds of the city poor box on Christmas eve and im bibed too freely during the holidays. Thev were the only t wo who had so far committed themselves out of 120 persons who had received assistance from the poor box. The bench marked their disapproval of the conduct of the women by fining the first 10s, in default three days imprisonment, and the second £-2, in de fault, one month in gaol. DEATH OF AN OLD BENDIGONIAN - Intelli- gence has been received in this city of the death of Mr. R. E. Allen, an old Bendigonian of about 30 years standing. Mr. Allen left Bendigo about two years ago, for Reefton, New Zealand, where he had charge of the Golden Lead mine. Deceased, who leaves a wife and family of seven, all grown up, was 54 years ofa ge, was a native of Cornwall and arrived in Victoria in 1854. Mr. Allen was a prominent member of the Reehabite Order and was con- nected with the Star of Bendigo Trust. LUST IK TUE BUSII. - On Monday last at Daylfsford, a little boy, named Baker, about eight years of age, was playing near the mineral springs, when he wandered into the bush and has not been seen since. The police were in formed, and search parties organised, but no signs of the child could be found. The bljick trackers have been telographed for? THE AKT GALLERY.-This popular place of resort lias been well pn.lrouise<l during the holidays, a very large proportion of the visitors being strangers from a distance, all of whom expressed themselves as being surprised as well as delighted at the fine collection, of pictures the committee have on view. The number of visitors (as computed by Mr. J. B. Harris, the curator) on Monday was 1.1S4, and on Tuesday 1,236." " . " .. . - THE PROSPECTING BOARD.-Mr. M. Collmann the retiring member of theTroapecting Board, Tepresenling -the Miners'- Association, has re ceived communications from the Coy's Diggings 'and Rushworth branches of the association notifying that he has been selected as the 'nominee' of those branches to represent Ithein on the Prospecting Board during : the ensuing twelve months. The, Hush worth branch also accorded him a hearty ivote of thanks for his serS'ices "during the past year. Mr. Collmann has already been Inominated by the Bendigo brancli and it is more than probable . that the Reedy, Creek ibranch, the only other one interested, will also nominate him,- so that virtually he has been re flected. FASHIONABLE WEDDING.-The marriage of ?Mr. J. B. Roberts, B.A., LL.M., to Miss Mary iRymer, third daughter of Mr. J. W. Rymer, isolicitor, was solemnised yesterday morning at ;St. Luke's Church of England, White Hills, in 'the presence of a very large number of friends. The ceremony was performed by the YeniArch ideacon MacCullagh, assisted by the Revs. J. iGarlick, of All Saints',-H. J. Mitchell, brother jin-laW of the bride, and S. Cole.' The- three sisters of the bride and three sisters of the ibridegroom attended as bridesmaids, and Mr. 'Vernon Ryirier acted as groomsman. After the !ceremony, about GO guests sat down to the iwedfling'-brieakfast at' -the residence of the . ibride's parents. Archdeacon MacCullagh oc 'cupied the chairand; the: Rev. J. Garlick the vice-chair. - Amongst the; guests were Dr. and Mrs. Quick,1 the Row H: J. and* Mrs.'Mitchell, iandtheRev. S. Cole. J The healths of the bride land bridegroom were proposed by Archdeacon MacCullagh.:' The Rev. S.' Cole proposed the healths.of the bridesmaids, the Rev. J., Garlick' tlio.lieaith of the ..parents of ^ the bride,' and Dr. Quick the healths of the parents of the bride groom. . ; t FXRE AT HAYWOOD.-Yesterday, morning- a ,'ffre broke out in the,long grass in a paddock be longing to Mr. J. P.' league, but was very fortunately.; stopped- before it had,spread far; Owing to the prompt ..assistance rendered by 'a .large number., of the inhabitants, the damage 'was confined' to about 12 acres of grass The (fire ,was caused'' by : t wo . boys, who, in a most'careless mariner, were burning out- a irabbit. Had..'thiswind /been at- all strong jnothirig could have- prevented damage being ,done to a large extent.of country. | THE EASTERN VERMIS .BOAR*D:--Ihe nomi nations, to fill the vacancies j on, tlic Eastern Vermin Board caused by the retirement of the :whole .board by effluction of time (writes, our !Kerang correspondent)"closed, on Wednesday,' c21st.}...There were five nominations' received, . namely,_ "Messrs.', \V. J. Ingram', James !Lonergan, Robert "Hastings, John Irving and ? Charles Dayid Anderson. The firstfour named I gentlemen were : retiring members, and the ; latter is a new member and filled the place of Mr..'J?.' J.- Hogan,;who had decided to retire.' , The new members commence office on 1st Janu ary. .' j CITS- POUCE CODST.-Messrs.; R^ B. . Ander |son and T.. II. Henderson,. Js.P., presided i yesterday. Sir,ih Lowe, charged,with drunken j ncss, was remanded'for a week to allow her to ?recover-.from the effects of .over indulgence. . Nora Patterson, -similarly 'charged,- was dis i charged. Catherine Dowsey,- for the same ! offence, was fined 20s; and Annie Davis also for being brunk was fined 10s. Emma Clark was ? charged by Constable Featherstone with using . obscene"language on Saturday last. "The-offence i was proved, and a' fine of 40s in default one , month's (imprisonment was imposed. Several debt" cases 'were -heard; and the court ad journed. , INSOLVENCY MEETIMJS.-A meeting; in the insolvent ..estate of Thos.. Richard Brown,, of Bendigo',' ironfouhdeir,'was held'before the clerk of the Insolvency'Court, Mr. Irvin Martin^ yesterday, ..when : .proofs; of; 'debts^ amount ing to £385 18s jld. were handed in. The principal debts; were Thos. Carter, wages and' money paid, £125 ; D. ' Hcirse field, goods and dishonored bill, £54 IDs . 6d; E. S. Redpath, promissory note and dis honored cheque, £17; A. Roberts,-goods, £1-1 . 4s ,3d; H. Holmes, rent, £13; ,T. Hunter, dis honored-cheque, £11; 'R..-Carter, wages, £12 12s; R. Johnston, goods, £15 4s 9d; W. Crow ley, money lent, £1,6; ,YV. S. Lewis, dishonored ! acceptance, £50; A. Bush, Supreme* Court judgment, £20 Ps. Oa_tlie motion of Mr. W. Crowley, seconded by Mr. T. Horsfield, the in solvent's fnrnitnre was granted to him, and it was'deeided to carry on the business until sold; and that the insolvent be allowed £2 5s per week fOr assisting in working the lms-'ness. The meeting then closed. A meeting of creditors in the' estate of W. P. Pearce, painter, insolvent,"' was held. Two creditors, were present in "per son, and debts amounting to £24; lis were proved. ; A meeting in connection with the in . solvency, of, H.; Trevascus, commission agent, was held, when debts amounting to £53 8s 1-1 d ' were proved, including Connelly "and Co's: account of £43 lis 3d. - "In.connection with the insolvent estate of L; Stefan'ini,1 publican, and Wv; H.'Katiiers, miner,- meetings .were opened, but'no'creditors were present and' no debts proved.. . .,. V ' ' GOSSIP F'ROM MARONG.-Our lo:al corrcs pondent writes Our old and esteemed mem ber of the Shire Council, Mr. Michael Burke, has not long returned from his trip, to Europe before he signifies his intention to once more enter the arena of contest for public honors, and I have that gentleman's authority to inti mate the fact. Of course, let each contestant embattle his own forces, and use all legitimate means to ensure a victory; but Mr. Burke's general approval will tell largely in his favor: against any other, and his conduct upon all former occasions will doubtless. redound to his credit, and secure him a great measure of sup port. Mandurang, at all events, will be well contested, and may the most worthy win. DROWNED-IN THE CASH-ASPE.-A magisterial', inquiry, was held at Evneton, yesterday, touch ing the':death of a young man named Charles Slater, who was found drowned yesterdav in the ;Campas'pe;'near Langley., whence he- went to fish. He was was subject to epileptic fits; and it is supposed 'that wJiile sitting ! on the bank lie was seized with a fit, which caused him to fall in.,- A verdict,of accidental death was returned. ; TRAFFIC RETURNS.--The Victorian raiiwayre turnsfor week ending22ud December, 1892,show the following results Miles open, 2,903; corresponding week in 1891, ending ^ 24th December, 2,798; total for the week, £57;523; for corresponding week in 1891, £72,278 10s 3d. Aggregate to this date from 1st July, 1892, £1,392,426; for the corresponding period in 1891, £] ,497,465 3s (deduct two days' traffic, £17,000, before comparing).' Weekly average, 25 weeks in > 1892, £55,697 0s 9d ; for the corresponding period in 1891, £59,89812s Id. .'. . .. .' : ; ; ? ; INGEEWOOD POLICE COTOT.-At the Court"of Petty Sessions on Tuesday r (writes- our .local correspondent) a' young man ; named' James Green: was brought, before the mayor (Miv J.F. Klein), Mr. J. M. Saunders and Dr. Taylor, JB.P., charged with unlawfully assaulting Kate Ah Yem at the Chinese camp on Christmas Day, and also with damaging a hat, valued at 12s 6d. Senior- constable Conlan was apprised of the assault, but on visiting the camp found that the assailant had disappeared. He ob tained his description, and a warrant was issued for his arrest, the result being that he was ap prehended the following morning near, the ,rail wa'y station by Moiintod-constable Martin." For the first offence he was fined 40s, with £1 Is costs, in default seven days', and for the .latter 10s, with 12s Gd damages, in default the usual alternative. Although a stranger iu the district, the police ascertained that there were many previous convictions recorded against him" Yesterday morning .Margaret Harridge, an old offender, was brought before Dr. Taylor, J.P charged with drunkeness, and as she had such a lengthy record on the watchliouse book, pre sented by Senior-constable Conlan, who arrested her,'another was added for £5, in default. 14 days' imprisonment. A woman named Kate Munro, who had also been celebrating the Christmas festivites in company with the pre vious defendant, was cautioned and let off with a light fine of os, or 24 hours' imprison ment. fiiE HEATIICOTE RUNAWAY TRAIN.-The Standard ,-tates that the Railway Commisioners have not .vet decided what reward shall be given to the boy Paxton who acted so pluckily in connection with the recent Kilmorc railwav accident. It appears from a communication rc~ cei\ ed by the Commissioners thiit another pas senger claims the credit of 'laving stopped the runaway train, and until the two claims have been thoroughly sifted by the traffic authorities the Commissioners will withhold their promised reward. VARIETY ENTERTAINMENT.-The old Lyceum Theatre, which has for some years past been devoted to commercial use, has once more been utilized for its original purpose. ? Professor Alfred Sylvester, the well-known illusionist, has taken a short lease of tiie premises, and in tends to give afternoon ar.d evening perfor mances during the ensuing month. The interior of the building has been "fitted up at one end with a nice little stage, and the programme embraces a number of attractive items,"includ ing character sketches, acrobatic, serio- comic songs and dances by different members of the company, each of whom acquitted themselves very creditably. Iu addition to Lhe principal performance by the professor, a number of side shows were on view, and were duly appreciated. The performances will take place this after noon and evening. POOR BOX.-Sergeant Fahey acknowledges with thanks £ls Is from Mr. M, Levy towards the funds of the city poor bos. New INSOLVENT. - William John Ristrom, of Moora, near Rushworth, farmer. Liabilities, £1,228; assets, £1,541; surplus, £313. Causes of insolvency, failure in crops, inability to realise on estate, and pressure of creditors. Assignee, John Hasker. Attorneys, Connelly, Tatchell and Dunlop. THE KINGSTON-BAKER DUEL.-According to the South Australian Advertiser no active steps have yet * been taken in connection with Mr. Kingston's challenge to Mr. Baker. On Satur day morning the Crown Solicitor prepared an information - against. Mr. - Kingston - charging', him with inciting Mr. Baker to commit a breach of the peace. The document Hvas forwarded to ;Mr. Baker with the request that he would sign lit, but this he refused to do, so that matters 'are at a standstill. Inspector Sullivan, who jhas possession of both revolvers, - affirms that ?each is in good working order, and it is stated jthat. so far from the weapon which Mr. Kingston sent to Mr. Baker "being defective it works jmore easily than that retained by Mr. Kingston. |A statement was made that only one cartridge jwas forwarded to Mr." Baker, but this is'also' 'incorrect. Later telegraphic news in ,the Herald, says that the Government has de termined to take action against Mr. Kingston, Tiut the police cannot find him to serve the writ. It is understood that he is away holiday making. The offence with which Mr.Kingston is charged is provoking a breach of the peace. by sending a challenge, is a high misdemeanor punishable by fine or imprisonment, or both. The case will be heard in the police court. ; New YEAR HONORS.-By next Monday three, members of the Legislature are expected to re ceive^New Year's gifts in the shape of knight hood, viz., Mr. W. A. Zeal, President of the .Legislative Council; Mr. N. . Fitzgerald, the oldest- member of the sa.me House and Mr. Thomas Bent,'-'Speaker of the Legislative;,-As sembly. ..One of'the honors may, -however;' lie ."held over" till Her Majesty's birthclay. , -THE .ALISON- SMITH -BOARD.-Although;the; lAlison Smith Board has riot yet resumed its public sittings, the inquiry is far 'from being" jtfie dead letter it is popularly believed to be. ;The members of the board are making a tour of inspection of the workshops iu Mr. Smith's ^department, and Mr. H. W. M'Leod, the chief jelerk2 in insolvency, is busying himself during the legal vacation in preparing a statement' of evidence for and against ME. Alison'Smith for the benefit of Mr. C. A. Smyth, who (the Standard understands) has been selected by the Crown Law department to assist the board in ?investigating the efficiency or otherwise of the locomotive department. _ ; SCANDAL IN HIGH LIFE.-A matrimonial case of a : l-evolting nature. lias been made public. A member of the English aristocracy, whose name is at present only vaguely hinted at,'is ,alleged to. have compassed a scandalous marriage: According to the story he'was the* ^pretended guardian of a young woman who was jreally his illegitimate daughter,, and was reared jat Milan in Italj-'. The relationship between [the pair was kept secret,:and .eventually they 'were married. Recently the- wife discovered ? the fact that she had, married her father, and ishe immediately fled from his liouse. Legal ^proceedings have been instituted in the case. 