SALUS POPULI SUPREMA EST LEX. (To the Editor of the Maitland Mercury.) SIR,-Are the industries of a young progressing country supposed to be encouraged, supported, and protected by the puerile attempts of the established Government to favour them by means of unjust and ruining over- taxation of those for whose laud- able exertions and perseverance during the first and trying periods in the history of this colony, we ought to be thankful for its increasing importance amongst nations belonging to modern civilization ? Humanum est errare, and legislators as well as other mortals, are liable to err occasionally, per- chance. It is their duty nevertheless to endeavour to correct such legislative errors before their conse- quences become too disastrous, bringing the curse of thousands over their authors, and at their short- sightedness and inability. This colony is of course principally a pastoral country. Undaunted, hopeful, and hard-working pioneers settled it at first. Exposed to dangers and hardships, they chose some land where they could feed their herds of cattle, and later on of sheep. They paid in course of time a small rent to the Government for the privilege of using this land, which leased lands eventually became a sort of private property, bought and sold in the markets as if freehold land. It is true that many of these lease lauds in our time-when money, luck, and unprincipled shrewdness (not true merit, hard work, and honesty) are ruling the world, have passed into the hands of mercantile syndicates, which have attempted to benefit by thus investing their surplus cash. We will, however, now speak of the apparently unjust appraisement of land leased by settlers in the northern and western districts. Settlers who, many of them, have spent the best part of their lives in struggling with a not always congenial climate, with excessive heat, droughts, floods, and bush fires, so frequent in those districts. We shall speak for these settlers, and choose out of hundreds an example in order to illustrate the great injustice which they have ex- perienced from the hands of those responsible individuals who ought in a rational manner to have incastigated the question before they induced the Land Boards to appraise the rent so as to cause the ruin of settlers who had deserved a better fate. A settler, a homestead lessee, for instance, has since many years back leased an area of land, say about 10,000 acres. He stocks it after saving and battling hard with droughts, floods, and fires with about three or four thousand sheep. From these he derives, at the present low price of wool, an annual income of about three or four thousand pounds, but out of this he had to pay a rental of 2d per acre, amounting to about £88. He had also to pay for fences, river dams, and other improve- ments, and to save some money to cover losses through successions of droughts, disastrous floods, and raging fires. He had moreover to pay wages, back rents, and God knows what, and had besides to keep his family in some well-deserved comfort. Anyone endowed with rational reasoning faculties can easily infer that not many pounds could be wasted in luxuries. However, legislators who evidently imagined that he had the best of it managed to "inspire" the land boards to appraise his rent from 2d to 4d per acre or a hun- dred percent, at a time when a drought was im- pending, when bush-fires had reduced his stock and consumed his grass, and when the price of wool was lower than ever. This hardworking and honest pioneer, and hundreds besides him, had decidedly not the best of it, whatever the authorities may presume. We do not know if the gentleman who was Minister of Lands when the late assessment of leases by the local land boards took place, had induced or ordered the chairmen to appraise the land as they did, but we have been led to believe that this was the case. Certain it is, however, that there are very few, if any, inhabitants in these dis- tricts who doubt that he was the originator of the monstrous injustiae that has been perpetrated, and that the partial ruin, despair, and excusable indig- nation of many deserving settlers was caused (per- chance unintentionally) by a legislator whose evident indiscretion will cause so much misery. Any rational, observant, and intellectual being can easily infer (when taking as premises the unmistakeable and significant social movement of the time)-that we live on the verge of a great social revolution.-We know, however, that any great and important reform generally will be follow by a violent and dangerous reaction, if a nation or community is net thoroughly prepared and ripe for change. Legislative measures like the late assess- ment of leases will force into the ranks of those who with heart and soul, but, perchance, too enthusiastical and premature battle for a social reform,-thousands of able and loyal men who be- fore,-collectively considered,-had served as a regulator, as it were, in the great social clockwork, the powerful spring of which is the innate tendencies of mankind to develop and pro- gress towards an ideal perfection, and gener- ally to improve its conditions. However, the beforementioned legislative blunder is now committed, and it is, perchance, the duty of the present Government to try to make its conseqhencoa less fatal. The present Minister of Lands evidently disapproves of his predecessor's agrarian experi- ments ; but why not, without hesitation and delay, order the revision, by a special Land Court, of the questions of rental on leaseholders ? Tht author of these lines is not a native of this fair, sunny, youthful, and promising country, nor is he a lessee of any Crown land ; but it has been his lot to visit a great many of the civilized com- munities in the world, and he has with interest observed and studied the development and solution of agrarian and social questions and problems. Being an ardent lover of truth and justice, and having an unbiassed and unprejudiced mind he thought it to be bis duty to draw in this humble and, perchance, ineffectual manner, the public attention to one of the most revolting, unjust and unnecessary Legislative measures that ever has Iome to his knowledge. FRITHIOF ARWIDSSON. Wirra Warra, via Brewarrina, April 11. 