OUR TOWNSHIPS, FARMS, AND HOMESTEADS. SOUTHERN DISTRICT NoXVII [By A Native. From Strathalbyn to Macclesfield my next excursion was made, previous to doing the trip to Callington and Monarto. The road leading thither is well known to old travellers by coach. Following its line the residence of the Hon. J. L. Stirling is seen to the left, its surroundings partaking of land which may be justly termed very rich, that recently turned over by the plough look ing good enough for anything. Further on most of the country adjacent to the road is held by our popular southern M.L.C., and is used principally for graz ing purposes. In the hollow to the right washaways exist, and they 'cut' the land through a considerable depth of goodly soil. These always occur in places adjacent to where 'big timber' has been cleared. The road uphill from here is bordered by gumtrees, sheaoaks, and grass, with stink wort galore on the flats previously culti vated. Most or nearly all the fences are constructed of stone, and are thorefore repellant or obstructive to bushfires, which might sweep away what used to be termed ' the people's grass.' The latter is here abundantly noticeable, but was in places dry and ungrazed. Leading uphillwards, from whence a beau tiful view of the lake is obtainable, the land of the wattle was again reached. Many of the young trees had been killed by the frost, owing to their natural canopy, or protectors— the gumtrees— having been too freely rung or dispensed with. No plough-furrowed emblems of former cultivation are here observable, but story outcropping ridges, which barred them, occupy their places. Ap proaching Macclesfield, old willows and older gums skirt the banks of the creek, which runs onwards to assist the Angas in the flowing business, and the locality, which formerly owned the pretty native name of Kangooarinilla, may yet be well remembered as a favourite camping-place by many who drove their bullock aud horse teams from Strathalbyn to Adelaide in the early forties. Of the township of Macclesfield it can only be said that it presented an exceedingly lazy appear ance. Several stores, steadings, and the old brewery are closed, and few visitors to-day would recognise it as the Macclesfield of yore. Of old in habitants there is one, a centenarian — I refer to Mrs. Mott, whose history has recently been published in the columns of this newspaper. Of its old internal and surrounding identities in the matter of buildings the mention of a few will suffice. Lashbrooke, built upon and planted by tho late Rev. J. B. Austin, will be well remembered. He purchased the estate from Mr. Roger Cunliffe, a London banker. In tho township the old store, built and still inhabited by Mr. H. Dancker, is a landmark connected with the district's former flourishing history. Tho old fruit-trees in the garden at the back of the store are still very productive, and so they should be, considering their favoured location. The other old store, known as Gould's, has long since been closed, and although still adapted to the purposes for which it was erected it is now only used for storing chaff. The well-known brewery, with its wonderful ' accompaniment, the spring, were of course visited, but the occupation of the building ' has lost 'its situation' for more than twelve months. The boiler connected with its former operations has long since been taken out, and the building with its capacious cellarage is now unused. Never theless, for fruit-preserving, a wattle bark mill, or as a cheese and butter factory it is eminently adapted. In this connection should dairying here be more encouraged than it has hitherto been at Strathalbyn the rich flats between Macclesfield and Echunga would act as valuable accessories for the produce of milk, being similarly situated to those near the Meadows. Macclesfield's mar vellous spring, situated on the rise near the old brewery, was still bubbling up and pulsating like a human artery. Worthless here, but would fetch any price at Broken Hill,' my companion remarked. 'Take it there, and I'll go. you half profits for the first six months,' said Mr. Dancker, jun. This township is another of tho faded 'has beens' of the South, which in time will assuredly 'come again.' To Callington was the best of Host Fallon's horses next directed from Strath-' albyn. Previously I had done a portion of the journey as far as Hartley by means of the one-horsed mail conveyance. Its Jehu was a Salvationist, and I'm afraid we both had a bad time of it. He, of course, looked upon me as a sinner and wanted to convert me, simply because I happened to be ' taking notes like any other bookmaker.' It was a hungry and thirsty drive in his company. Not altogether so to him, for he partook of a good luncheon the other side of a fence whilst I was taking unmasticatory and dissatisfying notes of the country, which in better seasons might be the more suit able for 'grazing' purposes generally. But to resume. The track diverges to Woodchester from near New Hamburg, and its road, once traversed by horses dragging golden grain formerly reaped in the locality beyond, is now prin cipally used by the wagons of wood carters. Flocks and herds, owned by a few, occupy the land once tickled by the plough and fed off by reaping machines. The animated mowers of to-day don't take off the grassy crops in half so cleanly a fashion as did the reapers of yesterday. To the left of the road is seen the old homestead named ' Burnside' by its former owner and builder. Intervening is a flat dotted with dead gumtrees, which looks as though it had been formerly covered by a lake. On the banks of the washaway or water course now intersecting it sheep were browsing, but in the winter months they scatter considerably to graze on the well-grassed slopes. Nearing the turn-off leading to Bletchley an old ruined home stead is passed, the roof of its building having been taken off to prevent its pos sible ignition by careless 'sundowners,' who formerly camped there when on the tramp. This and the neighbour ing properties are owned by the Mar chant Estate, and is used entirely for grazing purposes. From over the rise to Bletchley a splendid view lakewards is obtainable, and the country, especially towards Langhorne's Creek, forcibly reminds one of Gippsland. The post office at the latter place is portion of a Farmhouse. Beyond nothing further is worthy of comment save and except that tho land is a good light loam. The Church and its surrounding burial-place is afterwards met with, the land for both having been presented by the Hon. J. L. Stirling. In the cemetery the names on headstones read as follows : — Isaac Bel lingham, Mrs. Berry Smith, George Edwards, and Robert Sweet. Returning to the main road, near the turn-off to Bletchley, the chimney-stack of the old Wheal Ellen Mine is seen. Further up the road are deserted homesteads, with land once furrowed by ploughs guided by strong and sinewy arms, but now owned and used for grazing purposes by the Messrs. Stirling. Paddocks covered with an enviable growth of wild oats are met with, the latter not fed off, owing pre sumably to the scarcity of water for stock within the boundary fences. Nearing Woodchester a locality was pointed out where formerly the wheat yield "ranged as high as sixty bushels per acre," said Mr Berry Smith. But the once busy hum of reapers is now almost unknown in the district. The buildings in the township of Woodchester are somewhat scanty and scattered, and are situated for the most part on the banks of Rodwell's Creek. The latter contains some fine waterholes, and is permanent. The Onaunga District Council Chamber occu pies a site near the bridge spanning the creek. Tho native name 'Onaunga' denotes ' Big Waterhole,' which is appropriate. Below the bridge beneath a rocky outcrop is a miniature artesian spring of the Macclesfield type. It rises about nine inches in an earthenware pipe above the ground level. Lucerne and other fodder plants grow well on the creek's banks. From the road can be seen the site of the old euphoniously named 'Tinpot' diggings, where gold in the early days was discovered. Tho old ' pub' near by, christened after the locality, has since tumbled down. It doubtlessly could not support its classical title. From here on to Hartley wattles try to grow if per mitted, but grazing is now the order of the day, 'and sheep go for wattles.' Hartley, or rather its surroundings, as viewed from the township's post-office, savour more of tho bucolic than the edu cational. The post- office, situated some fifty yards from the roadside, is difficult of approach by portly people. Sugar-gums are planted on the rise near the entrance thereto, and their juvenile growth is protected by two fences of tightly strung barbed-wire, struggling boneath which is apt to' remind one of unpaid tailors' bills. Below the post-office runs the Bremer. After whom it was named I was unable to ascertain. Two windmills are seen working on the flats below. Near one is an irrigated orchard and fifteen acres of lucerne, owned by Mr. Henry Cross, who has occa sionally obtained prizes for fruit at both the Strathalbyn and Mount Barker Shows. On the uppermost river shelving outcrops of limestone predominate, and most of the homesteads adjacent are enclosed by walls of that material. The first of the holdings on the Bremer Flats was then inspected and on it is located the home stead of Mr. T. Jaensch, jun., who when I called was busily engaged with other workers in the erection of an extension to his buildings. Only a small stretch of the river flat is owned by him, but it comprises land of first-class quality. Irrigation is not necessary here at all seasons, for tho river's winter floods are all that is required. Lucerne growing here was fully two feet high, that is, the portion reserved for the garnering ot seed. The small orchard, though planted too close, and a plot of vines are doing well. The former is situated under the brow of the northernmost upper bank of the river, and although subjected to occa sional flood-spurts no harm is occasioned, as the natural ' let-off' for flood waters is good. After crossing the river I visited the sites recently built upon b) blockers, situated opposite Mr. Jaensch's on the other slope of the river. The soil consists of a light clayey loam, and it may safely be said that the lines of the occupants have fallen in pleasant places. There are five blockers in all, and in the erection of houses and fencing the residential clauses of their respective holdings have already been fulfilled. They were the only blocks available for occupation in the district of Onaunga, and were all taken up whan surveyed about twelve months since. The present holders intend for the most part engaging in fruitgrowing. Onwards, more lucerne paddocks, upon which horses and cattle were enjoying themselves. Up the valley of the Bremer leading towards Callington farms are seen on both sides of the river, and tho German village of Salem is reached. Its neatly built Church is its most attractive edifice, and over the doorway is an in scription in German — ' 'Christian Lutheran Church, 1899.' Beneath the tower is a dummy clock with hands and numerals painted on its face. The former point to 10 o'clock, de noting the hour of morning service. Never having been previously inside a Lutheran Church I went on this occasion, and can safely recommend other visitors to Salem to do likewise. It is the prettiest building of its size I have ever seen. Its altar, with polished cedar surroundings and overhead pulpit, is surmounted with an arched inscription. 'Friede sei mit Euch.' On its drapery of blue is worked a cross with floral surroundings in white, with the accompanying words, ' Konent denn es ist Alles bereit' (literal translation, ' Come, then ; it is all ready'). On either side of the pulpit are blackwood tablets, on which the numbers of the hymns are chalked, and at the side of the altar is the baptisimal font of solid manufacture. The seats or pews are of polished white cedar, whilst at the entrance over the doorway is a small organ oft situated beneath the belfry. Half he cost of this pretty liit'e structure was paid for by an old district resident, Mr. ' G. Jaensch. 'The price paid for the celebration of marriages here ought to be double,' said my driver, 'because the pretty surroundings would show off the ' bride, and might cause the bridegroom to look a littler fool than I did when I were tied up.' So much for Salem Chapel. Below it is an old farmhouse, constituting a provisional school, where of twenty -eight pupils all are Teutons save one. In the cemetery of this old-established settle ment were read the names of Hans Hein rich Stein, aged seventy-eight (tho first district schoolmaster), Mrs. Ernst Grimm, Johanne Karoline Klaebsch, Johan A. W. and Heinrich Louis Reimers, Christine Thiele. aged seventy-four, and Heinrich Theodor Leptien, all of whom wero formerly num bered amongst those of our most useful early colonists. The road further on spans the streams which just previous to their junction with the Bremer are named tho Mount Barker and Scott's Creeks. This neighbourhood may justly be termed the breeding land of the domesticated turkey; flocks of them are seen wander ing over the slopes, and in the distance resemble either pigs or sheep, ac cording to their colouring. A little further on the traveller is within the boundaries of ono of our earliest copper - mining townships — Callington. Of the buildings in this old mining vil lago tho word ' Ichabod' seems to be imprinted on many of their walls, and also on the wilderness of mining chimney stacks/ However, Callington has its little history, which may here bo briefly recounted. Its creation as a township was like that of Kapuhda and Moonta, or casioned by the accidental discovery of copper. A dray was being driven by Mr. John Kiernan over a section owned by the South Australian Company, when one of its wheels broke the cap of a copper lode, which was afterwards the site of tho Bremer Mine. The lode was subse quently worked on tribute by Mr. Thomas Lane. The first of the mines worked here systematically, some forty years ago, proved to be payable in tho first instance to English capitalists, but afterwards it was amalgamated with the Great Worthing Mine, and this combina tion proved to be the secret of its sub sequent ill-success. As an old resident said, ' One good horse in the shafts will pull as long as you want him, but couple him with a useless brute, and that'll soon double him up.' The development of the first mine was the occasion of the opening up of others, and this caused the creation of the township which was christened after its namesake in Cornwall. The pay-sheets of the various mines (some say one of them) at one time totalled as much as £3,000 per month, aud Callington rose from its swaddling clothes arid ran alone as a prosperous place of business. Now it is different. The pioneer mine, after having been developed lo a depth of 103 fathoms, has been shut down for over sixteen years. Crumbling chimney-stacks, with ruins in the shape of cemented dams, pudding- shaped powder magazines, and other acces sories to the raising and smelting of copper ore, here abound, and mark the sites of many properties which formerly boomed in matters mining. The Aclare Mine, situated three miles distant, was until recently the occasion of something in the shape of a revival in business matters, and although now 'shut down' it is to be hoped that its English pro prietary will shortly see their way clear to restart it, with mutual benefit to them selves and to the district. In the palmy days of the cupriferous era the cultivation of wheat contributed to the general welfare, but the old flourmill to which the farmers for merly forwarded their grist has long since been closed, and is now used as a stable, and wheat when I was there was being whirled along in tons on iron wheels and rails from over the Victorian Border, the produce principally of our former agriculturists. In previous articles the migration of farmers lo tho Wimmera has been re ferred to, and the number given me of those who have left this colony bound thither have varied considerably, and have not suffered in the matter of enlarge ment. However, I am now able to give a record which has been semi officially supplied from the Murray Bridge. The information gathered from the return shows that ' of farmers thirty two travelled to the bridge per rail' during the twelve months ended April, 1892, accompanied by their wives and their families, averaging about five in each. Of others on ' the over- border track' several travelled with their teams, wagons, and furniture as far as the Murray Bridge by road, from thence sending their families and luggage on by rail, and driving their teams across the desert to their destination. Of such there were twenty, making fifty-two in all during the period above noticed. At Callington I met one farmer and his family making their way thitherward. Its procession resembled a small caravan. The farmer led the way on horseback. Then a six-horsed wagon followed, driven by a young man hired as a farm servant. Its loading consisted of bags of chaff for horsefeed on the journey, and furniture, intended , to be sent on by rail from the bridge. A wagonette with the family, numbering eight, brought up the rear. The horses being ridden or driven numbered twelve. Tn conversation with the head of the family it was ascertained that he was a native of the colony, and had been farming ever since his boyhood, the farm recently vacated being situated in the District of Light, near Kapunda. Weary of trying to make a living there, and having a little money left, he had recently visited ' three of the other colonies on horse back.' 'What farming district or locality pleased you best of those visited]' I asked. 'Well,' he said, 'Warrack- nabeal, if you take the price of land into consideration. There, or in its neigh bourhood, you will see the cream of South Australia's farmers settled, and the yield of wheat last season ranged from 12 bushels (lowest) up to 24 in places. You see, the Victorian Government give every possible assistance to selectors. They tapped the Wimmera, and from it the water is reticulated to tanks, &c;, where ever the land has been opened for selec tion, and you can run it over the land without much in the way of waste, as it is good for water - holding.' Queried as to whether his wife and family didn't regret leaving their old home and friends, his reply was, ' Bless you, no ; they are going to most of the latter, and others we have left behind would be glad to go where we are going if they had the money. Sorry I didn't go earlier ; only I wanted to look before I leaped.' Then a tirade was indulged in about lands' suitable for farmers in the North being unavailable.' ' Land laws of the country and present legislation, damn the colony ; but the land and legislation ought to take a rest, and I'm going to help both on by leaving for a time. Then I'll come back, as this country will be right enough by-and-by, and it has more backbone in it than the Wimmera or anywhere else, although, by-the-way, I haven't seen a single flour mill at work all along the track from Kapunda to Callington, and these silent members are the speakers of what the farmer is doing here.' So ended my interview with the only one met with of tho many heard of during my southern trip who was on the ' over-border track,' as it is here designated. He was not a pessimist, nor do I wish to be, but such plain unvarnished tales as these speak for themselves, and are, or ought to be, very unpalatable to any who interest them selves in the welfare of the colony. THE HON. DR. COCKBURN, THE HON. DR. COCKBURN, THE HON. J. H. GORDON. THE HON. J. H. GORDON. 