EARLY GIPPSLAND Writing in the Herald, Mr J. Wood Beilby says :—ln my late reminiscent article on droving experiences, I had narrated a journey with a herd of store bullocks over a frightful mountain road in Gippsland up to the Moe swamp crossing. So far as I remember, the then fording route across the swamp, which was formed by the junction of the Moe and Narracan rivers with the Latrobe and its backwaters, involved a journey through mud, mire, bog, thick scrub, and fallen trees, with stretches of deep water for some four hundred and fifty yards between banks. At a subse- quent date, having purchased the Moe run, as estimated after Black Thursday's fires to carry four thousand head of cattle, from the late William Lyall, of Hare- wood and stocked it, I urged the then Commissioner of roads and bridges, the late Sir Francis Murphy, to improve the road into Gippsland and bridge the boggy creeks en route and the Moe. He asked me for a specification of im- provements absolutely necessary to facilitate vehicular traffic between Mel- bourne and Gippsland, which was then a terra incognita to all except the few droving parties entering and the squatters occupying it, and I had written many articles in Melbourne journals describing the beauty of its scenery and luxuriant verdure of Its pasturages and forests, as the " future garden of Vic- toria". The best mode of corduroying the road across the Moe was a matter he wished my ideas on in detail, and I drew a plan of a planked roadway bridging it, the supports of which were to be built of logs, four square, chock and log fence fashion. In course of time tenders were duly invited for a bridge over the Moe, and as I had a lot of men building a homestead, and yards, etc. there, and several teams of bullocks, I purposed tendering for its construc- tion. Having seen the plan, which was simply a copy of my design, I went to inspect the specifications at the Public Works office, in Melbourne. These were fatal to my expectations, for the timber used was to be only red or blue gum, of stated calibres when squared. No round logs were permissable, nor admixture of even the most durable local woods. I interviewed the engineer in authority, and stated my difficulty in tendering, as blue gum was inaccessable, and red gum would have to be brought from Traralgon, a distance of 30 miles, but he was inexorable. Judge my sur- prise then when I daily saw the bridge being constructed by the contractors, under supervision of a Government engineer, of the trees growing in the swamp alongside the bridge, of all sorts of even the perishable kinds of timber, unsquared, and not even barked! The result was that this costly piece of work went very quickly to pieces, and becoming dangerous, had to be superseded by a more costly bridge. I made some inquiries. and received the reply that palm 'oil' judicially used smoothed all difficulties as to inconvenient conditions of contracts. Unless some devastating bush-fire has removed the ruins and wreckage of this first Moe bridge. there must be ample evidence of its faulty construction of inferior mater- ials there to this day. 