REMINISCENCES OF A PIONEER. (By J. Wood Beiby in the Mel- bourne Herald.) \----------- BLACK THURSDAY AND DROVING AD- VENTURES. The heat, dust and steady north wind bringing dense clouds of smoke from Murray Valley, and Riverina bush fires, of Tuesday, 29th of Decem- ber last, forcibly reminded me of the features of Black Thursday, the 6th of February, 1851, the year of gold dis- covery. Then I was resident owner of Parson Clow's station, as it was then termed, situate between Dandenong Creek and summits of Mt. Dandenong, the highest of the Corhanwarabal Mountains, known now as containing Fern Tree and Mast Gullies. My homestead was then at the junction of a running creek, known then as the Middle or Monbolk Creek, with the Dandenong Creek. The former was overflowing, while the Dandenong above the junction, and some seasons below it, presented long reaches of waterless and boggy mud, on which expiring eels crawled, and from which it often fell to my lot in a dry summer to haul out with team of bullocks many half dead-and-alive bogged cattle. I well remember having once assisted to perform this task, as well as to prevent a dead beast polluting the watercourse from which my household was sup- plied, and in hopes that resuscitation might ensue, and its life be spared ; and in pulling the animal up the bank by a chain round its horns, something in its neck gave a click, just as its owner heaved in sight. He, there- upon, at once assailed me and my sta- tion hands for our unintentional part in the demise of his pet cow, threaten- ing legal vengeance, and shortly before I had had experience of possibilities in such a case, for my bullock driver in spite of my special injunctions to the contrary had saved himself a tramp down a long paddock after my bullocks by yoking up a stray pair for a brief quarter of an hour, to draw a cask of water on wheels from the creek to the house, when the owner, a malicious fellow, came up, and I, wholly guilt- less in the matter, was summoned to the District Court, in police quarters, then held near the Junction, St. Kilda, and was fined for my bullock driver's misdemeanor £10 ! I never could appreciate the justice of that, but as I had no time for a similar parade, and a cow more or less was a trifle out of a herd, I pacified the owner of the broken-necked cow by giving him a substitute. It was during a droughty season like that that we had a long course of warm drying winds in end of January, wither- ing and quite parching dry all vegetable growths, and preparing even the ever- green foliage of the eucalypti for ready combustion. February weather followed suit, and on the morning of the 6th a hot wind, fiercely hot as the breath of a furnace, blew furiously, and continued to do so all day, tanning up numerous bush fires throughout our whole colony, until all seemed to join, and rushed on with amazing speed, leaving dis- astrous devastation and utter ruin be- hind, where previously there had been smiling pastures filled with flocks and herds, and peaceful homesteads of many a pioneer family, thus wrecking homes, buildings and live stock properties. The amazing distance that ignited leaves or bits of bark were carried by the strong hot winds of the day over blank traces of barren ground, or, as avant couriers of the advancing sheet of fire, enveloping all combustible matter, was one peculiar feature. The fire was seen rapidly decending a slope on the western side of the Dandenong Creek, the boundary westward of my station, a full quarter of a mile from my building, when, as yet, no fire had crossed the intervening space and creek, but bits of ignited bark arrived here and there around us. Blown by the steadily fierce wind, these adhered to wherever they reached, especially upon the trunks of stringy bark trees in the bark of which a hollow was speedily burned, glowingly red, like the coals in front of the nozzle of the blacksmiths' bellows. Of course if there was combustible matter beneath such trees it speedily caught fire, but, happily for me, my home- stead being then that of a sheep run, was bare from frequent foldings with hurdled yards, and the bush fire did not thus spread much across the creek. The Gap ranges to the south- east, however, became ignited, and there all available local hands, includ- ing some fifty of the black (aboriginal) police, under their original command- ant, Captain H. E. P. Dana, worked like Trojans to keep the line of bush fire from crossing a bare, well-beaten cattle path, running along the top of the range. I had then an old servant, our Rexter, who had been a turnkey in a London gaol, but had engaged with me out of the ship he arrived as bounty emigrant in, as house servant and but- ler, etc., for being somewhat wealthy, I kept up a sort of Home style, and I and a cousin, as overseer, with my men fought, beating out with green branches, the advancing fire, and Rexter, in his white linen house coat and apron, kept pace with us with supplies of needed refreshing drinks. Night closed in on us ere we could cease our labours or think of seeking repose. But at length the heavy dew, with cessation of the hot wind, checked or extinguished our local fires, and the weather next day being cooler, the only danger to be guarded against was from burning trees falling across the limits of the burnt ground into combustible herbage. Our labour, therefore, was directed to watching the fall of such trees, and levering the ends of the burning logs. My best pasturage was thus nearly all saved. But on a part of the mountain a revelation oc- curred afterwards in the finding in a bend of a precipitously banked creek, the scorched carcases of twenty-nine fine, fat cattle, which had evidently been hemmed in until suffocated or otherwise destroyed by the fires. The deep alluvium of the beds and little flats on those mountain streamlets grew immense clumps of a broad-leaved rush, not unlike the New Zealand flax, and these and masses of decaying fern tree leaves, when ignited, sent volumes of flame high into the trees, when the dry foliage would ignite with a lofty blaze, succeeded by dense volumes of black smoke. When a mass of such rushy or scrubby undergrowths, or area covered with dense ti-tree or the foliage of a clump of umbrageous trees, so took fire, the neighbouring atmosphere would grow suddenly dark as night, with fit- ful gleams of flame shooting upwards scores of feet high. The Melbourne press of succeeding days after Black Thursday was filled — as I regret to note are the papers of this last week — with harrowing accounts of individual losses of property and live stock throughout the whole colony. But I must keep to my own experiences as bases of these early reminiscences. Mr. Peter Imlay, of Imaly Brothers, early pioneer squatters of Twofold Bay stations, Maneroo, was at this time entering the district of Westernport from Gippsland on route to Adelaide (South Australia) with a drove of several hundred horses, chiefly suitable for coaching and heavy wagon traffic purposes. I heard he was in a serious dilemma, for his route ahead was burnt bare of feed, nearly all my neighbors there, the squatters of Westernport, were burnt out, but I had a large area of good pasture, and was under-stocked. I tendered accommodation, which was thankfully accepted by Mr. Imlay, and he and his drovers came to my home- stead and tailed the mob of horses therefrom, paddocking them at night, Mr. Imlay went into Melbourne for advice as to an immediate local market for the whole lot, and finding no ready demand then open, and the route of travelling overland closed to him, he offered me the whole drove at 50s a- head, with 12 months credit on simply my own acceptance. I was not sure of my ability to keep them securely, and, after mature consideration, declined, though much urged to accept his offer as a real gift at a very low valuation. A few months later, after our discovery of gold, when traffic of goods to supply our inland digging population raised prices of cartage immensely, the rate the rate to Bendigo even reaching £160 per ton, the same class of horses were sold readily at forty or fifty pounds each, Mr. Imlay then sold the lot to the late D. C. Simpson, of Charlotte Plains, Loddon district, a brother of the well-known racing man and breeder of thoroughbred horses, Hector Norman Simpson, mentioned in another article as of the Dutton, Simpson, and Darlot Company (who were the breeders of the Skeleton mares I sold to the late John Coldham, of Grassdale station, Wannon River, which originated his well-known racing stud), and they were removed from my station. Mr. Imlay wanted to pay for the accommodation for 10 days or so that I had been able to afford him, but I was never mercenary where I could do a good turn, and as I refused remuneration, he asked me to choose a horse, the best out of the whole lot, as his present to my wife. Accordingly I selected a beautifully marked carriage horse, covered with spots like a leopard, on a pale light roan-coloured skin ground except on the head, which was sunny red. It was the most beautiful and singularly coloured horse I ever saw. I placed it along with other horses in a paddock believed secure in the moun- tain, and I never saw it again. I afterwards heard that a similar horse had been seen on the Latrobe River in Gippsland, whither it had doubtless made its way through mountain scrubs, believed previously to be impenetrable to live stock, but of no avail apparently for frustrating the escape of such, as with natural and unerring instinct, seem impelled to make tracks home- wards, as straight as a bee line, if pos- sible. Once when out looking for a new sheep run, and traversing the barren sand hills intervening between areas of dense mallee scrub in the far north-west of our colony, I came upon the track of a single bullock wending north-easterly, and following these, noted the absolutely direct line they maintained. Though regretting the loss of this valuable horse, I could not but congratulate myself then that I had not made the purchase tendered by Peter Imlay, for I should have been compelled to paddock the bulk of the drove in the same moun- tain paddock, and where one could escape, all would have, and the dense nature of the whole route for hundreds of miles eastwards towards Maneroo, would have rendered their recovery impossible. Months after- wards I leased that paddock of 6000 acres to Matthews Hervey, Laurence Cockburn and John Hay, afterwards honorables and M.L.A.'s in this and New South Wales branches of their respective legislatures, but then specu- lators in working bullocks, then largely in demand at prices up to £50 a pair by carriers to the diggings. They brought over from Sydney side some six hundred workers, and residing at the mountain homestead rented from me, occupied themselves assorting them into teams, providing also drays and necessary gear, when very high prices were readily obtained, and astounding profits were made. The Victorian partners afterwards became wealthy as squatters on a large scale ; but differing somehow — it was said rather hotly — with their bankers — an imprudent game always — they were eventually smashed up and went to the wall, and have long since both joined the majority of our mortal race. Poor Matthew Hervey, after being an honourable M.L.C., with an extraordinary succession of favorable opportunities for realising a millionaire's fortune, became, through fortuitous circumstances, a broken and dis- heartened man, and was found on a station he visited in the capacity of an inspector of sheep, under the Scab in Sheep Act. Lawrence Cockburn as M.L.A., I think, once contested Brigh- ton constituency with hon. George Higinbotham, and eventually retired to his little property of Benally, Elstern- wick, near North Brighton, now owned by the widow and family of the late late John Russell Ross, former mana- ger of the London Chartered Bank and other financial institutions in Melbourne. Laurence Cockburn was from Edin- burgh, and was a son of Lord Cock- burn one of the Lords of Session of the Supreme Court of Scotland. The title did not enoble their wives or children, and I fancy their relative status was simply that of our Victorian puisne judges. Laurence Cockburn, a fine, genial Scotch gentleman met his death accidently by imbibing contents of a bottle of belladona lotion, for rheuma- tism, in mistake for a more whole- some viand. The third party of this group of enterprising pioneers, Sir John Hay, has an illustrious bio- graphy in N. S. Wales political circles, but I have no adequate information of it to venture description. My con- temporaries in pioneer life in Victoria are becoming few. Every year visibly curtails the brief list Happily the most intelligently educated and aspiring of our native born sons of our early pioneers are coming manfully in front, and give token of infusing new life and energies into political and social pro- gress of our rising nationality. One beneficial result attended the ravages of the bush fires of Black Thursday, prevalent over previously untraversed districts, whelmed midst masses of impenetrable scrubs, entang- ling lianas, and undergrowths. A year subsequent to the all-clearing fires, such localities presented to the pioneer squatter searching for a new outlet for surplus stock, the often somewhat deceitful aspect of a desirable pasture, but much of such rich alluvial land was reclaimable. One such run was discovered by the late William Lyall, of Harewood, Murrumbeena (lately the homestead residence of the late Mr. McLaurin, another old con- temporary pioneer recently passed on to the higher life). Mr. Lyall had tra- versed the burnt lands eastwards from his Westernport stations of Tooadin, etc., and found and obtained license to de- pasture with 4000 cattle the Moe run. This I afterwards purchased from him unstocked, and thence some droving ad- ventures and wild cattle hunts occurred, description thereof being reserved for another article. Girl (aged eight) : " If I am married shall I have to marry a man like papa ?" Mother : " Yes, I suppose so, my child." Little Girl : : And if I don't marry shall I be an old maid like Aunty Julia ?" Mother : ' Yes.' Little Girl : ' Well, then, its very hard on woman i' 