BUSH FIRES IN THE COUNTRY. KORUMBURRA, Thursday. To-day will long be remembered by the resi dents of Korutnburra on account of tho terrible damage to property that has been caused by a bush fire. For some weeks.1 men have" been; engaged in burning, down' the scrub at the rear of the township ' for the' purpose of oloaring land for building allotments." Last night the wind got up strongly, and .tho 'sparks flew about in all directions, setting on firo a largo' number of trees. The townspeople watched this with anxiety, for it was fenred tliat If the wind did uot go downanumber of buildings would be 'burnt. However, this danger was averted. The wind changing to the south-west carried the flames across tho scrub at tho rear of the township, passing in dangerous proximity to tliB Mioses Young's private school and a new houso lately built by Mrs. Clark. . At ono time it looked as if . Henderson's Coffee Palace would he destroyed, but the flames kept more in the scrub. Sparks 'flow about in all directions, and- tree after troo was ect ablaze. At' tho rear of the .townehip Is a. place colled . J umptown, . where several families have put up roBidenceB. It waa feared that all of these would be burnt, 'but fortunately only Mr. Rutherford's houso 'and some tenia wore destroyed. .-The" fire -ran iu n most- erratic' maimer, razing otic plnce to the ground, and leaving auothor olose to it intaat. A. large -tree overlooking Mr. M'Ken'zieVshbp -cau'gftVflreand men woro employed to cut it "dhwn soaafofiil.awflyf rotn tho shop. ' .Down thoVitphS'-road mid across tho mine to the coal, Thin e)k yfont the fire. Here several houu'Word ocoupidd only by womon and chil- .dxtin4hb'TOehho;ng away at their work. The. occupant" hud barely time to escape ::wUli_w.hftt"'thej>'had on them .before tho fire Hcizcd"1 auddobtroyoil their Iiouhos. Houses belonging-to Meters, Bald, Blackwell, Sharpies niul Dyett were burnt to the ground, and not a single thing iu the'm was saved. The owners nro all working men with wives and families, and now everything is gone. Tliey are homeless and penniless. ' Black- well's case Is an -extremely hard - one! Ho had juwt got' Ids' house fiuished, and- had only moved into it the uight before. Sharpies had sent to Broken Hill for liis wife, and she had -only arrived a few days prior to the dis aster. AU of tho families' who have been burnt out are in due atraits, and have nothing beyond what they stahd up iu. - The fire next mado in the direction of the mines, half a milo from tlm township. Near the engine house there aro several bousosnhd tents occupied by the miners nnil tHeir families,' The women folks wore got out of the' way, tome went along the " railway lino to the station. whilst others took refuge down the tunnel of the CoabCreek mine. Just as all hope of saving the cottages had been' 'given up, the wind changed and took the flames around at tho baok of the mines, where thero are only two kouseB, both of which : escaped. Still tho houses in the rear of -the -mine were not out of danger,-, for many of ' tho troes were alight, and- there was no telling when a'Bpark might got a hold. Ah soon as sparks fall thoy are quenched with water, for there are willing 'hands at work to stuy any further disaster. Several men are going to slay up all uight-to watch. 'It is impossible to say how muoh damage hasbeon done. Tho firo is still raging furiously,' and has now' reached tho' main railway line. -A portion of the: railway feuco has been burnt, and fomc trees hftvo fallen- nci'oss tho line, necessitating a gang of men being placed on cleuring. Arrangements have beon made for'tho people who havb been burnt out to bo -housed iu the Weslcyau Church and Mr. Butcliffo'a store. Subscription'' lists imvo been issued, oud a public appeal is to made for the unfortunates.- Tho heat has been intenso throughout the day, tho thermometer registering 100 in tho shade; and the place has been thick with smoke. \- Another firo has broken out at the other end of the town and everyone is in a state of great anxiety. If one place in the town caught fire it might be disastrous to all. A party paid a visit to the mines. The smoke was foarful, and would have suffocated tho explorers had they not hud over noses and mouths wet handkerchief. Burningliinbs were fnlliug frequently from trees and tho scrub had been cleared off with a ven geance. The firo will in fact do some good through so muoh heavy timber having been burnt down , on the laud which it is pro posed to cut up for township allotments. A Mrs. Hyama had a very narrow escape. Her house escaped altogether, although her shed and pigsty In whioh were five pigs, woro burnt, tho pigs included.- Three cottages belouging to Mr. Joliffe, olose to others whioh were burnt, wero left untouobed, and not oho- of the places on which there was any insurance was burnt A man named Bellamy, ' whilst working hard to save Mrs. Hyams's house, was overcome by tho smoke and fell half suffocated. He was ill for some hours afterwards. Local subscription lists have beon started, but as tbe damago is very considerable looal resi dents tbink that Melbourne might help, and oiitnide assistanco in hoped for. WARRAGUL, Thursday, The most disastrous bush fires which have been cxperionood in this district for many years occurred to-day, and in many parts of . the dis trict the fires are. raging fiercely now. Tho destruction so far of grass, fono- ing, and, unfortunately, in several coses of stacks of corn and hav and buildings and burns belonging to several of our farmers and graziers, is terrible. Reports arc coming to hand from all parts of the distriot of tho heavy losses sustained, and devastation and ruin are likely to overtake others. To-day communication is in a measure out off from some centres, owing to the roads in various places being strewn with burning trees.' The township from an early hour was enveloped in smoke, and shortly before 2 o'clock tho church belta began to ring tho alarm, and messengers came into the town for help. The first destructive outbreak was iu a largo grass paddock adjacent to tbe Warragul cemetery, on tho Brandy Creek- road. In this paddock tho grass is long and tho troes tall and dry, and in a short space of titno the flames spread with such rapidity that tho fences on the ooundary of the Brandy Creek- road wero all on fire, and the fiatnes ran up the tall dry treog and loapsd from ono to the other, and large sparks were blown before tho wind, end by this means the paddocks on the opposite side of tho road ouught. Messrs. Love And Peony's fencos and grass were soon on firo, nnd the In tier's stack of hay was burnt, and had it not been for a groat number of the iown&peoplo; and members of tho fire brigade both houses would liavebeen consumed. The fire rapidly spread from Biggn's paddock, whoro it started, into the pad dock of Mr. John Monnghau, and for a oon- sidorablo time his stacks and dwelling houso were in imminent danger. The firo engine was brought near, and water was played over the buildings, which were saved. A firo, which originntcd in what is known as the Green Hills E-itatc, near Buln Bulu, spread with great rapidity, sweeping all bofore it right down to thu Blooinfield North run, whore it ontcred tlio estates of Cr. Irwiu and Mr. John Moffatt. The formor has 16 acres of standing crop burnt, besides grass, and the latter had a splendid grass paddock destroyed and Ufa fences burnt, Mr. George Stroitberg, of Darnum, is a heavy loser ; ho hud just garnered in about 25 aores of his orops and had contained several capital ensilage pits. Mr. M. Walsh, of Buln Buln, had -valuable stacks of hay destroyed; as also had Mr. Sinyth, of Bloomfiold North, and many others. . Four or fivq farmers on and adjacent to Lard- ner' Trnok are reported burnt out, and dense volumes of smoke have been swept ovor the -town from that direction this afternoon. : WJBRRIBEB, TiiunaDAT. Two of the most destructive bush fires that "have occurred in tho Werribee distriot for many years past started on the Werriboe Park Estate this morning. Owing to the high hot winds that wero blowing over the plains this morning it wsb thought very probable that a fire might break out at any moment, And Mr. Chirnside instructed men to be placed all round tbe estate and keep a Htrlot watoh for any outbreaks. At 11 o'clock the lookout on the tower reported a fire in what is known as tho Richmond Paddock, north-west of tho. Worribeo township. Tho alarm was at onoe sounded, and a largo body of men despatched from tho station to tho scene, whioh was about 5 miles distant. When they arrived they at onco saw that their efforts to stop the . firo would bo fruitless ; in faot they found it impossible to keep up with p the fire, whioh was being driven along by the high wind at an alarming rate. . It took a ooursc towards the railway, and when it reaohed.there itinade another taok towards the township,- buruiug everything before it for a width of two miles, bounding over a stonewall, three cjmih roads and creeks. A new tenant of the Werribee, l'aik farms, named Swanston, saw the fire .sweeping 'down upou him with' great rapidity, "oud at once got his family out of tho house nud placed them on top of the railway line out of danger. The house esciiped being hurt, but all tho outbuildings we're gutted. The fire by this time had roached tho outskirts of the township, whore thero was little grass, and it was beaten out. Tho other wing swept round through several small farms till it rcachcdthe Ballah road.. It is. not yet known how many sheop were 'destroyed, hut the number is expected to be very large, as all the paddocks wore well flocked, and the fire -travelled so fast that-thcrc was little timo to get. thorn away. - It is roughly estimated that over 10,000 acres of prime grass were destroyed on the Worribeo Tork portion, besides soveral huridrGda of acres helonging-to smaller holders, BcottBros., Wills, Iron and Wall being sufferers. Just as this firo was under control, it was noticod that another firo was approaching.from the Brisbane Ranged, niid a large body of men on horseback have started to inoct it. DIAMOND murair. THirminiv Yesterday, the wave of fire whioh tho strong north wind was rolling over GippBland and tho forest country of Victoria generally broke over the -scattered township of Diamond Creek, about 17 miles from Melbourne, and 9 from Preston, whither lost night news of the oonflajpatioa was brought. It was about 11 o clock' in tho morning when , the fire CAme across from Merang to Diamond Creek; and in the blinding smoko, blister ing sun oud sweltering heat tho people of the distriot turned out to fight for their homes, Grass and fences went, stacks and out houses in many cases, and in some even home steads were destroyed, in spite of tho efforts of soniQ 200 pcopio, among whom were conspicuous Or; Ryan, .Wade-son, Holland and Sill, of the Heidelberg ehlre, some of whom ware them- flclvos sufferers by the fire. Tho following is a rough estimate of the damago Jas; Colorault, £150; Jas. HetfornAn, raanagor for Dr. Lurz,. . .house, destroyed, . . £150; ; Mr. Sheohan, . stables, sheds, ;haystacks burnt, «?22' Patrick Ryan, stables and stacks, £100; Cr. J. L.. Sill, house, gtass- aud fencing, £200; Laurie and Miltborpe, foncos and grass, £100 eaoh ; Mr. Buson house, »«0 ; Mr. Brown, store and residence burnt, £350 ; Mr. Hodgkitison, -house, stablos, buggy auu horse, £600; Mr. Teers, waggon, horses and orchard, £500; Mr. Lord, stables and shed. MANSFIELD, Thursday. The weather to-day has been the warmest of the season, and bush fires are raging all round Mansfield. Mr. Ricketson's station, Delatite, has suffered to a considerable extent, and the wool shed had a narrow escape from destruction. Mrs. Bon's station, Wappan, was also attacked by fire, and many hundred acres of grass were burnt. Mr. Griffin's Preston station is the third one on the list, and considerable damage was done to it. It is reported that Mr. Jno. Reardon's residence, near the Mansfield race- course, has been completely destroyed. The town is completely enveloped in smoke, and it is feared that very great damage has been done. Many Mansfield residents rode out to various fires and rendered assistance in extinguishing then, but owing to the high wind prevailing their task was difficult. In some parts station owners were offering 15s. per day for men to assist in fire fighting, but owing to the harvest ing operations not many men were available. nu. L'H i BALLABAT, Thuiisdat. Tho boat to-day was intense. Bush fires are raging in various quarters in the district, and among the sufferers is Mrs. R, Eaird, of Lear- month, who lost night had 200 tons of hay eon- aumcil by tbe fiamea. A disaatroua firo occurred this afternoon at tho farm of Mr. Geo. Harker, ot Curdigan The fire swept over his grass paddooks, destroy", ing valuable fencing in its eourso.- Near the homestead a largo and valuable stack of hay wan burnt to the ground. The damage done is estimated at over £1500. Sir. Harker sont to Ballarat for thn steam engine, and tho oity brigade and firemen nrrivod at Cardigan just in time to prevent tlio flames reaching tlio homo- stoad. A largo traot of country in tbo Cardi gan district lias boon oil fire tor somo days past. Tlio thermometer registered over 100 in the shade iu the forenoon. ORESIYICK, Thursday. A destructive fire occurred at Allendale this morning, whon Clevoricy's boot shop and tbe residence of D. Smyth, at tho rear of the shop, as welt as tho Wcsleyan Churoli adjacent, were burnt to tho ground. Olevorley's stook waa insured for £150, Smyth's proporty £100 and the obnroh for £340. The fife broko out betweeon Smyth's and Clevoricy's Bliop. A fire also happened in Smcaton at 1 o'olook this morning, when a Bliop oooupied hy H Kuring, drapor, was burned, together with tho ndjBC-.-nt cottage occupied by Mr. Higgitis. Kuriug's stock was insured for £400. Mrs. Kuring went out of her bedroom to get medioino for a child,' and while absent the child got out of bed and kuooked tho candle against the window curtains. A farmer named Wliatley, near Miners' Rest, lost his stacks by firo to-day. BEEAO, Thursday. Quito a number of fires bavc taken place id this district the last week or two. At Mr. Troy's farm, two miles from the town, several hay stsolcs were burnt to the ground, but for tunately tlio fire was prevented from spreading into tho adjoining paddock. The Struthveaa estate, 12 miles from here, was on firo several days ago, and about 5000 aores of grass burnt. The fire was supposed to havo originated from Fdxliow, owing to a straw stack being struck by lightning. On Tuesday tlio town of Beoao was enveloped witli smoke, the cause being a fire at Mr. Jas. Kerr's farm, two or three miles from horo. Tho grass paddook and several straw and Imy stacks woro burnt. Fortunately tho crops had boon thrashod and the grain got away. The homestead was saved. Tho most serious affair was a firo at 3.30 on Wednesday morning, when a house in tho centre of the township was burnt to tho ground. It was owned by Mr. Thomas Boardnon, and was insured. KILMORE, Thursday. Extensive bush fires are raging at Reedy Creek and Sunday Creek, Borne thousands of aores of grass being destroyed, besides miles of fencing. Tbe fierce north wind to-day drove tlio flames at a fearful speed, rendering the work of the men almost a matter of impossi bility. The boat was overpowering. The change in the wind this afternoon stayed the progress of the fire to some extent, hut uutil raiu falls it is diffioult to say when the fire will stop. On tho Plouty Ranges fires are alia burning, whilst tho whole of the country around Kilmore is enveloped in smoke. MUKCHISON, Thursday. A bush fire which bioke out on the proporty of Mr. Jno. M'Kendry, at OaBtlo Creek, a few miles from Murohison, yesterday, did a great amount of damnge, and, making a fresh start to-day, has largely increased tho lasses result ing. Its progress has been stopped for tbo time being by a road and tho areeki but there is some danger of fire Bparks being carried to the opposite side by. tho strong north wind which has been blowing all day. In that case the fire may spread for miles among tho farms in the neighborhood. - : TATURA, Thursday. To-day was the hottest experienced this season. It was blowing a regular brick fielder all day, and an immediate ohangc of waathor is anxiously looked for. Tho town is enveloped in smoko from hush fit esj whioh are repot ted rogiug in the suirounding country. . . TRARALGON, Thursday. , Great heat wasexporionced throughout tliodis- triot to- day, the tomporaturo being over 100 in the shade. A cool soutli wind has now set in, but the surrounding country is enveloped in smoke; Bush fires aro reported at Traralgon West, Traralgou South and Heyfield. As tho wind continues strong and tho grass is very dry,' fearB aro eutertained of the fires spreading. WOODEND, Thursday. To-day was the hottest day of the seasou, the thermometer standing at 92 ill the shade. A hot wind is blowing, and tbe countiy is enveloped in smoko from bush fires.' KOOWEERUP, Thursday. Tho gale this morning brought a terrible fire aoross the Koowecrup railway. The bridge il damaged nud trains stopped, but gangs of men are now on repairing damage. FOSTER, Thursday. Tiic town is enveloped in smoke from bush fires. The thermometer stood at 98 in tbe ehedo this morniug at 11. The fire oaine olose to tho town anil the resideute hail to turn out to oavo thoir property. Mr. Gibbs's house caught fire, but it was put out. The wind changed at miilduy, otherwise the fire would have swept half the town away. The weather is still close, with signs of rain. MOE, Thursday. Seldom, if ever, litis weather been so disagree- atilo ill this district ha to-day. From early morn tlio heat was intense, and the brcezo developed into a hot wind. Tho smoke fiom bush fires, of which there arc many raging for miles around, wits very thick, it being impossible to see more than 200 yards. Tho township is strewn with nshos onrricu from the fires, one of which is in dangerous, proximity to the township. It is muoh cooler since sundown, and rain is threaten: foil. TOORA, Thursday. This, has been, one of the hottest days wo have had .tills season, tho -thermometer registering 98 in the shade. In the morning the wind Iroin the north-west was very strong, setting fits to muoh eerub aud timber, and making the town ship quite dark with the smoke. , In the after noon tlio wind changed to the south-cast, ana blew quite a hurricane, making the atmosphere much cooler. There is every indication of a heavy fall of rain. SYDNEY, .Thurbday. : The Postmaster- General has to-)itght re: ccivcd tho following from Toowoomba : — VMr.' O. Wraggo, the Government ! meteorologist; forecasts a groat monsoonal disturbance, whioh produces rain, now iu the 'neighborhood of Rivorina." ALBURY, Thursday. ..: . Tlie heat to-day was intense, the thermometer registering 102 and 103 in the shade, with a hot nortli wind raging. Complaints nre mado of the failure of water aupply! in many ...oountry din-: triots, and ; old residents piediot . a drought. .. . . » .r 