BUSH FIRES IN THE COUNTRY THE TOWNSHIP OF TARADALE IMPERILLED. TARADALE, SUNDAY. For several days past an immense bush fire has been ranging in the ranges between Taradale and Fryerstown, but as it was in the Government forest reserve it was regarded as likely to be productive of good rather than harm. The strong wind prevailing on Satur- day, however, suddenly chopped round to the north, causing the fire to travel rapidly m the direction of Taradale. The township was soon enveloped in clouds of black smoke, and in the midst of the storm the fire bell was vigorously tolled, business was at once suspended, and hundreds of men left the town to fight the flames. At the Coliban water race the fire burnt about five miles of fencing belonging to the Water Supply department. The loss to the department would have been largely increased had not Mr. Anderson, the caretaker, em- ployed a number of men to remove fencing. The fire crossed the channel and got into the grass lands of Mr. Muller and Mr. Johnston. On the property of the latter a slaughter-house was raised to the ground, and the hay crops were destroyed. The wind shifted a point, carrying the flames due north, and its progress was of lightning rapidity. A messenger was dispatched at this juncture on horseback to the township, and whilst riding through the burning bush his clothing became ignited. The fire was still sweeping all before it, and reached the residence of Mr. M. Lawrence, destroying the home and contents. The pigs were roasted, as were the fowls in the yard ; stable, harness, drays, haystack, and everything. The fire is still burning in the ranges, in the direction of Elphinstone. At night the hills presented the appearance of a large city bril- liantly illuminated. STRUGGLE WITH THE FLAMES AT MANSFIELD. MANSFIELD, MONDAY. Shortly after 2 o'clock yesterday afternoon a fire was seen to break out on the line of hills known as the Blue Range, the property of Mr. Griffin, and within about a mile and a half from the township. The grass in many places was 9in. and 12in. high, and at the foot of the hills some 30 to 40 acres of tall rushes encircled the site of the fire. An unusually strong wind from the south in a few moments carried the burning grass into the rushes, causing a dense smoke to arise, which quickly extended to the border of the town, and for a time the greatest excitement prevailed. Hoses were hastily fitted to the taps, a splendid supply or water was available, and everything was in readi- ness should the wind, which was then blowing furiously carry sparks over the in- tervening space. The township was quickly emptied of its inhabitants, all making for the scene of the outbreak, and about 300 or 400 workers at length succeeded in beating back the flames from the dead timber and confining the destruction to the paddocks of Messrs. Withers and Griffin. This, however, was accomplished with no small difficulty, the burning falling timber proving almost too strong for the beaters. As darkness set in the scene was one not easily forgotten. Hun- dreds of burning trees, still standing, lit up the streets of the township, while the crash- ing of the falling dead timber scat- tered myriads of sparks, and caused the dried grass again to be carried in flames before the strong south wind, only to be again driven back by the beaters. The outlook to-day was one of desolation. The charred and burnt carcases of valu- able sheep were to be seen in numbers, and thousands of acres of grass and fences had been burnt. On every hand there was pain- ful evidence of the great loss suffered by the landowners and the district generally. FURTHER DESTRUCTION REPORTED. BOORT, MONDAY. A large bush fire was raging on Saturday and Sunday about six miles north-east of here. It was driven northwards by a high wind, and has done serious damage. Two old men named Grigg suffered severely three horses of their's were burnt to death in the stable, their home was also burnt, and 70 bags of wheat partially destroyed, as well as grass and fencing. Messrs. W. and P. McKorie, Dalgleish, Griffiths, Hill, Bennett, Davey, and Mrs. Scharffenorth are heavy sufferers, their grass and about 10 miles of fencing being burnt. The four latter holders had narrow escapes of being rendered homeless altogether. Mr. Griffiths, with difficulty, saved a large stack of wheat. Yesterday afternoon the fire was got under control, and a number of men are now watching around it to guard against any further outbreak, the wind being still high. HEATHCOTE, MONDAY. An extensive and destructive bush fire occurred at Knowsley and Top Forest, a few miles from here, on Saturday. The fire started about midday on Mr. J. O'Sullivan's property, Knowsley, and, fanned by a strong north-west wind, soon spread to other hold- ings. Over two thousand acres of grass and a large quantity of fencing were destroyed, homesteads and stacks in some instances being saved with difficulty. The property destroyed is as follows :—J. O'Sullivan, 300 acres of grass and one mile of fencing ; J. James, 200 acres of grass, two miles of fencing, and 100 tons of cut firewood ; J. O'Brien, 400 acres of grass and three miles of fencing ; J. Long, 800 acres of grass and one mile of fencing ; S. Craig, 50 acres of grass and 20 chains of fencing ; J. Scoberg, 80 acres of grass and fencing. A. Campbell, W. C. Robinson, and H. Bywater each lost a quan- tity of grass and fencing. It is estimated that about 100 people were assisting in ex- tinguishing the fire including Constables Dwyer and Jenkin, from Heathcote, and Con- stable Haydon, from Axedale. By evening the progress of the fire was stopped, though at times owing to the long grass and the strong wind, it was impossible to stand before it. Between 5 and 6 o'cock on Satur- day evening the wind veered round, and a strong south wind has been blowing since. The bright glare from the burning timber was seen by people here on Saturday night. AVOCA, MONDAY. The bush fire is still burning, but all danger to farmhouses is now averted. Messrs. H. Mills and J. Mills have suffered considerable loss of grass and fences since last report, but owing to the vigilance of the public the fire is now fairly well confined, and hopes are entertained that it will be got under in a few days. Mr. Archer, who was injured on Saturday night is progressing favouriably. OMEO, MONDAY. Delightfully cool weather is now being ex perienced here. Bush fires have done damage, however, to several farms, three stacks being burned. 