A TQUPv THROUGH RIVE HI IT 4. AMONGST THE HUSH FIRES. To prevent the readers of these articles becoming I bewildered at the ubiquitous nature of the writer or I his sudden transition from among the mountains I down to the plains, I may state that I have pre- I viousiy; visited the scenes that I will attempt to de scribe and will deal with the more recent of my region, where the thermometer is 110 in the water- I bag, away to the hills, and make him inhale the 1 balmy breezes there, I trust he will not be dis pleasedi However, this time I am going to be vindictive, and to do just the reverse. I wish to take him from the temperate climate of Eurongilly to the south side of the Murrumbidgee, and witness the bush fires that are raging there. Many people ' read of these conflagrations in a vague sort of way, but few indeed have an adequate idea of what they are really like. ' From Colombo and Emu Plains came the first intimation that the fire fiend had started in his devastating career. 1 6,000 acres of Yanco and a great part of Tubbo and Yamma were transformed into a black waste, whilst the fire broke out simul taneously on various portions of the Brookong ? iA4.H -..rVtn-wn T lia^nonorl t.n V»P flf. t.TlP +11Y1P. It maybe interesting to know that there is tele phonic communication from the top of the Galore Mount, which is a fairly high range on Brookong, about twenty miles from The Rock railway station. rn,ic +nl-vnVirvno is connected with the Galore and Brookong homesteads, the top wire of the fences ' being utilized, and, when a road intercepts, two '? Lbng'posts are erected, a wire carried overhead, and again connecting with the fence. There are about thirty miles of this, and considerable trouble was at tirst experienced in making the telephone work. From the home platform to Urana the telegraph wires are used. As soon as the grass begins to get dry a man is stationed oh the G.alore Mount night and day, and immediately he sees smoke arising he communicates with the homesteads,' and all the men available are sent to the scene. The sentinel's ex perience and knoAvledge of the country gives him not : only a good idea of the locale of the fire, but also whether the owners may only be burning trails, so that it is seldom the men are sent on a false alarm. As I said, I happened to be present at some ot these bush-fires, and would like to give the un initiated, a description thereof. The fire alluded to broke out at about 10 o'clock in the morning. The thermometer was then 100 degrees in the shade. The wind was blowing in a nor- westerly direction, and carried the fire along at an alarming rate, and it was making in the direction of the settlers' places around. An army of fire-beaters were in readiness atthe ' breaks' and roads equipped with bushes and beaters (a square foot of hide attached to sticks), their inten tionbeing to burn trails as the fire approached and fight it. In the afternoon the writer ventured out on horseback with others to take observations. The whole country by this was enveloped in smoke, the heat almost unbearable. Our first intimation of the approach of the fire was a crackling sound, a tramp ling; and a rush of all the animals the forest con tained. Egad, it seemed to me as if everything out of Noah's Ark or the Zoo escaped. On they came, pursued oy Wie me, nuui/iu «,uu atu|ieinru. uy me smoke. About twenty emus led the van, followed by a like number of kangaroos, kangaroo rats, hares, rabbits, cattle, horses, sheep. Even the grasshoppers were driven on ahead, and overhead immense eagle hawks and other birds were flying from tree to tree before the fire. Needless to say we joined in the fleeing throng, and I had a ding-dong go with an old man kangaroo We ran neck and neck for a consider able' distance, when his career was cut short by coming in contact with a tree, and a good race spoiled. At times the crackling of the grass and thistles and trees made us think that the whole population of China had come out here to keep up their New Year, the noise being like that of crackers exploding. Looking back we could see the fierce fiend coming on, the fire running up the trees and the whole forest a sea of flame, and when a chunk of dry thistles was reached you could see the burning thistle-heads darting out like fireworks, so that ever and anon we were treated to a pyro technic display. This, combined with the roar of the fire, especially when it got amongst the pines, made the scene grandly awful — more awful than grand — for us, and when a whirlwind, to make matters worse, appeared upon the scene, we thought, indeed, that the world had come to an end, for the lurid names Avere shot about in all directions, accompanied by a roar as if a cyclone was coming on. 'Bedad,'' said a son of Erin in speaking of it afterwards,' ' I thought the Old Man himself was after us with fire and brimstone, and that every minute Avas going to be our next.' This ail occurred Avhile I would be telling it ; and anew danger menaced us, i\\.r as wp got near the 'breaks' the trails were lit and Ave Avere between two fires, but our horses being o d warriors we got through the unlit portions safely. Young horses are apt to become stupid with the smoke, and I have seen them rush back into the fires. The work of burn ing these trails and keeping the fire from spreading is attended with great discomfort and danger, for the heat is intense and the smoke blinding, and despite all efforts it is impossible at times to pre vent the spread of the fire. Last year I saw the fire cross a three-chain road. The foregoing is an actual experience, but would give only a faint idea of what a bush fire is like. One of the finest sights I have seen is a hill on tire at nvghi . It sometimes resembles a city lit up by thousands of glittering and gleaming lights or prismatic lamps, the spec tacular, effect being superb. 1 am glad to see that the people about Brookong are beginning to find out that it is little use trusting to chance with regerd to these fires, for I saAvsome admirable ' breaks,' especially about the Galore and Bullenbong. M'Donnell's, of Galore Park, have breaks a chain Avicle cleared all round their property (2000 ; acres). Last year Mr. M'Donnell Avas the only one Avho saved his place. * Others are noAV profiting by his example. Mr. James Bolger, of the Priori, has cleared a few miles of ' breaks.' Wall and Iieckendorf adjoining the Galore, and. even Arajoel and Berry Jerry have made good pro vision thi& year. Davidsons, of Bullenbong, have had, the ploughs going for some time round portions of their -property. And Mr. Bernie Ferry, of Tollen ! dool, has that property pretty well secured from i the fire this year. If will avail but little, however, if only a few make these ?' breaks.1' All the property-holders will have to do the same, and it will not I do to have any timber on them. They must be thoroughly cleared. It is worth the extra trouble to have the work done properly and so be enabled to' go to bed at night Avithout thinking that you may be reduced to ashes before morning. I knoAV people avIio will be in a state of anxiety arid perturbation during the whole of the summer. And I do not wonder at it, for the grain is so high this year everyAvhere that when it becomes properly dry Ave Avilt have some prairie fires that Avill sweep everything before them, and the effects of which will be appalling. - And AA'hat will concern, people most will be, not to put them out, but the getting away from them. By-the-bye Premier Reid and Mr. Bruce Smith should be Avell up in bush fir as and trails, etc., both these counsel having been engaged in the great fire cases against the Bank of New South Wales which Avere heard at Wagga last year, and in Avhich the Bank got deservedly beaten. Considering these I counsel kneAV very little about bush fires, they soon mastered the details and technicalities and seldom made a mistake. Bruce Smith, however, happened to trip once badly and Reid caught him up and tri- d to create a laugh against him. The former waxed I Avroth aad told him if he Avanted to give a Chrisiy Minstrel entertainment he had better go on to the street corner. At one portion of the case the evi dence and cross-examination over the value of some posts and rails lasted about three, hours, and making a calculation of Avhat the barristers, solicitors, and witnesses avouUI receive for that time, I found that it amounted to about fifty times the cost of the posts and rails. There is always great speculat:on as to how these ires are scarred, juie poor travellers cut; iu 'on v blamed for them, but I think in the majority of sases they are caused by the carelessness of the station people themseh-es, and in some instances they are wilfully set going,, especially where the ?' Cumberland' is known to be bad. There is, how ever, a great incentive to men looking for work to put a match amongst the grass, for last year some of the stations Avere paying £t a day to men to . assist atthe rites, Avho are at the same time supplied Avith plenty of grog. The fences getting burnt also provided more work. Since writing the above, a fire broke put on Bul lenbong. About 3000 acres Avere burnt, and a number of cattle was so badly scorched that 10 of them had to be destroyed. The lease of about 27,000 acres on' Brookong will expire in July next year. There are altogether 60,000 acres of Crown' land in this district, every acre of Avhich is fit for the plough. It is mostly plain country, the timber on it being chiefly pine and box, and as a pockspur line is almost certain to be built out this way, I would advise anyone look ing for land hot to overlook this part. I '?will from time to time describe the nature of the land on the various leases about to expire. KILLliEVY. 