THE PORI H-LI ?TR N E1NE~LLA TUESDAY, DECEMBER II, 1894. The Vices of Govermeont - IN a recent issue of the ENsxsio an im portant article appeared. It was headed "How Victoria is Governed," and showed that, as compared with several European countries with six times the population of Australia, this colony is one of the most extravagantly managed places on the globe. No wonder it is. Until lately its people never questioned the cost of its administration. Nor did they even inquire thereinto-all they did was to vote for this candidate or that one at parliamentary elections, remain ing politically dead from one year's end to the other, leaving,. in very many cases, their public affairs in the hands of a class of men unfit to discharge their own. As a result of this, the public service of the colony has simply run j wild-like a tree untouched by the pruner's hand, its branches are un wieldy and obnoxious to the eye; Par. liament itself has been a prodigal ; ar.d political waste, rapine and spoliationi have been the features of national life In a word, our revenue has been wasted until now we come to find that our liabilities as a people are over fifty million pounds sterling, and our system of administration without a parallel in point of cost, considering our popula tion. In this land of freedom and age of refined slander, traduction can dis port itself at anybody's cost with im punity, and only those who can prove what they have courage to assert are worth a hearing. Amongst other cooin try newspapers that have undertaken the cause of political reform in this colony, and with it the duty of letting' daylight into the doings of Government, the ENssIGN has made some startling assertions. For instance it has said that Victoria is one of the most ex pensively conducted places on the globe.. So it is; and, by way of proof thereof, attention is -directed to the. following tabulated statement as to the cost of governing Canada, with ts five-million population, as well as the other countries indicated : Aannual: An4rmy. Reserve Navy. Cost of \- Population Ependi- No. of Militia. No. o Sailors: Govrn'at ture, MeI. No. Meni. Ships. per head. a)Sweden and Norway, 6,807,865 7,500,435 39,887 284,o0o ao6 4,800 1 2 3 (a) Denmark 2,772,205 2,743,970 42,950 '6,0oo 37i 1,270 I 5 3' 3 (b)Switzerland 2,993,334 3 449,794 209,60 6,6 -: 176. 3 c) Canada 5, oooo 7,353,178 34,970 1,030 I 9 5 Victoria 1,173,469 7, 3o,246 - - 6 47 (a) These countries have Royal Courts to maintain, and send Ambassadors and Cone suls to all civilised communities. They also keep up large armisos and fleets, and a large (b) This country sustains an army of" 209,603men, or, with militia, has 485,264 men-at-arms, and has diplomatic representas tives at all foreign courts. (c) The areaof Canada is 3,315,647 square miles ; that of Australia is 3,075,474 miles, Victoria has an area of 87,814 squre miles, or is one thirty-eighth part the size of Canada. All the figures shown in the above can be relied upon as being accurate in every case, They are the work of public statists and have been taken from the Blue Books of the different countries referred to, iii which ithey have been published -with legislative authority. In consequence, they carry conviction with them of the fact' that the public business of this colony has been conducted in the past by spend thrifts and muddlers. In taking up this ground of criticism all that we seek to accomplish is this-to imbuel our readers with the spirit of reform and to spread condemnation against the costly system. of public administration which obtains - a system, moreover, which *has :nothing whatever to justify its maintenance e It-is, indeed, such an impediment to national and individual advancement that as soon as complete enlightenmentisestablishedin thepublic mind ab'?dt'it ieeveryntaxpaying ;citizen amongst-us will doubtless denounce it in order to inaugurate a new life of true niational economy-a reform which a few of us have anticipated, which 'more of us have yearned for, and Which all of us ought' to clamor for so as to abolish those extravagances which now constitute the vices of Govern ment. We are advised by telegram that a strike occurred yesterday at the Great Northern mine, Rutherglen. A mass meeting was appointed to be held at midnight last night, and in view of the possibility of a disturbance occurring thereat, extra police were despatched to the scene, We have received the following from Mr James. Hinchly, secretary of the Wangaratta District Hospital :--Cindly acknowledge.that I am in receipt of the sum of'£zo tos donation to this hos pital, the result of collections made in St. Joseph's Church, Benalla, on the 26th ult., and forwarded by the Very Rev. Dean Davy. The committee beg to tender their sincere' thanks to. the Dean and to all those who endeavored to. promote the welfare of the institu, tion by their contributions. " A correspondent writes:-It will be gratifying to the numerous friends of Mr Harold Hobbs, manager of the Samaria Co-operative Company Limited,that his butterrhas topped the 'London market at 115s percwt, which price stamps the employd mentioned 'as :being amongst the 'first class butter makers of the coloriny and bide well for the prosperity of the company in whose interest he 'is working.. A Melbourne publican was, on i day, fined £x for allowing two men :to "shake" for drinks" on' his 'licensed premises. ' ' SA good word for the butter trade ' The chairman of the P. and O. Comin pany declares that the carriage of frozen meat from Australia has resulted in loss, but that the large consignments of fruit and butter 'partly compensate therefor. The fire.bell rang out an alarm on Saturday just before noon-and the local brigade turned but with duepromptness. The' cause of alarm was found to be that some bed curtains had been accidentally set alight on Mrs Schann's premisesiin Bridge street,but they wereextinguished before the arrival of the brigade.. It is fortunate that the fire was discovered in time, otherwise a 'soriou; conflagra tion would have occurred. The eminent' French engineer, M. Ferdinand de Lesseps, well known in connection with the Suez and Panama canals, died on Friday evening in Paris. Two swagmen raided the premises of an auctioneering firm in Shepparton on Friday night, and stole therefrom £9 (to obtain which they broke open asafe), and a roll of bacon. They were 'arrested within half an hour of the time the police received ilf'orniation of the occurrencg,' .; Last Friday's GovernmnentGazette contained the following announcement, which will be of interest to the travelling public:-On 22nd December, and till 3rd January inclusive (Sunday ex cepted), passengers from Mlelbourne to Seymour, Benalla. 1Yodonga (Albury, Sydney), Beechworth, and other sta tions on the' North-eastern and Goul burn .Valley lines, will be booked at the old Essendon lian booking office, and admittd' at the station gates ad joining. All passengers' luggage for these lines will also be receiyed there. From 22nd December till 3rd January inclusive all passenger trains for these lines will stirt from the east yard plat form at the northern end of Spencer street station, - On :24th December, and 'thereafter, if necessary,' the 4.55 Sydney express train will be run in two divisions between Melbourne and Sey mour.: The first divisions .will leave Melbourni at 4.40 p.m., and stop at the same stations as the ordinary; express train. i A disaster was caused in-i Belfast (Ireland) last Thursday night by a mis chievous boy turning out the gas during the progress of a Catholic, school en tertainment. The hall was-filled with children,'and immediately the place was shrouded in darkness they were seized with panic, and in. the stampede which ensued four were killed and a great many iisirF"injured. The cdilprit has been arreted:d :-,. ' - I : On Sunday afternoon Mr George Chesisel (iadvance agent of Miss Kempf's Musical and Dramatic Coin pany) and Mr Robt. Palmer (of the local post otlice) had a sensational experience with a large black snake- near Lee Sock's garden. They were out for a stroll in the locality named, when they cams across the reptile coiled up in the sun-in fact they nearly trod on it. . Mr Palmer at once cast his eyes around in search of a stick svitli.which to'despatch it, while Mr Chessell threw a piece of stone at it with the same object in view. The snake angrily objected;-to' being disturbed from his repose, and darted at the latter gentleman, but luckily for himahe had stroing hoots on,: and the reptile's fangs failed to penetrate the leather, but the punctures thereon were plainly visible. Mr Ohessell therefore had what may be- considered. a lucky escape. The snake immediately made off and was not seen again, although his whereabouts.-: were anxiously sought for half an hour afterwards.-. - To- morrow evening, in the Recreation Reserve, the Benalla Mechanics' Brass Band will give a moonlight promenade concert in aid of its funds, .which sadly want replenishing.; Dancing on the green may be indulged in by patrons. Daniel Tough, sentenced to i5 years' imprisonment for the manslaughter of his mate, George Glanm, at Emu Plains was yesterday conveyed from Beech. worth gaol to the Pentridge stockade, where he is henceforth to bekept. The Railway department will, during the' week, forward one -of its new ice trucks for service in conn ection with the butter trade which the Devenish and Benalla :stations are responsible for. . Mr ' lGeorge' R Hall, of Hall and Sons,' dentists,'may be consulted' pro fessionally at O'Callaghan's hotel on Saturday. The bore at Hyland's Gully is down 24oft, and the strata now being oper ated upo-? is red diorite-a hard clayey substance mixed with' burnt ironstone gravel. Geologically speaking, this is a good omen. - - While driving past Baddaginnie on the road home from Violet Town on Sun day, some of the members-of the 'Ben alia band -noticed the, engine-shed at Mr Dunlop's butter factory in flames, After a few minutes' work they sue ceeded ini extinguishing the conflagra tion before much damage was done by it. - The Benalla Mechanies' Brass Band held a hospital demonstration at Violet Town on Sunday last in aid of the Wangaratta Hospital. There was a very fair- attendance in.:the Recrea tion Reserve, and the collection amounted to £3 zs 3d. When coming back a stay was made at Baddaginnie, and a few, tunes were discoursed there, an extra 75s being collected. St. James is also to be visited with the same object in view, but the date has not yet. been decided upon. - Another large consignment of wood blocks-36,oooft-has .been shipped for London; It is to be used in paving the'streets of the city.. ~ .. A fatal iailway accident'occurred at Footscray on Friday, a. man named Stroud berig knocked down by a train and decapitated. Mr M'Alpine, Government patholo. gist, .intends lecturing at Wangaratta onr" Fridaytin regard to the diseases which attack fruit trees andvegetables. The Venerable Archdeacon Herring will pireacdli in Holy Trinity Churoh, 3Benalla, next Sunday, both morning and evening. On Monday evening next the Archdeacon will deliver his popular lecture on earthquakes and volcanoes, in the Rechabite Hall, under the ause pices of the church decorators' guild, and the lecturewill be illustrated with a series of splendid diagrams, and will be interspersed with musical selections, Many will haye pleasant recollections of a highly interesting lectuire which Archdeacon Herrrig- delivered in Benalla last year. We- understand that his- lecture 'on- earthquakes and vol canoes is's'very entertaining and in· struotive one; iind'the charge of one shillling for both lecture - and concert is certainly moderate enough. Wetrust there will be a well-filled house, A sad occurence took place at Avenel on Thursday in connection with the burial of a son of Mr P. Moroney. Mrs Moroney, a strong hearty woman, who had been nursing the deceased for the last three months, took ill an hour before the time fixed for the removal of the body from the house, and was dead before the funeral left for cemetery. A sensational drama, entitled "The Village Priest," will be presented to Benalla playgoers tomorrow evening in the Shire hall. The company favor ing us with a visit is a powerful one, and "The Village Priest" as interpreted by them, has been favorably received throughout the provinces. This parti. oular drama had a lengthened 'run in Europe and has lately been pre sented to critical audiences in all the Australian metropolitan cities. The version to be staged to-morrow night differs materially from that which was. produced in the Bijou Theatre, Mel bourne, inasmuch as the Rev. Father Fitzroche-the village priest-the cen tral character of the piece, whilst suffer ing martyrdom, remains faithful to the teachings of his church,'and shods in a marked manner that there is no in stance on record of a priest ever having divulged the secrets of the Confessional, Mr J. J. Innes, late of the Taylor Carrington Company, will pourtray the difficult part of the title r61e, and Miss Olivia Kempf will appear as Maggie Bell; in which character she has made herself a public favorite. During the performance Miss, Kempf will, sing "Ora Pro Nobis" and "The Wearing o' the Green." Mr Geo. Chessell is the advance courier of the troupe. Mr C. French, Government entomol ogist, who has recently visited Ruther glen, in answerto a "News" interviewer, says he is "convinced that Paris green will destroy caterpillars. Iri reply to questions he scouted the idea that the pestwas'of recent introduction-he had known it thirty years ago-in all pro bability it was indigenous to Australia and had forsaken its natural food to prey upon the vines. The remedy was a simple one- if spraying with Paris green had been properly resorted to before the: vines were in bloom all the trouble and expenses ,which had been gone to would have been obviated. To make certain he had. inspected just before coming to Rutherglen, vineyards at Doncaster, .where the treatment recommended -had, no further back than this very season, proved an entire and complete success. ' The cost of the liquid is igd a lb. It should be mixed with albs of lime'in zoo gallons of water, and this should be sufficient for two acres of vines. The mixture should be sprayed on to the vines as soon as the flowering is over. Dull cloudy weather should' be: selected, but rainy days should be avoided,'as the solution must adhere to the leaf. It is the eating of the leaf with the solution' upon -it which destroys the caterpillar. lieyointed out that altough Paris green contained arsenic the proportion in 20oo gallons was not at all hurtful and there was, consequently not the slightest "danger. of anyone being.injured by the poison. Mr .Win. Swabey, of Cunningham street, sustained a severe' loss on Sun. day in the death of his sen Bertie, at the age of 13. "'The little fellow had been attacked by quinsy and diphtheria, and was'on a fair way to recovery, when a relapse set in about a week. ago, from which he never recovered. The inter ment took place yesterday afternoon 'at the ldocal cemetery Lady Patterson, the wife of Sir James Patterson, ex-Pemier of Victoria, died last week at Murrumbeena, her age be-' ing f6z. TheRoyal Commission,of whichthepar liamentary representative for Benalla is a member, appointed to inquire into the propriety of establishing a State Bank, is to re-open its sittings to-day, when evideilce will be taken on oath,. The first witnesses `to be examined are the coinmissioners :of,the 'Savings Bank. A London cablegram states :-A sen sation .has been .caused 'in London by the arrest of Reginald Saunderson, a nephew' of Colonel' Sajnderson, M.P. for "Armagh North, and also a relative of the Earl of Clomel, on a charge of murdering .a woman at' Kensington. The body of the victim when discovered by the police was found to have been mutilated with a knife in the same fashion as. in the notorious "Jack the Ripper" murders: The prisoner is of a week mind, and.is considered to be quite, imbecile. , The treasurer of the' Ladies" Bene. volent Society begs to acknowledge, with many' thanks a contribution of L?fs S from the. hon. secretary of the I Lurg picnic committee. 'A: long discussion* took place in the Assembly last week about the impro priety of allowing Mr Gillies to hold' the post of-Agent.General ahny longer. As a result Mr Gillies is almost'sure to be recalled, if not, he ought to be. : An illustrated' lecture' on "Fibre Plants" will be given by Mr Knight, the Government expert, on Tuesday next in the Thoons Oiderly room. Accounts for the following persons are awaiting payment: at the Sub treasury, Benalla :--F. Gardiner, W J.'Gray, E. A. Griffiths, W. Guppy, G.' Holmes, T. Lawford, A. Maguire, Jno. Nicholson M.D., Plumstead and Han- sen, T. H. Warnock, Dr R. Wilmot, J. W. Wilkins, C. K. Witt. Oin Saturday morning a bush-fire broke out in one of Mr Tomkins' pad docks'at Goomalibee, and travelled suc cessively through paddocks belonging to Messrs Jesse Watts,D. Murphy, Kel leher, Hill and Burness. It was dis covered abbout noon, and in response to 'the alarmn the neighbors'willingly turned out and alter a couple of hours' hard work beat out the flames, but not be fore about g30o acres of grass had beenc destroyed. An. investigation proved that the cause of the conflaigration was an old tree which must have been smouldering' for about six 'weeks, as that time has elapsed since Mr Tomkins ceased burning o1, A few months ago the, railway com missionersopened up a new source of revenue by letting land contiguous to' railway lines for grazing purposes at a nominal rental. The areas are open to public comPetition; and the privilege of using the land has been largely availed of-in the suburbs andi co'mtry; :' We regret having to chronicle the death of Miss Mary Kidd, at the age of 58, which sad event occurred at the residence of her brother, Senior-con stable Kidd, Bridge street, Benalla West. Some five years ago Miss Kidd had a severe attack of influenza, from which she never thoroughly recovered, the complaint mentioned eventually de veloping into phthisis. Not long ago the deceased lady came to Benalla for her health, and hopes were entertained that she would benefit by the change, but the malady had too great a hold on her, and she succumbed thereto on Thursday evening last. The interment took place on Saturday, the Rev A. 0. ;M'Oonnan reading the service at the graveside. The mortuary arrangements were in the hands of Mr W. G. Abbott. The price obtained last week in Lon don for the eggs shipped from here in the Oruba, namely, is per dozen, is re. garded as very satisfactory by the Agricultural department, especially in view of the fact-that the latest advices from England showed that Irish eggs were selling at 9d and 9id, Continental at yd and 8d. It is believed that the cause of Victorian eggs realising so much as compared with others is their careful grading before shipment. Prices in the butter market are irregular, owing to a glut caused by a quantity of Danish butter and the con. signment4 by the R.M.S. Cuzco sind the R.M.S. Valetta arriving almost at the same time. . A prospector, formerly a resident of Ballarat, but whose name is not known, has died a terrible death near Esper ance Bay, Western Australia. He was walking to the coast from Cool gardie, having had bad luck there, and seems to have died from thirst on the way. The ground in the immediate vicinity was torn up by the unfortunate man in his delirium. The folly of attempting to board a train while in motion, was practically illustrated in Perth, Western Australia, last Friday afternoon. A' man, while attempting to do so, fell between the trucks and was literally cut to pieces. An Australian medico-Dr. Hill has been studying in Paris the new antitoxin treatment for 'diphtheria, under the inventor, Dr. Roux. He has now completed his studies and is about to return to these shores to give us the benefit of them. The leading British, German : and French scientists, after giving the. new remedy an extended trial in various hospitals, have arrived, independently of each other, at the conclusion that, if applied in the early stages of the complaint, it is an almost infallible, cure; while even patients coming under treatment at a 'late periodof the. disease,. and under cir cumstances which would formerly have been considered desperate, have been rescued by it from the grave. There will shortly be fresh fighting 'in the Soudan. The King of Abyssinia is about, to send, out troops to drive back the Mahdi and his dervishes, who are reported to have approached un comfortably near his dominions. 'Eng land and,Italy are understood to have resolved upon a similar course. i So there seems to be trouble ahead in that quarter. -A hungry man was, on Saturday, sent to gaol for a month by the Richmond magistrates for stealing a tin of sardines valued at 634d.' An old man named Jones, 6o years of age, working -on Ackerley's contract, Swanpool, met with a severe accident on Thursday. ": He was assisting' to erect' a pile-driver and when at the top. of the -structure slipped and fell to the ground, a distance of about s5 feet, breaking two of his ribs, On Thursday evening last Mrs James Hall very hospitably entertained the young men and maidens who were lately confirmed by the Lord Bishop of Melbourne, and also some of their 'friends, at the homestead, Broken Creek. , After the guests had partaken ot an excellent tea, the preparation of which reflected the highest credit upon the culinary skill and taste of the young ladies at the homestead, music and singing and friendly chat were indulged in. A feature in the proceedings was a simple talk on some of the wonders of the .heavens by the Rev J. Allen, of Benalla, who illustrated his remarks with views shown through his telescope, Which he had been desired to take with him for that purpose. The lunar mountains, the belts and satellites of Jupiter, the planet Mars, the great nebulu in Orion-these and other ob. jects were shown, and excited the ad miration and interest of all observers, Altogether the gathering was a very pleasant one to all concerned. The Church of England is evidently much' alive at Broken Creek, seeing that the great majority of its members there are actively interested in the welfare and' Sprogress in all departrmentsof its life. 