A RIVERINE LEASEHOLD. 'Abbotsford.' By Harold M. Mackenzie. There must have been somebody very Scotch in days gone by who christened such places in this district as Abbotsford, Ivanhoe, Mossgiel and others, the reason for which, seeing the dissimilarity between Scotch scenery and that of Central Riverina, being about as intelligible as some Scotch jokes. Gardenia forms the southern boundary of Abbotsford, some four or five miles from the home station, the former place having originally been part of it, whilst Ticehurst, Conoble, and Kilfera bound it on the north, east and west respectively, Harking back to early times, Abbotsford was in those days the property of Mr. Wm. Taylor, Keilor, near Melbourne, also owner of Euston and Manfred stations in Riverina. After this gentleman's tenure, the property, within the last two decades, passed into the hands of Mr. Wm. Martin, the present owner. No sporting gentleman was better known perhaps in the early Melbourne days than Mr Martin, owner of such good blood us Alhambra,' ' Gladiator,' and ' Cheroot,' crack steeplechasers, the incmorj of which will still be fresh iu the minds of old ' An:»rt. from turf associations. Mr Martin, as contcmpomry of the Hon. W. A. Zeal, President of the Legislative Council, and Messrs Cornish and Bruce, surveyors, performed much service to the colony in the survey of Werribee Plains, near Melbourne, in view of which his practical and efficient scheme in connection with water improve ments on Abbotsford, reckoned tho lest in the back country, is clearly traceable to this early training. The area of Abbotsford, at one time, com prised 64 000 ucres, but as before stated, by such portions an Gardenia and other blocks having been taken out of it, its area at the fircsent time is not more than 36,000. The mine station, old and rambling, but never theleas a very comfortable house, has judiciously been placed almost iu the centre of the property, thereby facilitating in a great measure the working of stock. .The township of Ivanhoe is some seven miles distant, which uulike its sisters Mossgiel and Booligal, is more pleasing to tho eye by having belts of Ieopara wood, bclah, wilga, and emu-brush growing round about. Beyond this the dreary plain country stretching between Ivanhoe and Wilcannia is crossed, which, as a rule, is of very poor clmractcr. Tho immediate surroundings of Abbotsford may be classed as good ordinary grazing country, including such properties as Tiochurst, Conoble, Kilfcra, etc. It is always a pleasant sight in these parts to see a homestead well sheltered, and so far as Abbotsford is concerned, nothing better can be desired. The quantity of leopard wood, so called from its spotted bark, is a very useful commodity in the eveut of continuous drought, though it is a pity to notice that some of it has beon chopped down, besides which the rabbits appear to have a ring-barking contract on. The property boasts of no pine or yarrati, though wilga and emu bush flourish in great abundance. The transformation, both as regards the fauna and flora, of the place since Sir Martin first beheld it on his way to the Darling in '67, is very considerable. In those days, of course, there was no fenciug no wooi shed, or anything else in the way o improvements, all sheep on the property boing shepherded, taken to Manfred to be shorn, and then brought back again. The scrub, too, at that time was much denser than at present, and salt-bush everywhere, a fob'c-plant which is now becoming less plentiful with eicli successive season. Droves of kangaroo— sometimes as many as 1500 to 2000 in one lot — might have been seen making across couutry in a bee line, eventually uecoming so troublesome that shooters were employed to destroy thctn. Strange to say, for some reason best known to themselves, the Australian black would never set foot on this station, though lie uppears to have had no such superstition with retrard to places siirrouudiug it. The Abbotsford of modern times is a highly-improved property, more especially in regard to the aforementioned admirable system of water conservation. The dams, some of which at the present time have as much as 20ft. of water in them, show that in their construction no iucxpcrienced baud has been employed at tho work, one great feature being the expeditious manner in which tho water can be thrown back for miles if desired. Thcso dams, too, all being furnished with gauges, it is easy for Mr Martin to take uotcs from time to time as to what evaporation is going on, Seeing that thero is no natural supply of water on the place whatever, and that wells have not been worked for the last twelve years, it reflects great credit on the owner in having made such first-class improvements. Though 20,000 sheep on 36,000 acres may seem more than country like this is capablc of carrying, such a season as the present coming so seldom, it seems a pity that grass should go to waste, besides which, as soon as the wool is off them, these numbers no 'doubt will be considerably reduced. The advent of good blood amongst the Abbots ford flocks came about some twelve years ago, when Mr Frank Pitt, sheep classer, was instrumental iu introducing tne Baylcy (Mudgce) sires amongst them, since when no change in the breeding has been effected. Despite, however, the admirable class of ram which all pastoralists are familiar with by namo at least, they were not ablo to stand up against the droughts which sot in soon after their arrival, with the result that thu work and naticnce which Mr Mu.rf.in bestowed in endeavouring to perfect his flock was nearly all undone. The Mudgee rams, with their long stapled, lustrous, and soft wool, characteristic of their fleeces, aud as some aver too light for a hot climate would naturally staud a very poor chance in the '82 and 'S3 droughts. In fact since these ruinous years stations to this day have not been able to recover themselves. All woof clips hereabout* this season pro misc to bo very satisfactory, and no doubt towards the end of this month, provided shearing troubles don't hamper the squatters, all sheds will bo in full swing. Rumors of armed camps, however, aud police being despatched to preserve order havo an ominous ring about them, but I can only hope the shearers will not bo led away by brazeu- tongued agitators who make a living whilst they are starving. The prevalence of wild dogs and domestic ' pets' on Abbotsford lias caused the owner much annoyance and loss, no less than 1000 lambs having been killed by this means, and when it is taken into consideration that , a decrhouml owned by a resident iti Ivanhoe was one of the arch-offenders, it is no wonder that station-owners become wrath. To drive through one's paddock and sec lainhs aud ewes dead, dying, and flying panic-stricken from the merciless jaws of a hound that ought to have been shot long ago is a sight that no man can tolorato, and if offenders in this rcspcct were given exemplary punish ment the lesion taught them might not be iu vaiu. A panic amongst lambs and ewes means trampling to death of tho progeny, compulsory weaning, ami as much damage done by one dog as a bush-fire. Tho dog has since been shot. Amongst other evils which this station has had to contend with was the destruction of the woolshed by fire last year, when shear ing was almost completed. Through this calamity no less than 130 bales, all unin sured, were cousumed with the building, besides which sheep to tho number of 900 were waiting to be shorn. As a Phumix, however, from the ashes tho present snnrt building has risen up, which in appeuraucc compares favorably with most of its class. The building itself measures 83 ft. in length, and 74 ft, in width, with a spacious wooi room 50 ft. x 18 ft., shearing being conducted 011 a single board at ono side of the shed. By this means a coup d\ril can bo taken at ouco of all those engaged ou tho 'board.' Plenty of elbow room is allowed each shcaror, and all up to.date improvements iu regard to gates, pons, and a Pernor's press make it as good a shed as others erected oil a more pretentious settle. Abbotsford, Aug. 2Ut, '94, 