NORTHAMPTON. At the police court, on Saturday, the 24th inst., a esse of rather more than ordinary interest was heard before Mr. S. Mitchell, J.P., and, if his decision be a correct one, it should serve as a warning to many. Aboriginal Tibbingar was charged with obtaining several sums of money and certain articles under falsa pretences from Mr. A. Brand of Lynton. From the evidence adduced, it appeared that in December and January last Tibbingar for these considerations promised to make an agreement to work for Mr. Brand for twelve months, but failed to fulfil that promise. After hearing all the evidence, Mr. Mitchell said he should be obliged to dismiss the information, holding that the fact of a person obtaining money or even, anything under a promise to do a certain something did not constitute fake pretences according to law, which he (Mr. Mitchell) said he could not over-ride, no matter how much he could have wished it i however he hoped that Mr. Brand would be able to take some other proceedings against Tibbingar that would lead to his .conviction, for undoubtedly Mr. Brand had been treated badly by the defendant. The traffic to the goldfields on the new route still continues brisk. A good many diggers have pawed through the town en rouU for the fields during the past fortnight. The fact of the Murchison river running enhances the value of this road considerably. Hot weather and big bushfires are anything buf> pleasant, and I must say that we are getting a full share of these blessings, and have haa during the past two months. Mr. Cun- »iitigtin.tii and Mrs. Joe. Drage hare had occasion, several times, to send into town fcr mnprimwMi to extinguish the fires in their vicinity and to save their homestead* from rain. As might be expected, mraywilUn.y hands responded to the call to such laudable work. I understand that Mr. Mitchell sent all tie men he could on Friday and Saturday last. Mid these, with some others, under the superintendence of P.c. Pollitt, after mat exertions, managed to save a large haystack and other property belonging to Mr. J. DMM and others of Knoclranena. The origin «i these bushfires is a query to many, and van otis are the solutions given to the problem. It is contended by some that had the Commonage Board allowed more stock to run on the commonage to keep down tie feed, which ma* plentiful before the fires, the bushfires would probably not be so frequent and dangerous as they have proved to be of late. It certainly seems anything but satisfactory ts stockowners to have to pay for preserved and well looked after feed to be destroyed by bushfires. There are others of opinion that it would have been much better had stock, even if tie fees had not been paid, been allowed to have fed on the grass which has been destroyed by the fire on the people's commonage. An old settler said to me the other day:—"The eternal Northampton Commonage question will, in my agBn^aMnn, never be mtiifiirtnrlljr settled until the millennium when, according $9 (he Bev. Baxter of prophetic fame, there will be some chance of settling all difficulties;" even the present controversery now raging between Messrs. " Zoilus," Harvey and others re tins question will probably be cleared up when that blessed time arrives, although, to judge from the tone of the public, who seem to take much interest in this matter, it is but fair to say that Mr. Harvey has, to use a classic phrase, "the thick end of the stick." lite Rev. K. B re re ton paid his customary visit to this town on Friday last, and held services in the Catholic Church on Sunday. The Rev. Mr. Barclay held services in the G walla Church on Sunday last. Messrs. Solomon and family (of horehound oelebrity), Campbell and Whitlock started for the Murchison fields on Saturday last well equipped for the long journey. Mr. J. A. Williams, of the Miners' Arms Hotel, sent his team away with a load to the same place on Saturday, and Mr. Sidney Hosken starts today. Monday, with two heavily loaded teams February 26th. 