AN EPIDEMIC OF FIRE. Widespread outbreaks in new south wales. Bush fires raging in the north. SYDNEY, Monday. Quite an epidemic of fires has raged through this colony during the past few days. Follow- ing on an extremely dry winter a hot spoil, with dry parching winds, has come to usher in spring, and with It a long train of fire disasters. On Sunday, in addition to tho great outbreaks at Wollongong, Walgett and the Scaham colliery, several bush fires occurred near various suburbs, in some cases encroaching on dwelling pieces and causing damage to fences, outhouses and verandahs. Throughout the day all the fire brigades were kept busy, and in some parts of the city seemed absolutely beleaguered with fire. Several dwellings near the heart of the town caught fire and were destroyed. To-day news comes from almost every direc- tion of disastrous bush fires and of outbreaks in cities and towns in addition to those already chronicled. On Saturday, at West Wallsend, two weather- board structures were destroyed. The cost of the buildings, £350, was partly covered by insur- ances. Tho contents of the houses, which were also destroyed, were uninsured. At Glen Innes, on Sunday, a house was partly destroyed, the damage, £100, not being covered by insurance. At Aberdeen a fire destroyed the stores owned by Mr. W. Phillips, insurnd in the London and Lancashire Company for £150 and in the Star for £1000. Those amonnts will about cover the losses. The Wollongong blaze destroyed £10,000 worth of property, and the various insurances reached £4720. Tho bulk of this amount will have to be found by the National Company of New Zealand, and part of it by the Mutual, Mercantile Mutual, Liverpool, London and Globe, Colonial Mutual and Royal Com- panies. The damage at Walgott is about £3000, and the insurances oover about £1000. The particulars in this case are not yet known. Reports to-day state great bush fires are raging at Parramatta, North Shore, Bondi and Ashfield in the suburban area, and in country districts at Wollongong, Kempsey, Taree, West Maitland, Dungog, Bulli, Clifton, Kendall and Lawaon ; but full particulars have not yet been received. At Kempsey several homesteads were burnt out, and numberless fences, barns, stables and outhouses were destroyed. The fires are still raging, though all the residents have turned out to quell them. It is reported that the Macleay Heads Public School has been burnt to the ground. At Taree the town was at one time in grave danger, and several outlying plaocs were burnt down. At West Maitland the country for miles round seems a sea of flames ; grass, timber nnd fencing are destroyed in many places, and thousands of pounds of damage has lieon done. A number of live stock have been destroyed, and many homesteads were saved with difli- culty. At Dungog the railway culverts and telegraph poles wore destroyed. Other places report almost as severe outbreaks. 