Weather, Pastoral, Crops, &c; Fine, hot, and hazy weather has prevailed, with skies so clear as to preclude any hope of immediate rain, and thereby intensifying the anxiety lest the drought destroy the crops of this season. 'Along the eastern seaboard the haze of innumerable bush fires ciings as if it were a fog for hundreds of miies. Vessels approaching from New Zealand detect both smell of burning and smoke 200 miles from the coast. On Monday the heated air and haze will ever be remembered in the metropolis. A passenger by the mail steamer Ormuz describes the red glare of the fires ashore as being a grand picture at night seen from seaward. High above what looks like the coasthne, but which is one long, unbroken bank of smoke that has settled between the ship ana the Bhore, is a lurid reflection, with here and there, where the conformation of the country is very high, what are unquestionably sheets of flame, tongue-thaped, shooting skyward, and evidently belonging to some fierce fire beneath. ' To a stranger who for the first time was nearing the land,' remarked one of the Ormuz people, ' the panorama was that of miles of fire, and it required no great exercise of the imagination to believe that cities and towns were being destroyed.' In Sydney on Saturday the temperature roEe to 78 '4, and yesterday 79-5. These are summer records rather than spring heat. Indeed not very often do we have a spell of weather over 80* temperature m what has been regarded as the hot season. That the terrible fires inland affected the thermometers here there is little doubt, the hot, smoky condition of the atmosphere in tbe city being unmistakable. Some of tbe reports from the steamers are remarkable. The Adelaide Com pany's Titus, from the north, reports 500 miles of ' tremendous bushfires, and immense volumes of smoke.' Captain Jackson, of the Tomki, reports ' dense smoke ' all along from the Richmond to Sydney. The record of damage, loss of stock, and danger to human life is reported from very many spots —Bega, Buili, the Blue Mountains, Greta, Moree, Lismore, and other places too numerous to mention. The strong westerlies have dnedupthespringmois ture, and fruit and oranges have been swept off the trees. Planting has been delayed, and spriug feed is extremely Bcarce. From Armidale we learn that stock of every kind are in a verv low condition. A great many of the old sheep and cattle have already died, and unless we get rain at once there will be no lambing, and thousands of the younger stock will also perish within the next few weeks. Farmers have very little crop of any kind planted. Camden farmers are buying produce from Sydney and cattle are dying daily in large numbers. Unless heavy rain falls soon at JDeniliquin the outlook for the summer will be very gloomy, and the crops will be a failure this year. At Picton strong westerly blustering gales have prevailed for the past fortnight. There is no spring in the grass, and the old feed is dry and withoot nourishment. There is no possibility of producing artificial feed. The protracted drought - is causing serious losses of stock. The price of cattle is so low that stockholders cannot afford to buy feed except for mi|kmg cattle and valuable stock. At Dubbo strong north-west gales are still devastating the country, and the slight green shoots are withering away. Of the rise in the Murray River, Mr. Russell says that the warm rain that has come on down there bas caused the snow to melt at an unusually rapid rate. The warm weather would in the ordinary course bring down the snow-water, but the rain about Kiandra has much accelerated it. Some of the bush men, writing from the Murray, refer to an experi ence of having to sit on the banks for 18 hours waiting to be rescued by a boat that would take them off. At Albury the Murray is rising rapidly, being on Monday 3ft, 6in. over summer level, and still rising. All the low land between ' Albury and Wodonga is now submerged. ' Stock . are . being shifted from the river pad . docks at various points. At Goodooga the weather continues very dry, and is getting hot, being up to 90* in the shade. Only lin. of rain has been regis tered since February, and for the last fortnight there has not even been a cloud. Shearing is nearly over. Stock of all kinds are offering m large lots at very low prices, bnt there are no buyers for stores, and the bulk of the sheep are too poor to repay the cost of boiling. They are not worth the expense of travelling and renting country, even if well-grassed country could be obtained. Terribly dry weather continues to prevail at Mo long, and rain appears as far off as ever. On Monday it was quite warm. A strong wind is blowing, and the dust about town has at times been blinding. The outlook at present is very bad. Everything is languishing for tbe want of rain, and it it doeB not come soon things will assume a very serious aspect. The cropB are at a standstill. Feed is scarce, and water is running short in many places. Stock is low in condition, and the mortality amongst them must become great if a desirable change does not set in shortly. The Murray at Tocumwal is 17ft. lin. above summer level, and a riee of 2ft. has taken place since Saturday at Albury. A flood is expected there, this being the first flood since the construction by Victoria of the reclamation embankment between Cobram and that town, and will both test the strength of the embankment and the accuracy of the engineers* report, they giving as their opinion that the works would not tend to throw a greater volume of water on the low-lying land on this side than hitherto. Farmers along the river on this side express great anxiety, they believing that the floodwater will be thrown over a much greater area, thereby swamping the crops in manjt cases. Boisterous winds, accom panied by blinding clouds of dust, were passing over the town all day. At Stroud large numbers of cattle are being transferred from the burnt-out country to where there is feed of any description. Large numbers of stock are dying everywhere, and more disastrous re sults are 1 eared if the drought continues. Several settlers have had great trouble to save their home steads from the bush fires, and the telegraph lines have been burnt down in several places. Lower Riverina and (he Murrumbidgee present a more pleasant aspect. Rains have fallen, the season is favourable, and the country is covered with a sheet of living green ; still spring rains are wanted lest the tender growth be checked. _ The cereal prospects in Victoria, provided more rain falls, are full of promise, grass is springing, and water storage needs plenty of rain. The boisterous weather of the week has not, however, added much. ? Very dry weather still continues to' distress the Ipswich and West Moreton districts bt Central Queensland. Stock are dying, though there be feed, but water lies too far away. Grass is poor, And fires are numerous. 