NOTICE TO QUIT. m»o first prize story of tbo "Weekly. Timce.") ' CHAPTER HL— THE BUSHFIRE, The elfins of a storm which hod given grelcome promise of a break-up of the drought otilll hung on the northern horizon ; Uut as the hours of that sight tforo on the heat grew more and more Intense. Morning at length broke, and, to add to the discomfort of all. the sickly pungent smell of burning bush hung over the place, and the sun rose fury red through the unmistakable haze of smoke. The father and son exchanged grave glances as they met at the breakfast- table, for their practised eyes could see only too clearly that the dreaded enemy of rich and poor, of farmer and grazier, alike, was gathering Its forces and de manded instant attention. "Come here, Dane," called Mr Vivian. "I want a word with you ; no, not there, we shall be quieter in my office. See here, 1 don't want your mother or the girls alarmed, but I tell you candidly I don't Hke the look of things. The fire has begun In the worst possible quarter. Hold It broken out In the south, the creek might have stopped It, and if in the onsrt it would have hod to cross two roods to reach us. But now It has a cieaa sweep over miles and miles of dry grass, and a good many dry trees and buslaes to help it along. The home stead Is all right, but tho woolshcds will bo in imminent danger, and anyhow we shall lose miles of fencing. I want you to gallop Into Heatherlie, and get all the help you can. Rouse all the formers along the way. They ore grand fellows, and will come to our assistance. I fear we are going to have the biggest busk fire I have ever seen In the district. Look, my boy, at those dense masses of smoke. It only needs a north wind to spring up to pretty well sweep the coun try. Take "Wildfire, he is the quickest hack on the station. I will hurry on with the men to the fire." "Better leave one of the fellows to guard the homestead," called Dane, as he strode away to the stables. "Humbug!" said Mr Vivian, under his breath. "The homestead is safer than any other part of the place. How ever. for the sake of pence " "Here, Ferris, you and young Jim catch ail the horses in the home pad dock, and have them saddled in double quick time, and— hold on a minute, sound the big gong to call all the men." Little need for the last, for the hands x\ere already gathering round tho house. Their keen eyes saw the danger only too well. 'T know I con reckon on you all, boys," mid Mr Vivian's hearty voice as he came out on the steps. "You know me. Have I ever had a good season In the profits of which you all have not shar ed ?" "No, sir," came ttie prompt answer. "Then I tell you frankly, friends, I have hod losses, bad seasons, etc., and If this fire goes too far It will be more than I can well poill through. Can I depend on you to stand by me?" A hearty shout of assent, answered him. and a warm smile crept Into Mr Vivian's honest eye. "And now to work. On with woollen clothes, my boys, in spite of the heat. Wear nothing that will fire easily. Load up the drag with the toughest green stuff you can find, and put two or three barrels In the cart. And you, Jim and Jack, bring them after us with all the haste you can. Joe Ferris, you can stay and mind the houKe and the ladies. Don't stir from the spot, all day," he added, sternly, as he caught the sullen, look In the man's eyes. "Good-bye, little wife," he sold, quiet ly, as Mrs Vivian, pale but self-pos sessed, come out to meet him. "Keep a bravo heart; there Is do real danger, and— don't keep me dear!" And they . were gone. Only the boy's to whom had been left the task of attending to -the barrels and the green stuff, remained, for Joe Fer ris had betaken himself sullenly to the stable. The pale, wearied, women look ed at each other, trying to read hope and trust In each .other's oyoe. " What a comfort It Is so calm," said Winnie. ."A north wind would be terribly disastrous." "Mother, what are they tearing all the pretty green branches off the shrubs, for?" sold Rose, running up, breathlessly. "1 told them you would be so cross; but they said father told them to. Tint Jack Carr is a big story teller." "No. pet, it Is true. Those ore to beat out the flames with." "But why do they carry them from here, when there, ore heaps and heaps of bushes where they will be?/ said the child, shrewdly. "Because even the green gum boughs have a quantity of oil in them, and would be apt to catch when the heat Is so fierce." "And the barrels. mother, and all the bags?" "They hope to find water at the big nwamp, dearie, and will fill the barrels; then, if Jack drives about with them, they can keep the bags damp, and they, will help greatly." "I wish we could help," sedd Winnie, with kindling eyes. "I hate to stand t by idle while others toil." "You need not, my dear," Mrs Vivian | said; "there are more ways than one to help. If you wish tn be of real ser vice, get on your biggest aprons, and you and Gertie can exercise all your skill In scone and cake making. I con assure you the tollers will think your help worth having If you take over re freshment for them. And get Jane to fill the large boiler with water. We can scarcely send too much tea to them, I know, by past experience." "But. mother, how shall wo get the provisions to them?" "Would you be afraid to drive, Ger tie?" "Hardly, mother. And I know they have not taken old Daisy with them. She would face anything if she were put to It. Well, come along, Winnie." Soon from the large underground kitchen came abundant evidence to the olfactory nerves that the two girls hod fallen to work right willingly. By lunch time a smoking heap of kitchen dain ties lay packed In baskets, and one of the large factory milk cans, filled with fragrant tea, was watting to be llftxi into the buggy. Will the two girls ever forget the drive they took that day. The staid old mare trotted bravely on towards the slowly advancing column of smoke; but, as the girls n eared the scene of the con flict, their hearts sajik within them. Surely, surety, the fire was gaining on the group of already wearied, smoke- begrimed men, who fought the unequal fight so bravely. From tree to tree leapt tlw fierce red flames, roaring sullenly as they sucked each new forest giant into a deadly em- 'brace, while on the ground Uny, Insinu ating tongues of fire meandered on with apparent Innocence In the longdry grass, until they reached the heaps of dried branches with which the bush was strewed, when they mounted the pile joyously, and proclaimed a new fortress taken. Don't come any nearer, girls," shout ed a loud voice from the midst of the flames, and Dane ran hurriedly towards them. "Keep on the other side of the road. You should never have come. But I can't deny you are ministering ungels," he laughed, as he peeped Into the well filled baskets. "Gertie, 7 hope you have gallons of tea; we are all fair ly parched with thirst. Now, I will lift the things down, and then you had bet ter hurry on home. 1 know tbo oid mare Js staunch; but burnt trees are falling all around us, and one cant answer for any horse when that is the case. We ! sent Jim and our Frank away an hour ago with the other steeds. I suppose you met them. Don't let Frank come ngoln, Gertie, he is better at home; but when Jim returns, if you will send with him all the available cons full of tea, we will answer for it that It won't got wasted." "Dane," said Gertrude, anxiously, "is the fire gaining on you?" "No, hardly that," he said doubtful ly, "but it will take us all our time to keep what we have gained. The still ness is, of course, In our favor, a north wind would give us no chance." "Have you enough helpers, Dane?" "Not half enough, Gertie, but we must da the best we can/ "I have been thinking," Gertrude said, thoughtfully. "I know that a regular gang of shearers are camped at Finn's Creek by Mr Dwyer's station, and If I rode there, Mr Dwyer might persuade them to come." " Capital, Gertie; If you can manage that, you will pretty well ensure victory for us." "Then we will hurry home. Good-bye, Old boy!" "Good-bye, and keep up your oourage girls; with heaven's help we shall gain the day." The long afternoon wore slowly on. Gertrude and little Rose had driven off on. their errand; the cans of tea had been despatched to the heated toilers. And now remained to, those at tho home stead the hardest part of all, to play- that of enforced Inaction and wearying anrxicty. Poor little Ida, worn out with heat and fear, had thrown herself at last on the little bod In her grandmother's room, and tossed to and fro, till sleep sealed tho heavy eyelids, the poor, frail, old lady, meanwhile, tenderly watching the sleeping child, her knitting needles click ing monotonously. Mrs Vivian and WlnnJe stood on tlio verandah, anxiously watching the mass of smoke and flame which, under the Impetus of tho dreaded North wind which had sprung up towards evening, was only too evidently gaining on the efforts of the worn out little band. "Winnie," cried the elder lady, with sudden alarm, "if It comes on at that rate, nothing can save us." Winnie gently placed her trembling companion in an easy chair. "There Is no fear for us, Mrs Vivian, but the wool sheds are certainly in dan ger. unless the wind changes: and I fear nothing can save the crops." The sun sank lower and lower, but the heat grew more and more intense, and the smoke, driven rapidly towards them, was suffo cating, "I do not think the fire Is any worse' In reality, the darkness coming on makes the glow seem fiercer, but that is to be expected." "Gertrude is very late, Winnie. She ought to have been back long ago." "Yes; I cannot think what delays her, unk-3H, Indeed, Mrs Dwyer has persuad ed her to remain over night." "She would never do that, knowing our anxiety; did you hear a noise Just then?" Winnie glanced round. "It 1s only the blind "rattling; I have heard It several times I witl fasten It if it moakes you nervous," and Winnie rose to carry out her Intention. But tho blind was left unfastened af ter all, for the corner of It was softly rained as she approached, and Frnnk'a face, pale and determined, appeared at the window. "Come hero, Miss Hewitt," ho whis pered softly; "don't startle mother." , "I will go and get a cup of tea for you, Mrs Vivian," Winnie said, moving to-' wards the open gloss door, then drawing her arm through the boy's, she said softly— "What Is It, Frank; fresh trou ble?" "Danger," said the boy briefly, lead ing her to the back door. "Look Miss Hewitt, the fire has broken out in tho stack yard, and the stablo has already caught, 1 am afraid. It Is no accident." sold the boOy hotly, clenching his hands fiercely together. "That villain Fer ris is at the bottom of It. I know Dane has been dreading something of the jort. he wanted him sent off at once." Winnie gazed at the blazing stocks with horror in her eyes— then her cour age rose. "What can bo done, Frank, no help is wlthln reach." "Precious good carethowretchhas tak en to prevent us getting It. See, ho has lit the scrub and grass between us and them. That answered two ends, for It will prevent them seeing our danger. But I will baulk tfls plans, . 1 can reach Dane and his men on old Rajah, he will stand fire. But the worst Is— the horses are all In the stables, and the door Is locked.' "Who keeps the keys?" 'Ferris has planted them— talk about splto! .1 can get old Harry's file, though, from his bench, and wc will breank open the door My only 'fear is this— I havo heard people spy that horses will stand and be burned to death sooner than move when once fire has touched them," and tears came Into tbo boy's brave eyes as he thought of his prisoned favorites. "Yes; but Master Frank, the fire has not reached the horses yet'," called out the sturdy. cook, as she hurried up In time to catch the last sentence, "X know it ain't too lntc If wc are quick, It Is just the straw in the loft and part of the beams that has caught." But Frank was already on his way to the carpenter's bench, and was soon back with his file at the stable door. Ah. joy; the padlock soon yielded to his vigorous efforts, and tho heavy door I swung back. No; Jane was quite right. Tho smoll of the fire bod scarcely, reached the place, and soon the whole mob of horses were led out and driven away from the spot to a safe paddock. Frank vaulted on the the back of his favorite hack, a spirited white horse belonging to Dane — sure nnd kindly. "Good-bye all," he said hurriedly. "It seems mean to leave you; but I will he back in 'two shakes' with help. Only watch the sparks to keep the fire from spreading." "Only watch the sparks." RrfeVly said. Frank; but not so easily. 'caYrted out." f 'i The women listened to the/ rapid foot-:' steps of tho retreating horse1/ V No light task hud the broye'boy ret himself, as they well knew. Wmdd " jnh fnce that spluttering finrT-ihiiw. breaking out Into a vivid glare as It caught the graceful tl-tree scrub, and .lit each tiny twig: now dying down in to a dim light that threw uncertain shadows, fraught with unknown terrors to equine nerves? Could he safely reach the party on the other side; and, even if he did, could they return with him in time to arrest the danger to the lovely old homo? "Never," Winnie told herself; and then she turned to the two women beside her, frqm whom all her earthly help must "Can we do It?" she said, quietly, very quietly, though her heart beat strangely. "Can we keep the fire from spreading to the kitchen nnd house; the stable and the men's huts are doomed." "Sure enough, 'twill be a hard fight," said Jane, doubtfully. "One thing we could do, Miss Hewitt; wo could pull Uie phaeton and the drag out of the sheds." "Why, how stupid of me," said Win nie, puckering up her white forehead. "1 should never have thought of that." "You nre tired out miss," said theklnd- ly iKJUsemald. "But oughtn't someone to go inside and keep Uie mistress from suspecting anything." "I will go at once," Winnie cried.' "Where is the file. Moggie?" said the cook, who was already tugging at the buggy house door," that villain Ferris has locked this shed, too." Winnie ran hastily towards the house, stopping to gently close the outside shutters at the window of old Mrs Leigh's room. Into which the glow forced Its way. "That will keep them in hap py Ignorance." she said to herself as she hastened to the verandah. And soon she had the satisfaction of leav ing Mrs Vivian resting in her ham mock, with a cooling drink beside her, her eyes anxiously watching the far-off danger, nnd all unconscious of the more Imminent .one at her very doors. One hurried minute In her room suf ficed to throw off the thin muslin and don a close-fitting woollen gown. One little prayer to the One all- pitiful, and she was ready— for what! "A stern fight," as Jane had said; for the very architecture of the rambling old home stead mnzle It an easy prey to the de vouring otemont. From the stable to the men's huts, and from thence to tho kitchen mere' child's play to those mock ing, red flames, and every gust of wind scattered a host of mischievous little sparks, which needed close watching and prompt extinction. Winnie glaucod keenly round. "The fire must not reach the kitchen," she said, firmly. "Once there, nothing would save the house." "True enough, Miss Hewitt, but we can't prevent It." "Don't say that," pleaded the girl, wistfully. "Look, the danger lies here in this verandah that connects the two placcft. Jane, Moggie, 1 am the lightest; only help mc. up a little way, and I can pull myself up to the spouting. This bark roof would blaze like tinder." Softly, Winnie, softly! Ah, there now. that is capital; your gymnasium, mis tress would have been proud of her pu pil. The light, active figure swung so easily and quickly on to the rough roof. And then the watchers below heard a glad cry. "Tho old bathroom tank; It is still here, and half full of water. Now for all the bags you can muster! I can keep the I Mirk wet for some time." Steadily, the fire crept on and on, and now it had nearly reached the spot where the active figure worked so eag erly, so-near-it was' that It threw a rich glow on the white face. How tired she was. Her heart beat quickly and uncertainly. Could she only hold out till help came she won dered dreamily. And the water in the little tank was nearly exhausted. She could hear Jane and Maggie working briskly below on a platform of tables which they had brought, tugging at the rough bark with the rude tools at their oommand. Strange lights flickered be fore her eyes, and tho yard and road below seemed peopled with moving, restless shadows. Then u dull roar, as of thunder, sounded in her cars, and then— a strong arm Rteadled her trem bling figure, und the thousand flames flickered out into deep darkness. Kind faces bent over her couch when she awoke, and gentle hands laid her back on soft cushions when she would have started forward. "She is all right now," said a subdued voice, "only keep her quiet." The Drayton doctor, Winnie told her self, dreamily, and then she wondered how long she had been ill. Lazily Pho opened her eyes. The morning light crept Into the pretty Urawlngroom, throwing Into strong re lief the gilding on wall ixipcr. A sweet breath us of mould after summer rain mingled with the fragrance of bruised rose petals floated through the open win dow. "Then the fire was a dream," ohe said, wonderlngly. "A dream Umt Is likely to make a pretty substantial hole In my purse, though It will not drain It altogether, thanks to you," sold Mr Vivian, kindly, and Winnie's pale cheek Hushed. "Did you come In time?" she faltered. " Dane did, iny dear," Mrs Vivian said, laying a cool hand on the heated brow. "He jumped on Rajuh' and got to the spot Just In time to prevent a certain little lady from falling headlong from the verandah roof," "And Frank?" WinnLu queried. "Well, he had a bit of a spill. Noth ing serious. Rajah stumbled on some hot ashes and threw him; "only an ankle sprained," said another voice, that Win nie knew, full well, and she closed her eyes dreamily again. "As for Gertrude she did wonders; sent us d band of nearly twenty helpers. We were getting worsted when the shearers camo ; but they fought like men. Then came the storm, and that did more." "Storm?" queried Winnie, again, open ing her heavy dark eyes. "Then that was thunder?" "Thunder? I guess it was." said Done laughing. "One of the most drenching, as well as the most opportune storms I havo ever witnessed. The ruin camo down in a sheet, and then the wind changed, and blew the fire right bock over the blackened ruin." "A proper storm," echoed his father. " The waterholes filled, and the crook running high again." "And now I am going to banish you all," said Mra Vivian, us Winnie's color roue again, "I am going to order this poor child straight to bed." That was two years ago; but the Christmas blossoms this year will wel come a sweet winsome bride. And as Dane Vivian proudly lifts her from tho light phaeton, he brings a swift look of defiance to the pretty dark eyes by 'his mischievous whisper, that "f he did give her "notice to quit" once, he has done hlsbest to atone for this offence by engaging" her permanently as companion for life. (Concluded.) 