ALBURY CIRCUIT COURT. ALBURY, Thursday. At the Circuit Court to-day the followmg pri- soners were sentenced - Edward Waterfield, arson, 5 years' penal nervitudo . Walter J Pnillips, forgery, 2 years' hurd labour , Charle« Robinson, obtaining money under false pretence«, ß months« hard labour , Edward bcammell, obtaining money by valueless cheques, 2 years' lir.rl labonr ALBURY, ThuMday. Forty-eight points of ram bave fallen here. ARM1TMLF, Thursday. A fire occurred at 3 o'clock this inormpg lu a cottage and bakehouse, the property of J. Trirns'a trustee». Hie place was burnt to the ground A flourmill and store owned by Mr. James M'Leau, J.P., adjoining had a very narrow escape, a« the shingled roofs of both were on fire twice The police and fire brigade saved tho mill and the store. BOURKE, Thursday. The Municipal Council at their mestiug protested against the reported leasing of the travelling stock routs on the Huugerford-road. It is alleged that one landholder has secured 40 miles of the route. Much indignation ia felt hy those concerned, aa the Huogerford-road ia the maia route to Queensland The Barwon at Walgett ia Oft., aud falliuj , Namoi, 5ft. Oin., stationary. All other stations re- port the river falling BOWRAL, Thursday, Mr. Rea, of Sydney, who visited Bowral during the Easter holiday», gave au organ recital at the Young Men's Association Hall tin« afternoon. COONABARABRAN, Thursday. The weather waa intensely warm yett-rday for this season, the thermometer registering 87' in the abade. Clouds of dust from the plaina obseured the «ky to-day. Mr. U. M'Quire, Bearbong, bad his leg broken at Mundooran amateur races cm Tuesday. The whole of Dinby holding has been taken up for homestead purposes. COWRA, Thursday. The land revenue fdr the quarter ended 31st March amouuted to £9931 Ina, being an increaae of £1110 over the amount received for the corresponding period of last year. The amount received at the local land office for the year 1895 was £10,004 14s lid. DENILIQUIN, Thursday. «The weather is now fine, mild, and pleasant, but the district ia suffering severely from the effects of the drought which has been experienced BO long, nnd if we do not get a heavy fall of rain soon the losses in stock will lie very great. ¡stock business continue» very dull. GERMANTON, Thureday. A meeting of the Stock and Pastures Bnerd wa» held at the stock office yesterday. Mr. John Ros» waa elected chairman for the ensuing year. It ira» resolved to sudport the movement initiated by lenterfleldto have a centra- committee in ¡sydney to wntoli over the interests of the pastoralists, with a resident hon. secretary. The first meeting ia to be held in July next A meeting of ahe°p directora was held the same day , Mr Harry B. Johnson waa elected chairman. GLEN INNl'S, 'Ihureday. A largely-attended .ueeting of townspeople wa« held in the Masonic Hall last night to bid farewell to Mr. A. T. Huggart, B A.. Wesleyan mitunter, prior to his departure for Narrandera The Mnyor. who occupied the c1 air, the Rev It Kayma, and Mr. A. rrager delivered valedictory addresses, to which Mr. Huggart replied. GOULBURN, thursday. A party of raydney gentlemen »pent Easter at Marulan shooting. Up t > it day or two ago tiley had bagged 12S2 hares 401 wallsbie», 96 kau «a roos, 00 kangaroo rain, 24 wallaroo», and 970 opossums Alderman O. J. M'Shaue, who li leaving Goul- burn, has been pro-touted with te»timumal» by both the local branches of the Hibernian Catholio BeuefU Society. He was secretary for «onie years. GUNNEDAH, iliuradav. Unusually hot weather ia prevailing, the maximum »bade temperature during the past week being about 8G . To-day a thick hare enveloped the town some- thing similar to smoke from bush fire«. Rain would again be acceptable Mueb inconvenience is felt by selectors and others at the-absence of the land bond sittings «ince Janu- ary. It is reported that the Moi»e chairman will adjudicate at Nnrrabrl temporarily. KIANDRA, Thursday. A very heavy thunderstoiin with ram occurred this eveni ig. A blacksmith's »hup cln>e to the cliffs at Yarrangobilly Cave« wa» «truck by lightning, and burned to the ground. The thermometer is U below fre°zing point. It is now blowing a strong gale. MOSS VALE, Thursday. Miss Tsabsl Throsby, fourth ilnue'hter of the late Mr. P. N. Throsby, and Mr. Murray White were married at the B mg Ben«: Ohuroti on 1 u»s lay. The ceremony waa performed by Archdeacon Langley. The church wa» prettily decorated, and a Targe number of friend« were presen' The weather during thn holidays was oharmiug, and a large uiimbor of persons visited the fall» and other picnic resort» Last evening several beavv showers fell, but to-day waa fine, with a cool wind blowing. MUD iKE, Thursday. A sad burning accident is reported from Toora- weenah. A child, aged ii, named Mnbeilev, wa» trying to pick a book out of the fire, thrown in hy n brother, and the child's clothing caught fire i he mother eudoavoured.to extinguish the flames, but the child wa« terubly burned, causing death six hours afterward« The milk supplied to tbn Wollar Butter Factory totalled nearly I9,000gals for Maroh. The Cooyal factory treated 20,000^ol The Circuit Court war to-day occupied with the heuriug of a charge of mining on private proieriy, without authority, against John Finn. A verdict of not guilty wai relOi-neJ. His Horor laid it would be a warning to mtmrtuot to trespas» without pro p»r authority. Patrick Brennan w»a again arraign««! on a charge of »heep-»tealing. A verdict of no1 guilty wa» returned. Two other charge» were ahus« doneil by th» Crown prosecutor. NEWCASTLE, Thursday. Messrs. W. J. Lyne, T. Rose. W. F. Sch«y. B. A. Prie«, E. W. O'sullivan, Ma.L.A., ar« announced to deliver addresses upon protection, at the Maionlo Hall. Newcastle, on Saturday night. Alderman W. B. Sharp will preside. Mr. J. Sturgess, mechanical engineer, who »niven from England »bout a fortnight ago to supervisa the works in connection with the establishment ol »melting »t Cuckle Creek, expect» to have- th« lurnaces in full blast in six months' time, employing; between 1000 and 1200 hands. NOWRA, Thursday. Mr. Nisbstt, police magistrate, has received an ia* timation of his transfer to Balranald. NYNGAN, Thuraday. The Rev. Seymour Smith, the incumbent of St. Paul's. Nyneanl ha« been promoted fo Cowra. Th« Rev. T. Biddulph, of Orange, take» his place. I he Rev. J. B ithgute, th» Wealeyan clergyman,4 ia leaving Njugiii thi« week, and the Rev. C. Usrkcr lies boen nppoiuted in Ilia place. The Nyngan Hospital has been completed. A . social in honour of the event was held on Mond») night. ORANGE, Thursday. A social was hsld in the Wesloyait church last night to welcome the Rev. W. G. Taylor, president ' of the Conference. PAMBULA, Thursday. Tho strong westerly winds of the last few day» havo amounted almost to gales, and have terribly parched up the littlo vegetation and feed. Every- thing is so dry that hush fires are again breaking out near the township, Thora i, no appearance whatever of rain. PORT MACQUARIE. Thursday. Mr. 0. E. Oslear, the police magistrate, bas been ordered to hold himself in readiness for duty at Bal» ran.ild. His sueco«, >r has not yee arrived. At a publie nieesing last night it wa, decided to Ore-sent Mr. W. J. MacDonald, lato manager of the ink of Now South M'ulos, with a purse oi soveioigns, in recognition ni his public service» in tho ndruncoincut of the diatiict. Corn-pulling is gencial. The yield throughout the whole dintiict is exceedingly heavy. Consequent1} the tannera aro jubilant at the prospect«. WEST MAITLAND, Thursday. Mr. German, representing the lirra of Pope, Maher, and Co., visited Morpeth yesterday and com- pleted the purehise of un area of three acre» ol land as a site for the works to be erected in connec- tion with the manufacture of the aleol water piper to bo used In the duplicate line from Walka te Buttai. WOLLONGONG, Thursday. On Monday a tea meeting was held at Sherbrooke to celebrata the opening of the new Mission Church, erected in place of the building destroyed during the bushfire«, sume months ago. Arrangements aro being made for the holding of a monster public ineetii.g with the objeot of bringing under the notice of Iho Government the necessity that exists for improved harbour nccnmnie.rlaj.inn for the Illawarra district. The output of cool from Mount Keira colliery dining the year 180.3 amounted to 78.6,1'.! ton», of which G1,100 tons was largo coal, and 17,462 tons small coal. The Smelting Company of Australia has completed an oro-rootu capable of holding 15,000 ton« of ore. Last night a farawell tea meeting was held in hoi.ourof the Rev. II. Caldwell, who for th« past three years has lieen pastor of the local Wesleyan Church, and has now been appointed to Camden. A beatty welcome wa, also given tho Rev. J. Austin, .Vir. Caldwell'» successor. The (Jourt of Quarter Seeaious was opened to-day before Judge Filzhurdiiigo. The cal»nd«r contained 10 caras. Air. Armstrong proiocuted for the Crown. Charles Edvrnid EUIOBO, formerly secretary of th« Wollongong llnrbour Trust, W»B charged with em- bezzling Í1101 3s 3d, the pr.perty of the Corni« smilers. Tho accused plnsdv guilty, and evidence of good character having boen given, the prisoner wa» sentenced to l8 months' hard labour. An application for rcleaso under the First Offuuders Act wa» re« fUGcd. 