THE WEATHER Iii THE COUNTRY. ? ? ' ?...». " .-^ ?' NORTHAM. BUSH PIBES. HAT STACKS DESTROYED. NoBTHiH, January 5. 9 Atter a week of toe hottest weather ever experienced here comparatively cool weather is sow being enjoyed. A strong ocol wind frem the south-east set in at about 10 oTolookon Saturday evening, rendering the atmosphere ont of doors delightfully ooo!. Daring the whole of the week very many of the residents slept on mattreises in verandahs or gardens. The average shade temperature from Sunday to Satnrday last may be set down at 115 degrees. On Friday at 3 o'olook it was 112 degrees, while at the railway station it was 117 in the shade. All through to-day the btat shows an average fall of 20 degrees. The highett wading during to-day has besa 88 degrees. Ibis morning at 8 o'olook the thermometer showed 70 degrees, while on Thursday and Friday previously at the same hour and plane 96 and 101 were recorded. These registrations have been taken from the name position throughout the week, the thermometer being bnng in a verandah relieved from the sun's rays after 10 a.m., and may be regarded as a fair minimum. In more exposed positions the reaord was mnob higher. The oldest resident cannot reeall snoh a spell of intense beat. Siokoeashas been considerably increased during the week, and the hospital is full ot patients, including several typhoid oases. Six deaths have occurred, including' four infanta. Ont of these one death was from typhoid and ona from sunstroke; ~ The want ef a public water supply baa been severely felt by residents unprovided with underground tanks. Expérience bas proved that where a snffioient catchment is provided the rainfall ia sufficient to give every private dwelling house a supply for the year. The Government are now despatching daily sop* plies of water to .Woolgangie and it ia believed the difficulty has been fairly met, buttha supply of 20,000 gallons a day must be regular until rain has replenished the tanka along the railway Une. It is expected tßat the excessive beat will shortly be followed J by heavy thunderstorms. - '\ I Turee fire's have ocourred daring the paBt j week, for whioh no canse ts assigned, except j in ene case at Meokering, where the fire was | doe to a severe whirlwind which was seen to ? enoboleabav-itswk, whioh imhttdUtelybtt^ into flnsH, A. bash-fire wa* raging a mile tff and it is supposed to have beep conveyed from it to tbe homestead. The acfferere ere lira. Jessie Hammond, resident at Seabrook, who lost about ten tons of ohaff already bagged and sundry improvements; Mr. Fred. Combly, Meckering, who had sixteen tons of hay, sheds and implements destroyed ; and Mr. Charlea Matthews, Northam, who had 40 tons of bay and stables barned. Con- sidering the intense beat and great quan- tity of dry feed everywhere remarkable im- munity from bush-fires is being enjoyed. 