_ llTY JJo» Minnie, New Zealand. — Your letter received; will write shortly. Ait the Seaside. — Brighthelrjstone, Cham pion street. M. Brighton, 21st January, 1896.— Bear Aunt Connie, — This is the first letter I ViavA writtob tc vmi T sTmiilri verv niiich lil-n to become one of your nieces. \Ve have taken "The Weekly Times" for nearly two years, and I am very fond of reading the "Young Folk'3" page. I have never setn any letters from Brighton, so I thought I would write and tell you a little about It. Just now it looks very dry for the want of rain, like most places. We live about ten minutes from both train and beach. Just now the beach is very much crowded with children, being the holiday season. A great number of sharks have been caught here. It seems dangerous for children to bathe iu the open, but they do It, There is a quantity of quicksand along the Brighton beach, which Is very dangerous. We have a nice pier, and the Railway Band plays once a week ; that makes it very pleasant in the summer evenings. There are plenty wild flowers to be got during the spring time, and magnificent orchids. I go to a private school. I am in the fifth class, and my age Is four teen. Hoping my letter will be accepted, and may I writo again ? I remain, dear Aunt Con nie, yours sincerely, — Constance Hoad. (A nice little letter. Connie. Be sure and write again.— Aunt Connie.) Among the Hills.— Buckiand, 27th January, 1898\. — Dear Aunt Connie,— This is the first time I have written to you, and 1 hope you will accept me as one of- your nieces. I shall be twelve years of age on the 16th of next May. I am in the sixth class, and I got my certi ficate two years ago. There is a mountain in front of our house. It is called Mount SniDe. It is the highest mountain around here. We are -surrounded by hills and gullies, some of which are very beautiful. There has not been any rain, .here for a long time, and the crops rhave; all -dried up. "There was a picnic on the ' Buckiand on New Year's Day. and my mother, :my sisters ahd brothers and myself all went 'to it " r."®ave a younger .Bister, and her name Is -Florrie; she is seven years old, and she is in the second class. She has a little black and white kitten, and a calf, with love to Uncle Ben, Cousin Connie, and Florrie. not for getting yourself, I remain, your loving niece — Ortlnda Weston. . (You write very neatly, Linua.— Aunt Con- hie.) Rabbits and Bushfires.— Orford, Monday 'Oth January, 1896. — Dear Aunt Connie,— This is"the first time I have written to. you, and I hope you will accept me as one of vour nephews I was ten years of age last March. We live on the banks of the Shaw River, and in the evening the rabbits come out of the scrub in large" numbers. There was a terrible lot of bushfires about on last Sunday week, but they did not come very close to our place. I have got two brothers and six sisters. Our school master, Mr P. M'Beth, has been ill, but I am glad to say he Is better again. There was a picnic here on Thursday last, and I think all who were there enjoyed themselves My father has been taking "The Weekly Times" for some time, and I like reading the "Youne Folk's" page very much. It is a mile aud a half from our place to the creamerv, and I drive the milk to it every morning. We had a nice rain on Friday, and it was very accept able after the hot days. Next time I write I will give you a description of the village in which we live. With love to U'ncle Ben and yourself. I remain, your loving nephew — James Young. ' No Wheat This Year.— Pompapiel, 25th Jan uary. 1896.— Dear Uncle Ben.— We have hardly any grass down here for' all our cows and horses. There has been no rain down here to make the grass grow, and we have no wheat to send to Dlngee this year. The holidays are over now, and the school started Monday and I have not been to school all the week.' We only milk eight cows once a day in the morn ing. and we only take 17 gallons of milk to the creamery. 1 have been up country for a holiday, and I went to see the ostriches, and there are 1 52 of them, and they are big things, too. 1 remain, yours truly, — William David son, aged 71 i years. Among the Bush Fires. — Stanley, Stli January, 3S9G.— Dear Aunt Connie, — I pro mised in my last letter I would toll vou a little about the place where we live. Well, it is six miles from Beechworth, and a mining district, and it is surrounded by hills. Ml. Stanley is about five miles from here, from which there is a nice view for miles around. This place is covered with prospecting holes, and very often people lose their horses and cattle down them. The first week we came here there was a poor cow down one of the holes, and we were up till twelve o'clock digging it out. The cow did not die; it lay down by -the hole till next day, and then re covered. The holes very often are covered up with ferns and grass. which hides them. The cattle, not seeing them, fall down. Two years ago a little boy six years old fell down a hole about seventy feet deep. When the.v got him up the poor little feliow's neck was broken. This is a very cold place, and we have snow here in winter, and the schoolchildren have great fun snowballing. A stranger, to look at it just now, would scarcely -believe we ever had snow here, as the place is quite sur rounded with bush-fires. Some of them were coming so near to the town that a lot of people had to go out and keep them from burning the cemetery. Some people living auite near the town have been taking their furniture out in case of their houses catching fire. Others have water ready. Grass has been very scarce here all the summer. I don't know what the cattle will do now. What little they had is all burnt. Everybody is wishing for rain to put the fires out. We have three cats. One Is such a dear old fellow; he will sit up shaking his little paw, begging like a dog. We have a little creamy _pony. who' is a i great pet. Papa will tie a handkerchief on. his leg and he will take it off when told. I have got my certificate, and am in the fifth class. I forgot to tell you in my description of the place that we have three general stores, . two butchers, one baiter, three hotels, and one blacksmith, two bootmakers, and no saddler. People have to go to Beechwo-rth to get- their work done. With love to all my cousins. Uncle Ben. and yourself, from your affectionate" niece, — Edith Taylor. A Bazaar for Our Cot. — Kentville, 49 Ripon street south, Ballarat.— Dear Aunt Connie,— I have never written to you before, but I hope you will accept me as one of your nieces. We have a very large willow tree at the side of our house, and one of my mates and I had a bazaar under it in aid of "Aunt Connie's Cot" in the Children's Hospital. I made a lot of dolls' clothes, and my big sister made some. I asked my mate would she help me, and she said that she would ; and she put a few things in the bazaar. She did not have time enough to make many, because I had the bazaar a few days after I told her about it. We sold everything, and got 3s. We do not take "The Weekly Times," but my sister told me about your having a cot in the Children's Hospital," bo I thought that I would like to try and help the poor children. I thought how dreadful it would be if I had to He in bed ail the time, and not run about. I have been to the Ex hibition, and I saw a train there about 2ft. high, and it had carriages large enough for a grown- up person to sit in. I could hardly believe it when I saw it. It goes rouud by steam. I think this is all the news this time. With love from one of your nieces,— 'Florrie Thomsett. (Thank you. Florrie, for your kind help. It was a capital idea of yours, and I am glad to have you as a niece. Write again.— Aunt Connie.) Many Homes and Many Pets.— Korong Vale, 2-ltlx January, 1596.— Dear Uncle Ben,— I was born in Hotham, Melbourne, 30th August, ISS3. Now I will tell you how many places I have lived at Ivanhce, Frankston. Ararat \\\ arracknabeal, and Beulah. Now I am living in Korong Vale; it is a mallee district.. I am very fond of animals. I have three dogs, two lambs, two goats, eight pigeons, two doves, three parrots, eight old ducks, and seven young ducks and eighteen fowls. May I write again? With love to Aunt Connie, and the cousins and yourself, from your loving nephew, — Albert H. Johnson. (\ es, Albert. You ought to be able to write quite an interesting letter about the different places you have seen.— Uncle Ben.) Two Frights and a Currant Pie.— Porcupine Ridge, l<th January, 1898.— Dear Aunt Connie, — Onlytwo days more and then the holidays be. oyer. Isn't it a pity? I don't want to start toat long walk to school again. Oh 1 It was so hot and windy the first Sunday in the New 7 ear. We were all at church in the afternoon, and when Ihe minister was praying f. <?fl„?lorf,s'hack galloped up, and just shouted h ire. The people jumped up and ran out,, and when tho minister opened his eyes the fchurth was uearly empty. One young lady ran nearly five miles without stopping because it was near their place. About 30 mm worked at it, and saved all the homesteads, but a lot of grass and fences were burnt/ Mother said It was fright No. 2 for her be cause wn en father was driving us to enurch the wmd caught mother's umbrella. It made AfStrl J'lUU:r7t!l,e horsf iumPed, the strap aPes broke' and father iiad to get The boys said, "What's the matter?" thif-i =nSfi s.t?" , 411(3 hold your tongues, Vjat s all the matter, said mother. Then be cause it was Sunday, no one had a knife bn?fafw I -,a bit strinS 3n 'tis pocket! but father fixed it somehow, and then we drove on. Dear Aunt Connie, I must tell you about DavtefoM6 fl'rH hrT ne day father was in " pd Jessie was out collecting for the Children s Hospital. . The boys were cut- tlaS «i! I and illie was coming home for tea, when he nearly trod on -a snake in the \ crop paddock. He ran to moth who took h?p sHc£nell!P1<ed-sh0veI- Wi3»e took up a K.fLi? ck; a"d Davie the hoe, and all went. for Jbe sna-ke. Mother made Walter rae stand out of the paddock by the fowl- house, and when they were hunting the snake 25? firefly Past waiter and off tl ihe s£d£ jard. Didn t we jump. He must havp thef£wi !rlen tbe dogs box- and been to the fotvl. dish for water. We searched for half an hour, but could not find him. About a week later father was turning over the grass £?£ W1HlaIork; and he saw Mm, so he kBleA i j1 « fork, which broke but never mind, we the pleasure of hanging the snake over the wire fence We visitors from Mslbourne for part of the hMI days and Christmas Day. Father drove us in the foot of Mount Franklin He tnnir teeT 0riVerand we al\ bad d3«" r under ! tree. There was a . black currant nie ami mothgiysaid It would have to be a? eatea " because of the juice. " Here, give it to me,'- said father. Mother thought he was going to eat some but Instead of that he quietly, poured ail the Juice on the ground. Tesa Forsyth was kind to say that about my letter, i Mother says I can tell her I am a real nice little girl when I am asleep. I only weigh 3st 7Jb. 'Mother says I ought to eat more pudding and porridge. Wishing you and all mv cousins a happy New Year, 1 remain, your loving little Chatterbox,— Louie Helen Russell, Prizes.— Edenhope, lSlh January, 1896.— Dear Aunt Connie,— I was pleased to see by the paper that my letter was worthy of publication, and that you had kindly accepted me as one of your, innumerable nieces. Christmas was verv quiet at Edenhope. New .Year's Day was a little bit livelier, as the Oddfellows' picnic was held that day. I won 2s Gd, and my sister Florrie won 2s 6d also. Our State School prizes were given out tbe da>«, he school broke up I got second prize in the sixth class. It was called "' The Girl's Own Annual." The weather is very changeable up here. One week it is hot; the next It is cold. Wishing you, Uncle Ben, and all my cousins, a very happy new year, from your loving niece,— Amanda Cummins. Learning the Organ. — Devenish, 22nd Jan uary 1898.— Dear Aunt Connie,— This is the first 'time I have written to you: I am 12 years old, and in the fifth class. I got my certificate in the fourth class. We are milking 58 cows. I milk some every night ana morn ing. I have a pet cow named Claude. I feed her every night." She gives a gallon of milk everv night and morning. I spent the Christmas holidays very happily. My father killed three snakes. The first one was on Christmas dav; it was of great size. It bit our dog Rover, and I am very sorry to say he died. The next one was on New Year's day; the third on the following Monday. We are short of water, and have to drive the cattle three miles to the other farm near Devenish. We live tour miles from Devenish. There are three churches— Bible Christian, Church of England, and the Catholic Chapel. We .at tend the Bible Christian Church. There are also three stores. three hotels, a blacksmith's shop, ' two butchers, and one baker, the butter factory, one saddler, a bootmaker, and a dressmaker; the goodshed, the cool storage, and a few private houses I have five sisters and two brothers. I am 'learning to play the organ. Please may I be your niece, and write again? With love to you, Connie. Florrie, and Uncle Ben, yours sincerely, — Florence Croucher. (Yej, Florrie.— Aunt Connie.) Buriedion Christmas Day.— Galaquil East, 9th January,' 1896.— My Dear Aunt Connie,— The weather/ Is very dry up here at present. In uuc j. v a luuiuicioh" bc&ause; most of the farmers have to cart ..water. Father has some yet, but if it does not rain soon, he will have to cart too. It would do harm, too, because a great many of the farmers have their wheat heaped. , One of our neighbors had a very sad Christmas. One of their relations filed of consumption on the 24th December, and she was buried on Christmas day. So their joy was turned to mourning. And on New Year's day another lady was buried, who. some people say. died of consumption too. I do not think that I have told you that my dear grandmother is dead. She was eighty-five years of age at her death, and she was always so strong ana healthy; she used to do her own washing and cooking. One day she caught a cold, and in fluenza set in, and settled on the lungs. She passed away so peacefully. She lived about sixty miles from here. Mr Burgin, a Sunday school teacher, gave his class a very pretty card for writing something about the Sunday school. With love to you. Uncle Ben and aJl the cousins, including Cousin Connie and Florrie, I remain, your affectionate niece,— Frieda J. Reinholtz. A Sad Accident. — Corindhap. — Dear Aunt Connie.— I have not written to you for a long time. The weather is very hot, and water is very scarce. One of my brothers, called Richard, had his leg broken between the knee aud the thigh in September at a claim called Carr's Freehold, at Rokewood. My brother was woriilng on the brace, and another brother, James, was driving the horse In the whim. Richard and James were on the night shift when Richard got his leg broke. The only man working on the top was my brother- in-law. He was working at the puddling ma chine, and when he found Richard's leg was broken, he called out to ihe men below, and then got a sheet of bark and laid my brother on it. In the meantime the men had climbed up the greasy rope, and tliey then took my brother over to Dr Johnson. James rode home on his pony to tell father. "When father and Willie, my eldest brother, got to Roltewood, the doctor said Richard should be taken to the hospital, as it was a bad break, the bone being shattered, and would require regular at tention. Mother was just getting better of rheumatic fever, and my little sister Marion was ill. Willie went for one of. my uncles to drive Richard into Ballarat My uncle and father started for Ballarat at half past eleven o'clock. My brother Richard came home about six weeks ago. He goes , about on a pair of crutches. The piaster of Paris is on his leg yet, and it should have been taken off four weeks ago. The Christmas holidays 'have passed away quietly. An aunt from Sydney is stopping at grandmother's at Rokewood. I went to the annual children's picnic, which was held at Kuruca-Rue, the residence of Mr Elder. There are eleven teachers in the Pres byterian Sunday school. With love to all. your affectionate niece,— Alice Maud Carr, aged 12 years. (I am very sorry to hear of the accident to your brother, and hope he will soon be quite strong again.— -Aunt Connie.) . The first prizes under the Percy Wal ker Bequest have been awarded to Miss Ada M'Donald and Master Gunnar Gundersen, both of King street State School: LIS each. The second prizes have fallen, to Miss Eva Garbutt, also of King street State School, and Mas ter White, of Errol street State School; L9 each. The assistant in charge of the sixth class at King street school, Mr E. Hayes, has had the pleasure of seeing the lion's share of these prizes fall to his pupils for sonie years past, under the head- niastcrsliips of Messrs R. A. Armstrong and G. H. Carter. The most noted dwarf was Jeffrey Hudson, born in 1610. At the age of eight he was 18 inches high, and was served upon the table in a cold pie as a present to Charles I. At the age of 30 he began to grow, and reached the height of three feet nine inches. He lived to he 63. In an old rats' nest found in the chim ney of an old house at Ligonier, Penn sylvania, were some papers bearing the date 1770, a Mexican dollar of 1774, and a Mexican quarter of 1772. 