GENERAL NEWS. Blakiston Dairy Produce Company.— The lmlf-yearly meeting of shareholders in the Blakiston Dairy Produce Company will be held at the District Hotel, Nairne, on Monday evening, when a report and balance sheet will be presented and three directors will be elected in place of Messrs. Stephenson, Monks, and Ryder, who retire but are. eligible for re-eleoLion. Publicans' Licences.—At the quarterly meeting of the Adelaide Licensing Bench the business done .included the following Pub licans' transfers granted—William H.* Barry, Scenic Hotel, Norton's Summit; William Ferguson, Commercial Hotel, Strathalbyn ; James Mott, Davenport Arms, Macclesfield ; William Wiedemann, Vine Inn, (Hen Osmond. Hew applicants for old houses— Simon McBeath, Great Eastern Hotel, Litttlehampton; James Warland, Hagen Arms, Echunga. Mount Barher Board of Advice.—At the meeting of the* Mount Barker School Board of Advice on Saturday, fith instn there were present Messrs..E- Header, (chair), J. D. Hill.'and J. R.''Chapman. 'Received from the Inspector-General the names of 15 children who failed to attend school on 35 days during the quarter ending Maroh last.. The board recommended that action be taken against all parents who bad previously been warned, uuless satisfactory reasons were forth coming. Messrs. Chapman and Trelea7en to jet desks repaired at the Mount Barker School. - A request from the teacher at Echunga for gravelling the schoolyard to be attended to. Unclaimed.—Letters with the. under- mentioned names and addresses 'lie at the 3.P.O. waiting to be claimed :—E. W. and E. M. Bonndy, Stirling West; Miss A. Donnellan. Goulwuy, Murray Bridge ; Lieut. Dixon, c/o. Mr. Dixon, Mount Torrena; Hiss Eliza Foster, Mount Barker; August Hurste, Forest Range; Mrs. C. Genders, ' Carolside," Mount Lofty.; Miss Mary 3-orman, Port Victor; C. Johnson, Goolwa; Hrs. Kerr, Mount Barker; D. Mansfield, c/o. Hr. J ago, Macclesfield; M. J. Miuogue, Hurray Bridge ; John Nash, Happy Valley ; Hiss Sheppard, Victor Harbor; Mr. Edward Smith, "The Wurlie," Mount Barker; A. Smith, Hahndorf; Mrs. James Vicars, "Maronbra," Woodside ; Oliver Warren and Mr. and Mrs. E. J. Wheeler, Happy Valley. A Veteran Gold-digger.—On Wednes- lay (writes an Echunga correspondent) Mr. Henry Hampton attained his 81st year, and while congratulating him I elicited some nteresting particulars of his life. Mr. Hampton, who is a native of Chichester, Sussex, landed at Glenelg on June 15, 1838, on the ship Eden, navigated by Captain Cook, a great-grandson of the famous discoverer. The voyage occupied exactly 16 weeks, and among the passengers were Mr. and Mrs. George Kingston, the parents of the Premier, Mr. Hampton at first engaged in agricultural puruits, but in 1840, with Mr. John Barton Hack, he helped to form what are now known as the historical gardens of Echunga. After that he invested in bullock teams and took stores to outlying stations, finally settling down on his farm "Staple Ash," near Echunga, in 1849. In 1851, in conjunction with the late Mr. William Chapman, of Mount Barker, he discovered payable gold where the Warrakilla mines are situated and followed the discovery up by tracing it on to the old Echunga fields, which have proved the richest in South Australia, Messrs. Hampton and Chapman subsequently obtaining £500 From the South Australian Government. From that period Mr. Hampton has followed the peaceful occupation of farming and has an exceedingly snug homestead. He has been twice married, and there are 12 children and 33 grandchildren living. The old gentleman, who is still very active and vigorous, was the recipient of numerous presents and congratulations on Wednesday from his large circle of children and friends. The Institute Secretaryship.—Mr. F. R. Smith, who for the past four and a half years ha9 been an energetic and enthusiastic secretary to the Mount Barker Institute, tendered his resignation from that position on Wednesday. The committee have lost a most capable official, and as a result of the manner in which interest in thu institute was worked up by Mr. Smith the membership- roll has doubled since he took charge. Mr. Smith's resignation takes effect on July 10. At a special meeting of the committee last evening it was decided to invite applications, which will be received up till 8 p.m. next Thursday, for the vacant offices of secretary, librarian, and caretaker. W.C.T.U. — Thirteen members of the Mount Barker branch of the W.C.T.U. met on Thursday, 4th inst. The President (Miss Brew) opened the meeting with some well chosen remarks on *' Leaven," based on a ' portion of the 14th chapter of Luke.1 Circulars were received from the Colonial President and secretary respecting the week of prayer, thanksgiving, and special effort in July and the cake and apron fair to be held j at the Union Sail in .aid-of the headquarters furnishing fund. Friends who have anything to contribute to the abose are asked to leave it at Mrs. Barker's or Mrs. Allen's, whence it will be forwarded to Adelaide. Rechabitism.—There was a good attend- ance of the members of the Mount Barker Adnlt Eecliafaite Tents (male and female) at the half-yearly business meeting in the insti tute lodgeroom on Monday; evening, 8th inst. After the formal transactions had been gone through and officers for the ensuing six months elected the new officials were duly installed by the District Depnty Ruler (Bro. J. Couch), assisted by Bro. W. W. Win wood, D.8.J.T. Before the meeting closed a hearty vote of thanks was accorded the district officers for their attendance. The visiting brothers suitably acknowledged the compli ment, Brother Win wood delivering a fluent and instructive address. Extending Dunn Park.—At the meet- ing of the Mount Barker District Council on Monday the following resolution was carried : —"That £200 of the Dunn Park deposit now in the Bank of Australasia he withdrawn and expended in the purchase of the land which was lately bought by Dr. Bickle to enlarge Dunn Park, and to be vested in the District Council of Monnt Barker the same as the present Dunn Park." Before carrying out this decision the council consulted their solicitor, and the action to be taken will be in conformity with the provisions of the trust deed. An offer has been received for the right of grazing cattle on the added piece of land, and the £10 paid annually by the Railway Department on account of the triangle is another, item of revenue. Trade with Great Britain.—At the Congress of the Chambers of Commerce in London Mr. Chamberlain said that the suggestion which had emanated from some of the colonies with reference to a protective tariff against the world, giving Great Britain a small preference in regard to colonial trade, had no chance of being accepted. Personally he favored the Toronto scheme, by which Great Britain would enforce duties against foreign countries in grain, meat, wool, &c.;, in order that the colonies might have the full benefit of the English market for their com modities, Australia having in return to remove the restrictions against all British manufactures. This proposal would open an almost unlimited market for colonial pro ducts, and it would also provide the strongest possible bond of union for the British race. Accidents. — An accident occurred at Mount Barker on Wednesday afternoon, whereby a boy aged seven years, the son of Mrs. Blanchard, of Bugle Ranges, was badly injured. While standing up in his mother's trap for the purpose of putting on his over- coat the little fellow was thrown out through the horse taking fright, and the wheel of the vehicle passed over him. The child was so seriously hurt that fears are entertained for his recovery. The accident has a special element of sadness owing to the fact that the boy's brother was drowned while bathing some four months ago. Dr. Bickle is in attendance on the youthful sufferer. Writing yesterday our Nairne correspondent says he learns with much regret that a son of Mr. William Griffin, farmer, has met with a serious accident, having fallen against a stump and injured his hip. He is at present an inmate of the Children's Hospital, and little hopes of his recovery are held out. Muoh sympathy is felt for the parents of the boy, who is very bright and intelligent. Perils of the Bush.—M.C. Gibbons, stationed at Mannum, has reported to the Commissioner of Police on the finding of human remains in the scrub by Mr. August Egel, a farmer, of the hundred of Finniss. The constable stated that he proceeded to the spot and found that the discovery had been made on section 22, hundred of Angas, about 13 miles from Mannum, in dense mallee scrub. The skull was about 5 ft. from the few bones, having evidently been removed from where it had first been lying, probably by wild dogs, which abound in that part. It was in rather a bad state of preservation. The bones had been charred through a fire which had ocourred at some time. Some were imbedded in the sand two or three inches deep. There were four small buttons on which the name of John Ciark, Adelaide, was stamped. The remains were evidently those of a youth, and as the last bushfire in that district took place over 12 years ago they have necessarily been lying there during that period. The March of Science.—The London Spectator expends an ingenious article in demonstrating that the world grows more interesting every day. The age of slow moving and drab-colored life is gone for ever. The moments are packed with incident. Every sort of human interest grows strangely vivid. Something is " happening " at every moment and in every realm open to human knowledge. Politics certainly grow breath less. In science we have the new photo graphy ; in social affairs the new woman ; in exploration Dr. NaYisen and his alleged dis covery of the North Pole; in mechanical science the translation of Niagara into foot pounds of saleable energy, tell at what moment or from what quarter there may not break upon us some startling -vision. : Mr. Maxim ftey thach us how to fly or Mr. Edison how to travel'-through air and water by electricity. Chemistry may give us a new weapon that shall make and unmake kingdoms, or a new and costless food which will revolutionize commerce, a new illnmi nant that will ruin all the gas companies, or a new form of mechanical energy that will treble the working power of the world. Any thing, in a word, is possible; and possible at any moment. Most middle-aged men, we suspect, will be disposed to think that the world is just becoming worth living in about j the time tliey have to leave it. 