The Companies’ Bill was passed last year with a great flourish of trumpets. It was said to be the one thing needful for the prevention of all the commer- cial troubles experienced in Victoria forj the last seven years. The most rigid rules were laid down in order to put' an end to the wholesale swindling of sharks and unscrupulous specula tors of every description. Affidavit making was to become the principal occupation of managers, secretaries, auditors, clerks, not to mention chair men and directors, with a view to guarding the innocent public against the depredations of these clever people who go about Collins street seeking whom they may devour. It was sup posed to be the most perfect piece of legislation that ever emanated from the workshop situated at the top of Bourke street. How could it be other wise. Nearly all the members of the present Ministry are lawyers, includ ing the Premier, the Attorney- General, Solicitor-General, Minister of Lands, and Postmaster-General, while amongst the ordinary members there are nearly a score of legal gentlemen who are known to take a deep and earnest inte rest ;in’ the business of Parliament. Yet will it be credited, complaints accumulate daily as to the bungling indicated in the drafting of the measure. Several of these might be re ferred to, but one to which attention has just been called is likely to inflict serious injury upon the monetary relations of Victoria with investors in the old country. What is to be re gretted is that the interest involved is that of the mining industry. Stated succinctly, the difficulty appears to be that the Registrar-General of Victoria has refused to register debentures on which large sums of money have been advanced, on the ground that they had been executed 30 days prior to appli cation for registration. It takes about 31 days for a document leaving London to arrive and be delivered in Melbourne. If, therefore, a debenture which required to be registered in Melbourne within 30 days of execu tion' were despatched on the Ist of January, it would arrive here just two days or so too late, and the Registrar-General, giving full effect to the Companies Act, mußt decline to register. When j the bill was going through Parliament this point escaped botice. The minds of hon.. members, though strongly saturated with legal knowledge, owing to the presence of so many barristers and solicitors, were obliviouß of the necessities of time and space,,of the powers of steam, and all the chances ] and risks attending a voyage; to, the Antipodes. In division 2 of the Act there is a clause that a mortgage must be registered in Victoria within 30 days, as we have stated, after the creation of such mortgage. In some cases it is also necessary that 14 days’ notice of intention to register must be given, and the same advertised in the | daily papers.. It is true -that while in one portion of the Act mining com panies are exempted from this procedure the interpretation clause declares a rain ing company to mean, “ any mining company under part 2 of the principal j Act, that is only no-liability mining companies.” This, in the opinion of lawyers, puts British companies out side the pale of exemption. It is ctated by a contemporary which is sup posed to have the means of knowing:— “ That debentures representing several hundreds of thousands of pounds are in this position, the borrowed funds of one company alone being between £200,000 and £300,000. The effect on the British investor is that money will not be invested in the debentures of companies formed to work Victorian properties. Solicitors in Melbourne have been advised from London that this has already taken place.” Large suma of money are, it might be said, every day raised in London upon the security of. Victorian mining properties, but now the operation of the Companies Act places home in vestprs in the somewhat anomalous (position of having paid their money upon a valueless security. The science iand- art ; of driving (a coach and four (through an Act of Parliament appears ito have been lost in this country. : Lawyers and business people are so exceedingly moral since the land boom, and it is admitted on all hands that our Premier and Attorney- General are such rigid sticklers .for statutory definitions that no possibility exists of going behind the plain language of the Act, It is urged that if the Registrar-General, who raised the question, had not done so until he .had consulted a greater lawyer than himself the tvouble might not have arisen, but. having once taken up his position, with his finger on the text, there is no dislodging him. Unless a Daniel comes to judgment there is likely to be a very bad im pression created . at home respecting our bona jtdes, for although Vic torians, confident in their honorable intentions, may not have their com-: posure disturbed, yet if any recent investors have bad previous caused to remember us they may swear off and never do any more busi ness with us. So far there seems no other mode of meeting the diffi ! culty than by calling an urgency | sitting of Parliament for the express ! purpose of amending the interpreta tion clause of the Companies’ Act, re moving the difficulty complained cf, and extending the time for registra tion from 30 days to 90. This amend ment of the Act could be effected by. both Houses in 20 minutes, while another 20 might be well spent in exhorting the Government to be more careful in future. A narrow and'parsimonious policy in the management of our railways is just as likely to produce popular dis satisfaction and loss to the department as reckless extravagance and waste of materials did during the old regime. It is one. thing to run a concern bn strictly business principles; ' it ■ is another to adopt cast.iron, rules from which , under no cricumstances must there be a departure. Warned by, the fate of his predecessor Mr Mathieson ' Beems to err in having, re course' to the other extreme. He has manifested this tendency on several occasions and in various forms. He has, ■ however, backed down in every case just in time to do .the right thing with a good grace. Possibly he may be induced to prove similarly accom modating in relation to the reasonable request of the Ballarat Miners’ Associa tion. . Ho one,:we imagine, .will con tend that our miners are, not entitled to as much consideration as any other class of the great army of working men and their families, who patronise the State railways, and who, perhaps, more than any other class help to .make them pay. The farmers have their special excursion trains, and (very properly, the rates charged are gauged so as to catch the many, and thus make things pleasant all round. The Bal larat miners have an annual excursion to Melbourne under the auspices of their association, and hitherto these visits to the metropolis ~ have proved very enjoyable to the excursionists and remunerative to the Railway Depart ment. No less than 1100 adults, and from 100 to 150 children travelled by last year’s trip, and fares footed up the substantial total of nearly £3OO. It would seem that this very satisfactory return does not accord with the Commissioner’s principles of management. The fare bas been 5s 6d per adult. The stern manager whets his knife, determined to have his full pound of flesh, and demands 5d more. It matters not whether the clasß it is supposed to benefit are the hardest worked, and relatively per haps the poorest paid in the commu nity, and that to them the country is indebted for much of the prosperity of one of our most valuable industries —there is the regulation, and “If you don’t pay according to it then you had better not travel with us.” Surely this is not the spirit in which the Com missioner should have received the deputation representing the Miners’ Association, Messrs DuNSTAN and Lawn. If the railways were the pro I perty of a company one could easily understand the attitude as sumed by the Manager. But owned as they are by the State the difference is quite sufficient to alter the principle at stake. The people are the owners of the lines, and while they approve of economy and enterprise they naturally expect special consideration at times. Further, any business man knows that the larger the volume of business brought, say, in one line, the more easy the terms granted. The miners j will gather to the number probably of 1200\. That is in effect a guarantee against loss—it may be even an assur ance of a good profit. What more does the department require? This penuriousness cuts both ways. It deprives hundreds of persons of a holi day, bul it will also deprive the rail way B*of a. certain permanent source of revenue. The. Miners’ Association have too far this year to recede, and ratler than .do so will .make up the ,dOY?* en °y from the funds, so as not tof disappoint the members and their fcmilies. The Ballarat Sun day Spools’ annual excursion has already been discontinued for the very Bame_.ciuse. Perhaps when there are no mote Ballarat railway excursion trips tie Commissioner will possess his soul ic peace, and declare that there is novi a chance of his department being jable to pay for greasing the wheels 1 j ===== I We fiava had from time to tima ocoaaion to make |erious complaints against tha Tele graph (Department, but all to no purpose. The uiual stereotyped answer was given in almost’every oaao—“Delayed in the Mel bourne office.” It was never admitted that any blame did or possibly could attach to the local i office, and of course we had only to grin and bpar, naturally apprehensive that otherwise matters might be made worse. Dur ing the late All England Eleven test match at Adelaide, however, the service proved snoh that whoever was responsible we have no hesitation in declaring that wb have been treated infamously by the department, and we call upon the Postmaster-General to institute an immediate enquiry in order not alone to asoertain if any of his officers have been gnilty of negligenoe, but with a view to improving the service in future. On Tuesday we n ere from 20 to 30 minutes be hind, and after,.as we thought, perfecting our arrangements for yesterday, we find that in some instances it took 18 minutes for a messsge to be delivered in Ballarat after the hour at which it had been lodged in Mel bourne. In one case a message was de livered followed after a few ■ minutes by the one that should have preceded it; a message giving the close of the game on Tuesday was. lodged in j Melbourne at 7.40 p.m., and only' reached this office at 8 8 p.m., thus taking 28 minutes in transmis sion. The strictest investigation should be made into the transaction of the business in the Ballarat office, as well as regards the mode of forwarding messages from Melbourne. We have every reason to consider that the Bervioe, so far as we are concerned, is shame fully worked, and it is quite time that the Government Bet about placing affairs upon a more satisfactory footing. The deputation which waited yesterday on the Minister of Defence was one that per sonally, and having regard to the subject matter submitted, should not ba lightly re garded by the Government. There were two Ministers, nearly a dozen hon. members, and a number of representative citizens of Ballarat present, including the City Mayor and several members of the conncil. Their object was to request that the next Easter encampment sbonld be held in Ballarat. Major-General Sir Holled Smith was present. Sir Henry Cnthbert introduced the deputation, and Mr Shoppea opened the ball by stating that those with- him appeared to ask the fulfilment of what had always been considered a promise, namely, that the next encampment should be held. on the . common, near Ballarat, and which, he pointed oat, as regards extent, position; and necessary requirements for the accommodation of a large body of troops, oonld not be surpassed. Sir Holled Smith did not appear to take kindly to the proposal. He thought that if an enemy landed the point of attack would be in the vicinity of Western Port Bay, and it was neoessary to familiarise the militiamen with that part of the oonntry. Be sides, - he was apprehensive that the encampment wonld degenerate into a huge picnic, owing to the vicinity of a large city, and the crowds that were certain to at tend wonld interfere with operations. These are precisely the objections anticipated by Tha Star some days ago, hot, as we then pointed oat, they wonld be found to be inap plicable in this instanoe. If a cordon is onoe established the police will do the rest. Besides the distance of-the common from the centre of population renders it vary unlikely I that there would be any very large aggrega- I tion of people on any occasion except perhaps on review day. The difficulty apprehended by the General is wholly unfounded, and the allnßion to Moreland was not felicitous, as it is • situated at the very point where the Melbourne holiday makers debonch onto tha northern snburb by means of the tramways. Besides, in the old country, encampments, except for permanent purposes, are not always held in a hole and corner sitna-. tion. The' General or some competent officer is to inspect the common and consult with the City Mayor’and Colonel Williams, the com manding officer of the district. : The third test match between the English and Australian Elevens was finished in Ade laide yesterday, and the-Australians gained their second one innings victory. The English men, after a" painfully ’slow' second innings, scored 282, whioh, with 278 in their first innings, left them 13 behind the Australians’ opening score of 573. The feature of the Englishmen’s batting yesterday was the con tinuation of M’Leren’a innings, which added 124 tans, 201 oat of 283 rans having thus been made by two players—the Lanca shire amateurand Banjitsinhji. - M’Leod and Noble, each of whom obtained five wiokets, were chiefly responsible for sending their opponents so promptly to the right about, and it says much for the quality and variety of ■ the ‘ Australian howling that throughout tha match no fewer than six howlers were tried, and the batsmen were at different times in difficulties with almost all of them. The game was concluded before 4 o’olock, so that Stoddart’s team were able to leave for Hamilton by tha express. The fourth test' match will be commenced in Melbourne on Friday, the 28th inst, and hopes of 'the Australians winning the rubber chiefly contra in this straggle, for it is generally conceded that tbs Englishmen are invariably more at home and make s better showing in Sydney, where the last test match will be commenced on Friday, the 25th of February ■ The match finished yesterday in Adelaide made the forty-ninth of what ar9 generally recognised as test matches, and of these Eng land has won 26, Australia 17, and 6 have been drawn. Students of Oricket-statistics maybe further interested to know that the match finished yesterday is the thirtieth of the long series played in Australia, against 19 played in England. The total of 49 ia made np as fol lows:—At Melbourne, 13; Sydney. 13; Ken nington Oval, 8; Lord’s, 6; Manchester,' 5; Adelaide, 4. Yesterday’s result established > a tie as regards victories in the matches played in Australia, England and Anstralia having won 14 each, while 2 were drawn .at moat in definite stages, viz., England 294—308, and Australia 320—127 for 3 wickets; and England 309—231 for 2 wickets v Anstralia 300. The opinion that whenever M'LareD, Banjit sinhji, and Storer failed with the bat then the Englishmen must’ fail, received strong con firmation in the t«at match jnst closed. It is now almost conclusive that the Australians are a stronger batting side than the English men, at least on form di-played to date daring the current season. The phenom mat suceess of Banjitsinhji and M’Laren, allied with the splendid work by Storer. has largely tended to blind the public eye to the failure of others as batsmen. Ia match after match the three batsmen named have scored heavily; in fac', of the 2714 rans, inclusive of sundries, made by the team for the loss of 71 wickeds in 11-aside matches prior to the one juat finished, the throe contributed no fewer than 1551 for 21 dis missals. Another illustration of tha lopsided nature of the English batting is to ba had by taking each match separately. In the first two ganv’B Mason was a conspicuous aucoess, but M’Laren fared only moderately. Since then Mason has failed conspicuously, and M’Laren has performed Ben3atioually. In the first match Banji and .Storer (M'Laren got none) made 273 out of 442 off the bat, leaving 169 fur the remaining men, of which 79 was Meson’s contribution. In ths Victoria match Banji, Storer, and M’Laren totalled 223 out of 511, of which Mason got 164 for once oat. In the New South Wales fixture Ranji, M’Laren, and Storer compiled 445 against 127 by tha other eight men. In the first test match the same three batsmen scored 335 against 244 by the other eight. And in the second test matoh they made 223 to 220 by the remaining bats; while in the third they made, in the second innings, 201 out of 283. The Anstralians, on the other hand, are scoring consistently. A charge of having deserted his two little children, preferred against Thomas Richards by his wife, Ellen B. Richards, was heard at the City Conrt yesterday, before • Messrs Achason, Cooke and M’Nmght. Mr D. Clarke appeared for the defendant, and Mr F. H. Tmhill for the complainant. Mrsß’chards gave evidence to the effect that -he was married to the defendant in Marob, 1885, and b id three children, one of whom had been committed to the care of the Neglected Children’s D'partment. She was able and willing to maintain ’ herself, bat conld not provide for her two other children without the aid of her hnsband. He had given nothing towards their support for the last five years, and had generally spent the little monoy he earned in drink. They had lived at Footsoray, but at the end of about two years, as he could not provide a home for her, it was arranged that she should come to Ballarat- and reside with her parents in Dawson street until he should ba able to provide a home, when he was to send for her. He w is earning nothing at the time. After staying in Ballarat for soma time with her parents, her" children being with her daring that time, she decided to go to Melbourne and endeavor to find her husband, from’ whom she had never heard ainoe they parted.. Od arriving in Mel. bourne in the year 1896 her searoh for her hus band proved unavailing, and ehe then-issned a warrant for his arrest; She returned to Bal larat, and after another long interval her hus band was discovered, and’the warrant was pnt in execution.- 'He was-brought be fore the City Court last week,, but as she did not appear in oourt, . owing to ignorance ■ of her husbands arrest, he was discharged,’ On learning thie she had a second warrant issued. Alexander Butters, father of Mrs Richards, stated-that he bad known the defendant in' imately; much to hi* sorrow. He had employed him at Daylesford, and had obtained employment for him aB a miner, but he’ was discharged through his drunken habits. Mrß' Qoarrel gave corrobo rative evidence. The defendant stated that he bad always sent money to • his wife when able to do ao, and had indulged in drink very seldom. He was now- in receipt of 24s per week, and promised to contribute to tha support nf his wife and children.. He offered to take care of the children, and said that his wife conld live with him also if she desired to to do eo. Constable ’ Jones stated that ha knew the defendant, and thought he was v* sober steady: man. Mr T.' Maaon, of War renheip, who employed the defendant, gave him’a good oharaoter, and said that he would have taken charge "f hie ohildren had they not been taken from him. After some de liberation-the bench ordered the defendant to pay 5e per week towards eaoh c>f hia< children’s support, two sureties for the fulfil ment of tha order to ba provided, and to pay £2 2s coats. ■ln onr fourth page will be fonnd an in teresting letter on the Mildnra problem, sup porting the view adopted by Mr N. fi... M’Kay, and enunciated in bis communica tion to The Star published an Tuesday last. The Mayor of the City expresses himself as perfectly sa’i-fied with the re-mlt of the depu tation to tha Ministar of Defence yesterday ip regard to the proposal to hold the next mili. tary encampment in Ballarat, although a. definite decision has been deferred, pending a visit and report from the commandant. . The City clerk (Mr Perry) is to write to the Minister this morning, inviting him to accom pany tha commandant on bia visit to thee City. . Latest aoaonnta of tha fires between Gordon and Ballan point to an even more aerione elate of things than was indicated in the particulars given in The Star yesterday. ' Westward of the Blakeville road, not very far from Ballan. the fires were raging for many miles, and numbers of the inhabitants left the township - to assist in fighting tha flames. Fortunately the change of wind prevented the further pro gress of the fire, but not before ifc had destroyed many square miles of grass, some crops, and not a little fencing. Amongst; those who have lost heavily are Mrs Larkin and MeHera Fowler and Pickarton, bat ia addition to these many of the farmers will bo ’• heavy sufferers by the visitation, and in some \- it was only by the moat strenuona exertions that homesteads were saved. Tha hot weather experienced of late had eo dried np • the grass that the flames ran along the ground with marvellous rapidity, their progress' being aided by the strong wind that was blow ing. And the danger ia by-no means over yet. . The rain which fell on Tuesday night had no appreciable effect in extinguishing the fire. Treeß and logs are still burning, and there ara no means of extinguishing them. In tha country already devastated the worst is over, bat at the edges the advance nf the firs baa still to be fought against, and if a strong wind rises it might yet cause an immsnsa amount of destruction. Last night men wera stationed at many points along the edge of tha - fire, to watch for any fresh outbreak and check it at the start. Should.the weather - continue calm, even though the heat may’ba great, these precautionary measures are likefy to prevent any forthsr serious damage. .Members of the house and finance oom mitteea of the Hospital met last night to con sider the question of ways and means witb regard to the proposed erection of a women's ward in celebration of- the Qneen’d diamond jubilee. The matter was diaenssed at length, though informally 1 , and no resolution waa arrived at. 'lt was generally admitted, how ever,' that even when the plans have been modified the cost will not-only largely exceed the amount raised by the woman’s ward fund committee bat also the sum available when the money originally intended to be withdrawn from the endowment fund haa been added.. At the same time raembjre thought they could see their way clear to mating provision foe sufficient funds to commence the work, and it Beams probable that definite steps will be taken to carry out the wishes- of the sub scribers. ; The definition of' an amateur as regards rowing was settled at a epeaial meeting nf the - Victorian Bowing Association on Monday evening, when Mr Upward’s motion for tha modification of the rales was carried, after some discussion, by a narrow majority. It is to be hoped that the Jaat has now been beard of this subject. -Particulars of. the meeting will be found in another column. : A large number of summer blooms are now at their beat at the gardens, and large and varied masses of onlor meat the eye in every direction. Among the moat oonepionons bloom*- are the cannas, which preseat a dazzling mixture of bright rep and yellow.. . Soma of these plants are between 7 and 8 feet high, and one bed in particular, which ia - devoted wholly to : them,. is one ■ of . the most attractive features of the gardens. Tha dahlias will command .as mnoh attention aa the cannae, and some of the epeoimens ara very fine. The large cactus dahlias are among the: roost prominent bloome to be seen, whila the compact show varieties make an admirable display. In another week or two theae plants will present a still more magnificent appear anoe. Gladioli - are now at their beat, and the petunias also contribute largely to - the wealth of color. The borders of the beds are resplendent with pan siea- and verbena 9. in numberless varieties. .Bose", particularly':the toa.acented- variety, .are flowering freely. There are a hundred varieties of tea-scanted roses to be seen all in bloom, the collection being alone worth a visit to the gardens. The tiger lilies are ju3b commencing to bloom, and bear the fernery are to be seen some beautiful epeoimens of tha I abntilnns, of which there are 20 varieties is. jail shades of red and yellow, and also a fine, pare white speoimen. - The very h»nd [ some creeper, Mandivilia Sonvelens, with its pure white sweet-scented flower,- which ia growing ever the fernery near the hot- honees,. greatly adds to the beauty of that part of tha gardens. A number of pelargonium cuttings will be satin the course of a few weeks; but most of the planting haa been suspended owing to the large’ amount of watering to be done during this dry weather. Fears are ex pressed that some of the more delioate plants will not be able to stand the ordeal of the hot weather noises rain falls shortly. Mr Bobart Don, who was injured on Thurs day last in the Ontario mine, Derwent Jack's, yesterday lost hie left foot through amputation. The bone was terribly crushed, and the oper ation was deemed neoeassry in order to bsvo the patient’s life. Dre Pinnook, Hardy, end Champion, with the assistance of the resident surgeons, Dra Gardiner and Chenhall, effected the amputation, and last night Mr Dan was reported to be progressing favorably. ’ The sixty- sixth annual report and balance sheet published to-day show the Bdlarat Banking Company to be one of tha soundest,, moat progressive, and modt ably managed of colonial financial institutions. The cash re serves (including £20,000 invested in Govern ment debentures) amount to £70,070 17s 6d, and are equal to 33 per oeot. of the bank’s total liabilities. Tho gross profits for tha half-year, inolnding the balance brought for ward, £2463 18s lid, amount to £9394 4s 9d. From this the following items have to be dednoted: —General charges, £1229 3s Id;- interest paid and accrued, £3061 15s 91, leaving a balance of £5lOO las lid, £2337 103 of whioh is to be disbursed aa a dividend at the rate of 5J par cent, per annum and £soo' added to the reserve fund (making it £53,500), while.£2263 5s lid is to be carried forward to the next half-year. Full provision has been made-for had and estimated doubtful debts, and the bank's assets are of the beat and most remunerative character. The oash balance in hand and with the banks on the 31st De cember amounted to - £50,046 13s 2d, and investments in Government debentures to £20,000; the bank furniture is set down at a valuation of £3OO, and having written off the substantial sum of £2053: 12s Bd,- the bank premises are assessed at £3350, while other real estate, including one leasehold, at oust to company, less £3OO written off, is pnt down at £7B£(l Ss 21. The advances, exclusive of provision for bad or doubtful debts, amount to £265,679 6s 6d, and bills of exchange and promissory notes dis counted not incladed, exclusive of the same wise provision, account for £3581 3s lOd. Tha callable capital in reserve amonnts to £115,000. The half-yearly meeting will be held on Friday, the 4dh of 'February, at and o’clock. ’ The Orphan Asylum annual picnic held yesterday at the Gardens was favored by per* feet weather. At 8.30 yesterday morning the children, to the number of 170, marched down Tictoria and Bridge streets, headed by the Asylum band, and on reaohing the Back’s Head hotel were conveyed to the Gardens in the trams free of charge, through the kind permission of M»B*rs Akins (the secretary) and Hodgetta (the traffic manager), of the Tram way Company. On reaohing the Gardens and park gameß and sportß were held, inolnding raoes and cricket. Eaoh youngster had two trips ronnd the lake in the steamers, which were kept busy all the day. The swinging boats and maze wera addional of amusement, and all spent a most enjoy* able day. The president of the Asylum (Cr Peudy, Mayor of the Town), vice president (Mr J. Phillips), and several other members of the committee were present. The children were under the care of Mr A. EenDy, the snperintendent of the Asylum, Mrs TT«nnv and the other officials. An appetising lnnoheon was provided by the Asylumlauthon lnn°o j, a if.past7 in the evening the trams «miveved the picniokere home, and on reach • li.il terminus in Start streetthe cabmen of the City and Town kindly drove the ohildren to the Asylnm free of charge. A netition has been presented to the mayor and of Ballarat Bast, by rate navers residing m the vicinity of the bone crushing mill i“ r ° rk BtreBt - Th ?, Pat'tionere «“ ta .hat the mill has been established for a considerable time, and has proved to be an intolerable nuisance to those residing near it, owing to the stench arising from it. This .tench the petition describes as mßnfferable, more especially during the enramer monthe Mid as a menace to publto health, and oonse snently they urge the mill should be removed. The petitioners express the hope that the council will refuse to grant a license for the continuation of operations at _ the mill, and will compel ite removal in the mtereete of the -.tenavers. Avery large number of Signa ls are appended to the document. The matter will be considered at the next meeting ef the conned. The express from Adelaide will be divided into two trains to-day, one of which will innvey the Enropean mails, which should, therefore, be delivered in Ballarat—the letters by the first delivery, aad the news papers at midday. The only case set down for hearing at the Town Police Court yesterday wae one in which two neighbors were at variance, one charging the other with illegally detaining goods of the value of £l5. Cotineel had been engaged on both sides, bnt as it was announced that there was a probability of a settlement being effected without ventilating the particulars in conrt, the magistrates—Messrs Lome, Josephs, and King, J'e.P.—adjourned the case until to morrow week. An eigbt-roomed house at Bnninyong be longing to the Misses Magor, was yesterday destroyed by fire. The firemen promptly arrived and saved most of the fnrnitnre, bnt owing to lack of sufficient water supply in the looality were unable to save the bnildiog. Constable O’Brien yesterday arrested a man named James Barbour, 33 years of age, and describing himself as a laborer, on a oharge of having broken a door and a pane of glass. It is alleged that the aocuaed was found trespassing in Mr Falk’s yard, and on being told to depart picked up a briok and threw it throngh a fan-light. Mr Falk went for the police, and on returning with Constable O’Brien found the door of the bouse alao broken in. The accused wae thereupon arrested. The secretary of the . Ballarat Miners’ Turf ; Clnb is now issuing the annual members’ tickets for the present year, the first race meeting of which will take place next Friday. The enbsoription is £2 2s, which entitles members to all the privileges for the 12 meet ings, including entrance of private vehicles to the carriage paddock. The mombeie’ en closure is being enlarged, and anew grand stand is amongst the improvements to be carried ont next month for the convenience of members. Nominations for membership will be received by the secretary op to 8 p.m. to day, at Newton’s hotel. ; _ Grasshoppers have of late been very trouble-; some in the Gordon diatriot. They are ao. numerous that in some cases they have' entirely denuded cabbage plotß of all gre^n," and after eating the leaves have devoured the; stalks, even following the stalka down into the soil and feeding off the roota. Potato' plants also have fallen before their ravago?, which seem to have been mere eevere this season than for many years past. This is probably dne to the fact that nearly all the j grass has been dried up by the extreme heat experienced during the past month or six weeks. The City Polios desire to asoertain the owner for a Bmall gold bar brooch which was fonnd yesterday morning in an avenue near the lake. The. Town Council has agreed to heartily co operate with the City in the entertainment oj the Federal Convention delegates on the occasion of their visit to Ballarat on Friday and Saturday, the 11th and 12th of February. This decision was adopted at a epecial meeting j held last night, when the mayor (Cr Peady) and Cra Kline, Williams, M’fCee, ■ and Johnston were present. The mayor and j Town councillors subsequently met the repre- i ssntatives of the City (the mayor and Cre Morey, Heinz, and Elliott) at the City Hall and communicated the result of their delibara- j tions. Owing to the Premier having ' inti- j mated that the stay of the l ' delegates in the City must -be brief,’ and that they could not arrive in Ballarat -as early »b 5 o’olock on the Friday it was decided not to adhere to the programme originally prepared for their entertainment (which has already been published in The Star), bnt to frame anew one at a special meeting to be held on Saturday night next. It is probable that the' Militia, the fire brigades, and the bands will be invited to assist in giving the visitors a cordial reception, and that a banquet and visit’ to the chief places of interest will form the leading features in the proceedings. The matter' will be bronght before Monday’s meeting of the City Conned. Mrßi F. Toucher, M.L.A., president of the Australian Natives’ Association, has instructed the general secretary to make appeals to the individual branches on behalf of -the sufferers by ths bnsb fires. When the contributions of Ihs branches reach the board in Melbourne the aggregate amount will be generously supple mented and handed to the Mayor of'Mel bourne ns lbs A:N.A. contribution. A case of typhoid fever in Grant street, Ballarat East, has been reported to the Town Conncii by Dr Badcliffe. Mr Harry Cogill’a popular company closed their Ballarat Beaenn last night by appearing I in the successful farcical onneedy, ''ln Town.” partly for the benefit of the Ballarat City | Bowing Club, who recently bad the misforthne to lose a racing boat by fire. It wae agreed that alter the oompany had taken .£25 to cover expenses, the club should ■ receive another £25, all moneys after these deductions to be equally divided. The receipts were about JESO in the honse, so that the clnb will receive approximately .£25. The performance Was a moat enjoyable one. As showing the fecundity of snakes, a oiirre tpondent mentions that Mr W. J. Lugg recently killed a black enake, which, on being cut opeD, wae fonnd to contain 29 reptiles iu embryo. The Bev. W. Goyen, one of the most popnlar Pt® B chera in the Primitive Methodist Chnrch, sill5 ill give hie lecture on ” Mrs Booth,” in the embank street Cburoh to-night. Ae the subject is popnlar as well as the lecturer it is eipsoted that there will be a large audience, ine Rev. J. Wilson, a former minister of this circuit, will preside, and admission will bo by '■J 6 * 00 ' 11 ' T be proceeds will be applied in aid of the stipend fond. On Wednesday and lonrsday the young minißtere of the Primitive metnodist Chnrch will be in this City for their examination, under the conduccorsbip of the «ts. C. Anthony, J. Wilson and W, Goyen. ,*° ,pi. e s'!’ nn B ministers preached in Eyre treat Church last evening to a good congre gation and were well received. The repra- Mntatiyes from this circuit to the annual SB c mbly m Collingwood next month are the I‘i*|[ham '*' Messrs Pryor and W. Alex. Taylor, 21 year ß old, of York street, ss treated at the Hn ß pital yesterday for ignt injury to one of hie eyes, sustained "Me working at Messrs Miller and' Ca.’a machinery yards. i c ? unc '' of the Old Colonists’ Association nsia their monthly meeting on Tuesday last. present:—Mr John Murray (presi pj ,n the obair, and Messrs J. Wright. W. A- rc, ' er . J- Vallins,'and B. tf. thwJa' , eecretary’s report stated that three deaths had occurred since the last meet- ing, viz., those of Messrs J. R. Hopkins, W. H. Booth and John Peart. Messrs David wern’ni l p ? r ' on * 8t aff, end David Phillipson Pomilnn ol -l m , emberB - The conncii ie corres resusef^'v! 1 ' . e Bmlway Department with Th« • mb Association’s' annual excursion. 10, _ o?l Pts for the past month were J£42 CihTfv'? ebt 08888 were disposed of at th Esau yesterday, and Michael Charles license's. P “ UbrOok Were . S ranted c^ebrat;n neCt -° n wdb the Foundation D»y tiZf“ nB u '" Meibourne and elsewhere, issued “““day excursion fares will be 25th anil 'S.i. f r om al * stations on the 24th, 30th in.? , lDBt - On the 27th, 28th, and bn hensii u at excutB ' on fares will also with *l. ,'° Melbourne only, in connection in con ttb - cricket match. Tickets “’silahlo t *° n . Wltb ko'h excursions will be 4th Eehrnary 16^ 010 bo aud 'cdueive of the who was arrested by Eogerson ” ar< Jj®y and Plainclothes-Conetable ksria e oe|, day laet on a charge of jeweller-, t ai Jr n lontly obtained articles of Aurora Th tae Tab,e °f £27, the property of f S i ,dn6 y. in November last, *nd on the ii- ore . tbe Oily Court yesterday, •tatsd Urn, PPkcstion of Sergeant Biggs, who 'Mrisimwl BCCOBe d bad been arreßted on a le thavinir ~a - r ra? »’ tb ° °riginal warrant not ■? r dered until q , rom Sydney, a remand was 10 tw ° snreti. at r Ur n- ay next - Bail was allowed '"“ffnißancMfoVlMOO euch and tbe aconsed’a Traij,, l tr a fi eB l e8 ’ EJaion met last night at the ! -io yjj, Lamp Btreet, for the first time > Present V ' ar , R 0 “amber of members tot just T”, | he balance- sheet for the half “ Mine ill . waa received and adopted, jf'ition, J i ll a rV obe ’ n a f ft ’ r financial i "Option H ,o ° fEc ® rB were re elected with .Peedio h» v ;„„ 0 ate vice-president, Mies i° n ' Mies n n o ” n “PPointed to that poei .,B)oittee t,' „ ? n ? k Wi * B eleoted on the °f the nnM R - de . C { ded t 0 brin « ™der the '“keying n n ;?? i l< \\. tbo namcs °f the shops on labor, and the question of the new statement was referred to the execu tive officers with a view to considering the reports from the various shops in reference to it, and the manner in which it has worked and the prices paid.’ : \ ■ ; ; ‘ • "^S r ?t** ner *A •y m P*thy has bean expressed in loallarat with the sufferers by the Gippa l tntl bußhfiree, and in ail probability there are many who would like to show this in' a' practical manner. In order that' this may be done, the Railway Department has ’made special concessions in the interests of I hose whose grass or homesteads have bsen burnt. It has been_uotified that all live stock re moved from Thorpdala and Narraean in' conse quence of the bushfires will bs osrrisd toother localities at ~what are known -as' starvation rates. Fodder sent to those places will also be forwarded on the same conditions. Paroels of clothes and food for those who have been rendered destitute by the fires in the distriot may Be consigned to the E-v. J. Crisp, and will be labelled “Freight paid,” the Treasurer having undertaken to bear the cost of transit. Judge Gaunt will Bit at the Court of Mines, Lydiard street, at 10 o’olock this morning* A serious charge has been preferred ngainst an elderly man named James' Mitohell, an enginedriver living in Brrkly sireet, who was arrested by Plain-olothes Constable Rogerson on Tuesday night. The charge is that of having assaulted a girl 13J years of age, named Jane East. He appeared at the City Court yesterd »y, and was remanded until next Tuesday, bail being allowed in two sure ties of £lOO each, and one snrety in his own reoogoiaancea for £lOO. Income tax schedules are now obtainable at the Post offioe, Treasury, or courthonse. Miss Maud Crow, daughter of Mr Crow, statioumaster at Buninyoog,. yesterday met with a painful accident. She was playing' at the turntable and one of her feet was oanght and severely cut and bruised near the ' ankle. The Buninyong Borough Counoil has de cided to arrange a concert with the object of raising fnnda for tbe relief of the distresses caused by the Gippsland bush fires. The committee of the Ballarat Butobers’ Employes met at Judd’s hotel on Tuesday night; Mr G. Brennan occupied the ohair. It was decided to join in the Brewers’ excursion to Geelong and Melbourne on the 9th of February next, and a letter will be sent to tlia Master Butchers’ Association asking for a holiday for that date. The finance committee of the City Co'nooil, at their meeting to-day, will, consider the application of the charitable institu'ions for a modification of tbe conditions under whioh the sanitary charges are imposed and the question of amending the bylaw in refereDoe to the' removal of the City refuse. fR The acting secretary of the Ballarat Crioket Club (Mr A. M. David)' has received several group photographs of the Town and Country players in the recent “ oouotry week” matches,’ and those desiring them may obtain copies on application. 