NOTES AND EVENTS. Many highly interesting articles on various every day topics appear in the ad ditional sheet published with The Herald this morning. The usual number of racy stories are included. The hot and muggy weather still con tinues, and the forecasts have not given us mudh hope for somatbhing better. It ap pears that the atmosphere., like the earth, has hills and vall-ye-unlike the earth's these bips and valleys are migratory. When they migrate sparonably we have weather. When they do not we have thi other thing-as at present. Mr Baracchi tells the interviewer that somewhere be tween Australia and New Zealand an atmospheric mountain has stuck. It won't move on, and the atmcspheric valley, which would bring the looked-for respie froem volcania tep€p.ratures, is also glued, and cannot coPeo alug,. We must, therefore, pray that this mouatain ma, he moved. The picnic party returned from the Beech Forest on Wednesday, and although the smoke and pre'alence ot bushfires pre vented them from epeing many of the. beauty spots of the Forest they thoroughly enjoyed the outing, and we understand that a picnic on a more ftxtediled soaie will be attempted next year, T,;e party wsre catered for in first-class style by Mr M, Willis, of the Commercial Hotel, and they feel grateful for the kindness and courtesy eelanded ~o ~hprt by him. The night brefore t)?e patty left Mr Marray eofered £1 to two yo04ntg men to give an exhibition of how the . foresi giants" are felled. The spring bhards were inserted some 20 feet up a fine speci men of the timber tribe, and everything was in rewdingss to start at 8 o'clock 'on WeV.dnesday morniug, byt t? thetheaiitime the party decided to ret.?rn f Colac. The Irce, bherofore, remaips to be fallen attsellx peetinig, and should to a decided iioveltv to thbce unacquainted with forest life. As there weP. two counoillors among the party, thelatter intended to combine busindss with pleasure if the stay had been prolonged, by inspecting the various tracks, including bhose leading to the watorfails and other pictureslpi s pdts. There has been a considerable drain on the local water supply, and consequentlY C' the tanks are nearly depleted, owing to the be quantity used by the Fire Brigade on B Monday and there being scarcely any wind cl since Tuesday. Scores of water carts have st been drawing from the'stand pipes daily, some being taken as far as Watncoort, and A at times there were f our or five waiting for c their turn. The authorities consequently I had to lock the pipes, so as to preserve the ti water for the use of stock and drinking t purposes. It has been sugzested that if p the abatement of the wind continues it would be wise to erect a portable engine temporarily at the well near the hospital, and thus ensure a constant supply of waet r. Upon many of the large forms and I stations there is almost a water famine, for a in addition to the' wells being very low, the ( only means of raising the water in mrst c places is by means of windmills, and these tos often refuse to "shift" in consequence I of insufflicient pressure. Let us hope that the long-wished-for change will Eoan put in an appearance, as life under existing cir cumstances is anything but pleasant. It is a smarvel that therre has not been more sick ness oseing to the unprecedented heat. A committee meeting of the Beech Forest Turf Club was held at Ditchley Park on Tuesday last. The club has not come out as well as last year, owing to the heavy bush fires, but all things considered the committee are very well satisfied with the result. A hearty vote of thanks was accorded to Messrs Murray, Manifold and Calvert for their kindness in giving a dona tion of £5 each to the races for next year. The committee also thanked Messrs L. MI. Calvert, W, T. Donald, RI. B. Blackburn, W. T. Manifold and W. St. L. Robertson for the will;ng hand they gave in acting as stewards, and so helping to make the race meeting a success. It was decided to sin cerely thank the peple of Colac for rolling up so well, especially in fact of the fact that so many s-lectors had to remain at home to protect their places from the fires, bocause only for them the races would have been poorly attended. A rather amusing incident happened on the night of the Beech Forest races. About 2 a.m. a couple of gentlemen 1.-ft the ballroom to make for Mr Murray's camp about a mile distant, the track to which passes through the straight on the raceeou'se, but after walking for a couple of hours they considered they must have their steps. Looking at their watches they decided to walk back till about 5 o'clock, by which time they should get to the stirr ing point. They walked back and back, however, until daylight appeared, and much to their astonishment they found themselves on the racecourse about 200 yards from camp, where they had been walking round and round all night, pass ing the camp several times ! Mr T. W. Doubleday, Beeac, announces that some phenomenal bargains will be offered during his annual cash clearing sale, which commences to day. Sweeping reductions and heavy discounts will be allowed i.n millinery, drapery, fancy goods, grocery, ironmongery, glassware and general goods. Further evidence of the popularity of the Beech Ferest as a holiday resort is forth coming, Mr Gilbert, (the photographer of the party from Avo?a which recently visited the forest for a holiday), who took several meritorious views, writes us as follows :-" We had such a pleasant trip that all arrangements are made to re peat the dose next January this being the usual time for our tour. Es cry member cf our party was delighted with your part of Victoria, because of all our trips for the past ten years Beech Forest takes the palm." This country was never so dry and parched as it is now through the it cessant heat, so that bad the party seen it like other years with the grass as green as spring, while all the rest o.f the country was dried up, they would have been even more immensely pleased. The ordinary monthly meeting of the Wincbelsea Shire Council will be held to day. It is an important one, as the ques tion of the suspension of the secretary will be further considered. The river question engaged the atten tion of the delegates at the Federal Con vention throughout the whole of Wednes day, and the only actual progress made was the striking out of the 31st sub-section of clauns 52, whi h provided that:--" The control and regulation of the navigation of the River Murray, and the use of the waters thereof from where it fir-t joins the boundary between Victoria and New South Wales to the s-a," should be subject to the provisions of the constituion of the Com monwealth. The Snu h Australi-n dele gates seek the inseetion of a sub-section in its place, to provide that the Common wealth may have control of the mainten ance of toe rivers Murray and Darling, and with the concurrence of the riparian states the improvement of the navigability of these wateryoays. A further amendment has been moved by lIr Is- acs that the sub-section to be inserted" shall read: "The niavigability of rivers, which, by themselves, or in conjunction with other rivers, are, in fact, permanently or intermittently navigable for trade and commerce with other countries or, any of thp several states; but so that no state shall b. prevented from using any of the waters of guch rivers for the purpose of c o n s e r v a t i o n a n d i r r i g a~i io , t o s uo h e x t e n t as in the opinion of the int'r-s'.te'com mission is not unjust or unreasonable, having regard to the needs and require ments of any other state for suelh pur poses." Both these amendments met with strenurue pp; osition from the N S.W, dele gales, and scre, al of the South Australian delegates intimated that if'the Fmsondment submitted by their colony was no"; fc eepted, they would vote for that moved by Mfr .saaes. Shortly before the adjourn ment, iMr J;. 4. Carruthers (N.S.W,), moved ;to substitute for the sub-clause anotllr as follows :--s'The inaintenance and with the concurrence of the riparl,in states the improvement of the navigability of the Murray and its tributaries: but sub ject to the sla'o powers over the waters thereof for local gonservation and use." In the course of a chi?dren's sermon on Sunday at Warrnambeol the Rev. \ý, Gray D'xon mentioned that the meainbi, of Sr. John's branch of the Young People's Society of Christian Endeavor had recently formod a p?ipt for young men at South Warrnamboo'. Intendipg members to the number of about 20 were Asked to sign a pledge expressing their wi lingnecs to an stain from drinking, b tting, smoking, and swearing. The younu men, however, inti mated that they thought they could pledge themselves as far as drinking and betting were concerned, but they could not over come-for the prerent at l.asor-the habits of swearinig and smoking. The pledg was therefore modified to include only drink ing and gambling, but the organisers werp still hopeful that in time, the mem bers would also be able to give up smoking and swearing. The rev. genople?ga e?g pressed his admiration of the candour of the young men and their snnse of respen. sibility, home people, he said, would sign anything, but these young men would only undertake to do what they felt they could carry out. He aidded that if what be had been told by friends, teachers, and the police was correct,.very bad Iunguage was often used in the school-grounds and at stroet corners. He was also told that even sormo ladies swore occasionally. He had nobt heard it himself,' but people were on their 'best behaivor rwien o 'minister ap proa?ghgd. \- While Mr Blackburn was enjoying him self Et hbe Beech Forest races on Monday his property in to Tprarig district was being de'asttrcd by lire. h- eF naer wao deospathed on Moiiday with 6 leer informing lhi of the ocftt inti he wosld not read it then as he thought it was only a member of the picnic party having a joke with ihim. He did not read the letter until the followring morning, when to his sur prise it related the story that the devour lng elemont mas menacing his homestead. Ieo imuediately peaceried' to ColIo to cnat?h the morning tiriin but just iissed it, and had to writ till the afternosn. In consequence of the oexcoptionalrun on sawn timber at the present time, thl6mills oaog the Forrest line being hardly able to meet the domano, the Rokeoood Central Gold Mining ComPany aero unat;e- to make satisfaotory arrangdmrnstsa fet the 'uantity they desired. 'F'efidera Irae con sequently been' extended unel Saturday week. Specificatins mnay be seen at the eifice 'of thad company, 31 Qdeen 'atest, Molbh'rirne, Sr h' Tir iar''ot.ide, Coule. Mdr Edward ''obin's professional visit to aoiae will terminate on Saturday. He may be consulted until then at the Victoria Hotel. MI Tobin testa sight free of charge. Bis visit to Colae has been most successful. The opening of the Colac Branch of the Australian Natives' Association is to be I celebrated by a banquet in the Oddfellows' I Hall on Thursday evening next. Invita tions have been extended to kindred socie ties and local public men, and leading re- 1 presentati5e0 from the Board of Directors will a's. be in attendance. The Colae Preserving Company will start operations on the 15th February, and will receive any quantity of rabbits and poultry. The highest prices will be given, and payments will be made punctually every week. Applications may be made for crates at any lime. The nev W. Clemens, who was ose of the most popular ministers in connection with the Bible Christian Church, will con duct the harvest festival services at the Colae Church on Sunday at three in the afternoon and seven in the evening. In teresting sermons, especially under exist ing circumstances regarding the-harvest, will be delivered, and there should be crowded congregations to hear him. We regret to learn that Mr Clemens is sojourn ing here on account of his wife's ill-health. Tbh Euros Bcon Curing Company closed up, a loes of ±300 on the work ing having been incurred. This only goes to chow that the shareholders of the Colace Company were wise in determining to com mence wth rabbits. A man named Hlugh Gibson was chageed at the Birregurra police court on Wednesday with the larceny of £1 from Henry Taylor, of Murroon, on the 11th January. Mr Superintendent Walshe prosecuted and Mr Whyte appeared for the defence. From the evidence adduced it appeared that the pair had been drinking t together at the accused's hut, and it was then that the money was removed. The Sdrf.ndant stated that when he found out what had occurred, he offered plaintiff security for the £4, but this was declined and he was arrested. Plaintis! denied that t he was drunk, and sharply replied to Mr SWhyoe's cross-examination questions. The Bench considered there was evidence for a higher court, but Mr Whyte stated that Gibson would plead technically guilty. e He was then sentenced to fourteen days in d Geelong gaol. The magistrates in attend Y ance were Messrs O. F. Aimytage and J. C. Brown. The disclo-ures made during the inquiry into the New York police scandals were d certainly unique in the history of civilisa tion. According to evidence given, the 0 Iolice appear to have parcelled Broadway n into blocks, allotting eoch block to a dif ferent thief, who, of course, paid quit rent for his distict to the police. The under st-anding was that the policeman was to be I free to arrest the thief if there was a com h plaint made by tte victim, but that so . long as no complaint were made the police y men " close the other eye," and allow the pick-pocket a free run. Mr G, f stated that there was once a fight between the thieves; that one trespassed upon the other's domain and went to a policeman e about it, and the authorities at police i head quarters threatened to send the first f thief up the river if be ever invaded the Y second thiet's privileges. A district correspondent raises a very in teri sting question when he inquires what are the rising generation of young dairy men to do for pastures when they grow up and start out in life themselves ? Dairy ing has' become the great industry of the dis rich, and gradually the greater part of the country at all suitable for the purpose is being turned into dais'y farms. .The question arises, where are farms to come from to provide means of sustenance for all the young dairymoen who are just now growing and being trained for the work ? It is an interesting one, and at once raises the suggestion that an early start should be made to secure the highest results off the smallest area of land. The cows giving the highest percentage of profit must be icept; fodders giving the highest milk and buttler results must be grown, and every art flce must be adooted to prevent waste of either land or labor. It takes time to resoh perfection in anything, and there fore an early start should be made. Mr Tom Terriss, writas a correspondent well-known to us (Daily Mail) relates a curious and inexplicable incident in con nection with the aasassination of his father, the late William Terriss. On the night of the murder Mrs Terriso was sitting in the drawing room of the cottag%, Bedford park, the late actor's home, with a per. dig-an intelligent fox-terrier called " Davie," af er Mr Terries's favorite part of Lieutenant David Kingsley in "The Harbour Lights " comfortably asleep upon her lap. Messrs William and Tom Terries, the sons, were also in the room. The clock marked 20 minutes past 7, when suddenly, without the slig',test warning, the dog leaped from Mrs l'eriss's lap and dashed frantically about the room, yelping, snapping, and showing all the signs of a psrqxyas of mingled rage and fear. The behaviour of "Davie" was so extra ordinary that it seriously upset Mrs 'Terries for the remainder of the evening It wais exactly at 20 minutes past 7 that Mr Terriss was murdered. "My brother Will and I wcze playing chess," said Mr Tom Teries, when questioned on this sub ject, "and the dog was apparsntly quietly dozing on my mother's 1 p ; and it startled us all'coassderr,bly as it bounded up and down thi rooim with gerantic snaps and snarl. Mfy mother was yery much ylarmed, and cried out, ' What doe he see p What does he see ? convinced bhat the dog's anger was directed at something unseen by uts. My brother and I soothed her as well lic we could, though ourselves considerably puzzled at the I;ebhvicr of an ordinarily quiet and well-conducted pFt. Yes, the incident occurred at the very lhour of my father's death." The mine manager of the Pentagon Mining .ompgny reports for the past week as follows ;-P?helling with two parties in payable dirt, Started lho. 2 south drive Monday week. Yield for nine days, 40 oz 1 dwt 10 gr. This is satisfactory. Aubrey Douglass, an actor, was charged al tl; . Mansfield court with stealing two horses, the liroporty of R. Nicholls, by whom he was engaged is a member of a touring company. Detective Wilson gave evidence that prisoner had told him he was travelling with a troupe from Janmieson and Wood's Point to Mansfield. whpn the conveyance broke down about 4 miles from Jamiegon, and they had to pro ceed on foot to Ma- nsfield.' They played in Mansfield, but the takings did not cover the rent of the hall, and the company was literally stranded' and in debt to the hotlas. He sold the horses and harness for 411, with which he paid the debts of the ionmpany, four train fares to Melbourne, and left £1 witth those of the troupe who remained in Mansfield. Other evidence was given, and the bench found that accus;er had only done what any of them might have dote ii placed in the same nosition, viz., sold the property 'o pay the dehts of the'company. Accused was there fore disclorged. The annual meeting of ltip Colae Free Library will be held in the ipstitute this evening at eight o'clock. The reception of the balance sheet and ' the election of oflicers for the ensuing year will be the principal business transacted. Mr Wilson-Barrett, the great actor, de fending the stage its a prdfession for wthien, ofid that " ever,, attractive wosan "s subjc't to to etemtaitio?i thsteie'her sphere 'in life may 'be--thoe espeoialli those who have to iork for their living, aithotth the D.vorce Court records prove tha the progeny of. even first-class Earls whto k1 'p their Carriages, are quite asno prone to tumblo before toihptation"s'i any othip cdass of women. Are there no'temp'ations fo fanmily governessea, nurses, companions, fema!e doctors, artists, shop girls, bar noids, servants ? A good woman on the st?ae in a well-conducted theatre is in no more danger than a good woman any where else. Theroe ae oyemen inr women -actres?'? and ,ictresses. 'This world 'is made up of contrasts. If there are some ealous women n on the stage, there are loany who are honest and true, f co- very often-ihe sOle support of aged or iun apacit 'ted parents, and are as good as any odmen livingF, The staiistic7 of thb chimi nal courts prove thba, as a 6ody, actorh'so insularly free from, crime, and it is ad witted that they p?n-os in an exceptional degres that charity whihs coen a multi .a sists 