MORE _USH FIRES. The return of the hot weather has brought with it another visitation of; bushfires, reports of these coming fromt all parts of the colony, but especially from the Gippsland and Western dis tricts The township of Drouin was seri ously menaced on Friday.. .evening, buteventnally the fightbof the towns people with the fires was rewarded with victory ,. t and about Yarram the fires have .been verjj bad ; home steads, bahtns,'crops, grass, and miles of fencing have been destroyed. A marvellous escape occurred at North Devon; wheretthe fire swept tie hold: ing of Mr. George Harrison without any wariiing.fi Mlr.Harrison'sc wife was in blied in ai weak state throutgh recent confinement. Her hushiisbai, who' was -working) ioutside, suddenly saw the house on tire. He rushed in .and dragged his terrified, wife 'out through the fl~mes. The tire in the meaniwhile had swept the whole of his paddocks, cowshed and building, crops and harn, cuntaininil produce put in only i the day before. Harrison" aid his- wife escaped, but his whole pl:i perty was consumed, and thee cows were killed by falling trees. At h?iondarri, near Walhalla, ths struggle has been severe, the residents having had pno, rest for four nights fighting the flames. A family namned -Morrisorr had ai wonderful escape from their burping house. The children had to be wrapped in wet sacks, and those who bore them safely through the flames had to he drenched, with water before attempting it. The coaches have been running at great risk from the falling timber. The latest reports from Gippsland show tiat bush fires are still causing an immense amount of damage. Jum bunna isiu danger of total destruction. Several houses have already been bubnr1out and there is inow only. one water t ink, aivailable Outtriin is also in great danger. At Poowoona many of the settlers had a hard fight for their 'hdomes. 31Mr. Trivin, the manager of the local butter, factory, when driviijgwas atttacked branl over head iuiAtrmtg tree. The iehicle stuck, and thluee ladies had a very narrow escape. The flames were so close that a baby's bonnet caught fire. SAn oldl settler, known ais Bill Johln son, a typical busliman, had i remark able experience on Tuesday. His hut is built on the side of, a creek, in the very heart of the raging fire behind Walkden's. The roaring furnace s'wpt lik&! a whirlwind, and he was quickl?surrounded by flames. Re im mediately dashed into the creek, but even there hd was threatened with de struction, for the tall -trees - toppled over in every direction, and huge burning limbs were constantly falling about him. He fully expected to be roasted to death,, and it is almost a miracle that he escaped alive. At South Warragul much damage hasJbeenl tlone, several. additional homesei-ds have been destroyed. At Callignee, Leongiiita, Airboo North, and Narre Warren disasi-ous conflagirations have occurred. At Dromiana 2?3 bullocks and 100 sheep' ' ere riasted alive. The outbreak in the Cobden district is thus praphically described :-The most disastrous bush fire that has oc.. curred for many years commentced on Saturday and edontinded all day on Sunday.. 5The damage. done cannot yet be Froperly estimated, owing to the large traclkof country over which ithetflaniestriavelled, destroying. thous ands of acres of grass, miles of fencing, and -several dwelling houses., 'The fire swept over Ewan's Hill towards Naroghid, about 4 miles from Cobden, destiro6ing the Naroghid hall, which containeda paino and a large nuinber of books.; also the' dwelling lio6se of Mr. Pyers. The flames bravelled with alarmiing rapidity towards the u6nship, burning the fencing antd girass;intr. J. Thornton's paddocks, :Mr. Nas't, Mr. D Owin, 'lr. W.iDur h id ea!ndi ithers having miraeulous escapes fiomloasing thlei, hoinesteads. E?very man.in the township turned out and rendered sasistance, fighting against terrible odds, as the wind .sirk -blowing.very strongly. The fire ap .proached to within a' few hundred yards of the town buriting right up to the Railway station, and the gate house, a little way off, was surrounded with lfire ;The roar of the flames re sembled dals of thunder as the gigan :tio fesmates and gum were seized by the devouri;ig element.l At the butter factoryla large number of, uen were stationed in readiiess to combat the enemy, but fortunately the, f'irewas ,extinguished before it reached the :-buiilding. For miles around there is not s blade of grass, and dozens·of farmers are. heavy losers. Stacks of hay, containing somi tons.in many in-. stances, adhd outhouses, were .huritth the score,. and in several caes the furniture had to be removed -ito places of safety. : . ' . F:: romni : the COamperdoayn .di : trict, : where a greflit fire has been,.' ati'n ?fO r days, appalling news of losof.'opro party. homesteads, hay, fences, grass, -eta,-eomes -- -, . - --.--.. . - -.. At Cobrico, in the Terang district, 500 sheep were roasted alive. The township of Panmure, near Warrnambool, was at one time threatened,, but was ultimately saved. The bush fires burning in Gippsland and the Western District caused a dense haze at sea along the line of the coast as well as on the Bay, and this seriously interfered with uavigation, which was only conducted at great peril, except when the utmost care was exercised. Several of the vessels which arrived during M1onlday, including mail steamers, were dielayed in arriving owing to this cause. 