THE BUSH FIRES. KEEN DISTRESS AT THORPDALE. SETTLERS HOMELESS AND FOODLESS. NO FEED FOR STOCK. MR. FOSTER ON THE SCENE. TOUCHING INCIDENTS OF THE DISASTER. (FROM OUR SPECIAL REPORTER). THORPDALE, Sunday. Now that the (ire lins burned itself out in tins district, people aie beginning to uudcisttnd the temblc nalluc of the de vastatiou, mel the ivvftil hudship which the sufferers hnve lo fnee On evei) hnnd there is nothing but Hack linn, gum and hopeless V month igo thcie was no moie pionpcious and contented dni)tug district in "Nictoin to dav thcie is nothing but vv nil md misci) 1 xceptmg for the tall, gaunt tieestalls, charted from root to ciovvn the face of the coonil i for miles uomul his been swept so clean that one vv nulli think it blade of grass lind never gun n on it Of the homesteads onlv the chmincvs leiiuun lile tombstones in a ceineteiv llcie and lb .re Ile the fiiz.led np bodies of once valuable stock-cows, pie.'? and poultM-and now and then as von cinter thtough the soot) desolation vou come across n large, evil smelling cinder, fiom vfliich the mole sensitive turn awnv in loathing Tt is nil thal lenmins of some once serviceable horse At one homestead mai be seen all that is left of a hotse and di iv .lie pool beast had been voked up to assist in the fainilv flight when the fire caine but nil loo Inte As the heat caine down upon it it lind jumped forward into the fence to which it was secured, and there it was held fust till its life was i ousted out, lil e a N ictim nt the stake So gicut was the bent that nil that is left of the dra) is the tites and the bolts which held it together At another place a poor collie dog was left on the chain, having been foi gotten bv the fnnnlv in its flight and when I passed that win what was left of the faithful cica tuto was baiclv sufhcient to indicate ita bleed The chain held it fast to the end Pigs weic found huddled close together, and in one spot the remains of five cows hi) in a lie ip Bandicoots and wallabi s bv the do.cn sttevv the ground Even for them the lire hid been too cpuel laige snakes were found done hi e n dinnci ' to use the homelv cxpiosstve pin isc of a resident, and bete no s)mptlhv need be wasted A pu./ling circumstance is tint bcie and thcie, in the vci) midst of the wilderness, near wbeie some homestead once stood, a few head of living cattle mc come ncioss, secnnngl) little the worse foi the ordeal Huotigb which thev mvntenoiml) pnsscd How did they escape' No one seems to know I saw n poor old liol se with the saddle turned light under lum-a sure in dientton of a piolongcd effort to free lum self No wondei he had bucked and kiel ed His inil was singed to the stump, his mane was but a memorv and along the side a tongue of flame had swept, and shaved lum like ns with a iu_oi To ndd to the horrois of the week that is ovei are the dnngeis and picdtcamciits of the piescnt 'We have to be careful m moving about" said ni) guide, ns wo stumbled nlong thronc,h tins foi est of death U the moment I scaice nndcistood the dint of his lemiuk, but befoie man) void, had been covered we were fotced to icin up in the p.e^enco of a daniel that was almost as ten ible as the fire itself A huge, bliekened tt cost til that ian up into the veiv clouds, it seemed, swaved ni the brec/e, then, snapping near the base, xvath a icport lil e the buistmg of a mine, carno dow n vv lth a clap of thunder, bringing seveid of its fellows with it Even oui horses shook in alarm and wanted to be off lite grit of the men nnd women who vvoik m these surrotindings stns the ad- miration and all tv s the pitv Hie) want no pit) Jhcv seem bl c people ultu eel to disaster, for nothing daunts them When I visited Air A Bi)an s homestead-or the rums oi it-on Thiusda), I found the pluck) fellow erecting n tent on Uno verv site of his previous home, ns if about to lieijin where he left off This is the mau who thanked God that one good milch cow wies left lum, but next moment a tree fell on it and brol e its back befóle lus eves His biolhei, Air AN Ria nu, was out see- ing if nni of Ins stock still lived, Hint he, too, mic,ht begin "gun, and m Ins absence! I snw his wife a )onng woman of l8, who had talen shcltei with bei mol lie i . month ago she vv is a bude, and hci bus baud had just lettuned fiom Coolgirdie, wheic, li) lund vvoil, he bul sued stilh cient to f,ct in utied on J hen little home wits comf ulai lv furnished mid then faun nietlv stocl ed but all that they vvcie able to cam oil with them vv is the clothes thev stool up in Snell pathetic incidents aie met with by scoie On the liol we sivv au inveilcd (lilli in which nil the bel 1111,1111,n of one .mini) wen pic! c1 1 wo half nul cd cliil dren tilmo-I 1 lui 1 fiom the effects of the ninnie sit ni (he midst of the eli ittels and au n^id hume diew the lot sled) e fashion, towal ds the township In one holme I visited, thcie weic tvv 1 fuinlicn One be longed to the li uisc ami Hie olhei vveio fugitives Jhcv vvcie ncie.hb(iuis, it seems, but fen 1(1 venn hld not sp ii eil to one nuntin 1 owing lo MUK ililli 1 euee ibotit it fence winch ( ulm d ii tvv suit nml bio-cM 1 nop of ti nublen v\ hen Uto dtsastei came and the "Nleint tt,uen vveio di tv cn to tin tied foi slidtei, with no thing left thcin but then lum the Capo lets found tltciti oui und lu «ugh. llieni home with them In unothci house tho enemies of a lifetime vvcie totted toe,ethei lo ii«,ht foi then lui . that then enmit) l8 de id now can seucelv be doubted lill 1 Ml M 01 lill. LOSS AMI M ASSISI WC I JS \\\ \\\ri_0 NI UiL\ 200 SL I 1 1 111 RS Pi an ti lol in ttlegi q lung it vi is made to apptai m IhcAliUs nt sutuuli) tint Ultu win onli 50 lionitless sulkius by the eoullngiatiou in tin Iboipdalt disintt I atest nu nuits git tin mimbil ns not hu shoit of 200 J hut au oin 50 home sltads lost and as almost all Hit scttltrs had tannins nu in II igt ot foin to mell household is not too high I hi tents suit up by Hit Goiinmunt au bung usul, but without binni its and loud tin statt ot the pool pi ipil is leo dts| unit len ninds Iho Munster of Mints (Ali löstet), ne toinpamtd by lil J lumms, the stcviaid of the ullage settlements, annul in Ihoip dall on Salm ibu at midday, mid spent tho iiftiuioim usifiug the iums i litsid bl tho fins Ile exincssed hnnsilt gi tully mond ullin lu bait sun Hit nniiitnsc ihiniago dont Jin wondci was that no lues neu lost In the evening a public meeting m tin Mechanics Institute was largely at tended Hie Mnusttr tiiattd a Inminable unpitssioii by the thoionghl) prattnal minimi ni which he giaspul tin situation lit was mosl sympathetic, nnd apiiointid n local coumiilttt, tousistuig of Coiiiitdlai Cusp, tin Hu AL CON (tho dun iii of Liigliiud tuiiiistei), nnd Jil btcmut (tho stationmastci., to ait on behalf of the Uo lerniiicnl m dispensing ossi.lance to the diffticiit fannhis Hu Minulci pionusul tp mile ii i aiiDtments to hint the cittlc of the blunt out scttluis gi ued ou the Aloe bnnuij), and also to assist the shut' cnimcil to get n ire netting for fenc mg on the s une tenus ns nppl) to the noilimn dibtncts and also to haie seed gi ass distubutid Councillor Crisp, on behilf of the blurt council, put in an appin ition for a spécial (riant fiom the Goicnunint to cnibli the shne to clear tin louis, ii luth nie blotl til foi 20 miles in the 1 liol pilule distill., und to up in tin coi dm oi, the cull cits ami the bridges lu opplioition has been mnde for £_o0 the luofold object being to find noil, lor id hge settleis und olhii diservmg eines of (hatreds and to assist Hit shire, windi is non bulli ¡.ling Mi Ioslti snid that the Government would tal i the ullage settleis out of the hinds of the local commitlu, and would dill with them hbeiilli under the A illigo Stttlimcnts lit Ile utuined to Moe pu special linn this afternoon Mr 1 obtci w ib Bil] plied w ith the follow mg list of suffcieis, vi hull, hoy evci, is by no mean, complete - ii lill)re-House everithlug gone pig roíste 1 li Ilonld-J virjllibif, I,OIIL stor mist 1 11 isctnnn (I irgi }oung, lamil))- I vcr)tlnni, lost one box snved Howard (v ting faiuili)-Lyon thing gone 1 love-AU lost lohn I lovtl-All lost Mccli mes Institute-Lost Stranger- Onl) littlo betiding and furniture EUI ed Potch-Onl) littlo clot! ¡ng saved naii-ford-Onl) ilullnng .neal Arthur (lone f mill))-Onlj clothing say ed A Guim-I ier)tliliit. tone llurri)- little fiiiuitun .mci] Crisp-Lvcr)thlng gone orcjinrd roasted Bindle) (hugo Iinill))- 1 vcr)ll ing gone In) lo I i cn Ililli), gone iilgner-Licr)tliiii|, tone Albrlcht-I icr)thing gone, child Halting (or burial burned in house i aller-1 len thine- gone notes £5 burned l'l-att-Clodes I nine 1 llnltlie-1 nothing gone De Mullicr-llousi .neil lidding anil clothing put down well anti I iirnetl time M In-) in-I vcrjtlihg gone A Ilrynn-1 icr)thn i 1,011 D Gunn ()oung cliil Iren)-Fvorvthlntr gone nut even clothing for tlulilun ] i"s ni 1 cattle routed G N linio (hirgi ( mily)-Lvir)thing gone mob milch cows roíste 1 in hut Pakenham (large .amil))-Lv or) tiling gone milch cows roasted llrocks-I vervthlng gone niilcli cona roi.ted I hing-Lverytl li g gone Herl ert-Hou«c bayed cierjtliiiü. Use go» II It Natib-liouis. saved, ti ir) ttiint, ei_u gone 160 tons hu) gone A llroun-Pi erv thing gone {sampson-House saved, evirytltltig ilsc gone ( Hall-House (.one -Vnrracnii parK-I onces and grass burned !\ ad loll-1 enees ond grass I urncil I anitt-I mees und glass burned Tillitsons-1 enees and gross burned, hay and .lied lloal-Bullocks roasted ltcv nolils-1 enees grass ho) ind sheds gone llotarts-I unes (.ross hi) and bli Is som Ililli-boved housi lost fuinlttlre mil bidding »minson-Sivad hourn lo.t iveyihing ihn Itatilllrc-House onl) sived In addition to food and tlotlung tools are xnnted to <nable the men to rebuild thin homes mid to leticit linn fentes Peí Imps tin most ni gmt want ia some pi o vision for tile looditsb cattle that au walk ing about ACCOUNTS FPeOM OUR CORRE SIONDENTS. AROUND AVARRAGUL PIRE STILL SPREADING THE WIND PEEDS THE FLAMES A TRAMWAY DESTROYED WARRAGUL Siturda) Tho fires continue to spread thioughout he distnct nnd the grnvtat ansäet) still 'xista amongst Hie fin ming tonimumt} I he Heather duung the nioimng was calm mid .onl, but tonaids r> o clock n strong brce/e sprang iqi fiom the west, and fauued the Eiiiouldoi mg imbirs into Humes Hit whole lountry around îmmcdintili becinic obscuied b) n githtnng haze of smoke, and gue use to the len natuial tcir Hut the destiuctiic couisc of the lins would be extended to furthii nimming pi opoi tunis Gangs of men hine been 1 ipi inci_*intl) uii'iigcd in battling with tin Ihines, and b) almost supei luiinaii effoits stieuil propel tus htiie bien bnicd fiom limuintnt dc rucliou J he lue ni the Horn Aisla Cblilu-the propel ty of Mr 1 H Guest, of Aid bonnie-has eaten its way to neighbouring .elections, and a continuance of the high sind must mcvitnbly lesiilt in additional Instruction of buildings and crops As it s, Ali \ P S \\\ nglit, who resides in his locality, his It st his outbuildings, a _oilion of his oat nop, and n lot of giuss sud it was only bl Illunie e-itrtions on tin pall of a sioto of nor! ei- tint the laiuttble and ntl! appointai homestead of Air A \\. Harne was saved fiom uttci distinction Hu fue thon biircid m the (brutton ot Mi A A\' Reads faun and vv oui was bent into W'aungul Appealing tor lui tim as sis tame to cope with tho impending d nigel About a Mine of lesideuls lc-pondtu to the tall, and with tin ml of boughs ol ttees bucucded in liepuq the flinns m ohetk Mr W M itihctt lutdici, was less fortunate Ho had i spltndid non of oils, windi gave the almost phenomenal ii tiun of tlnci tom to tin neu, and lind thctn stacked m tin piddodt riiadv foi tliiaslung A spink from Un ad) Hint tut, tamed a long distance h) tin n mil, is sup posed to bau lodged on oin of tilt st lilts ivhich quill li buist into flame and nas speedily îeduccd to ashes Hie stick con tamed ubout JO tins, ivoith 13 a ton at pubcnt mallet latís It was, bon tv cr, pnitiall) íiiBiiie I In the neighbotiibood of Giiinsboroiigh the lue is ulno doing serions dninic,c, and has abend« destroved let vein 20 nnd 30 chains of tW iron tininvv i) which belongs to Messrs Ciople) Biothcin nnd which connects with Hie main -uppshnd line ut Darnum Hie ti am is used foi eonve)iug timber from lite saw mill to the railvvnv and lins been brought under the notice of the Rnilwiivs Minding Committic as mi obicct lesson, llbinttating the usefulness of lins means of ti msit in opening up Hie lullV ]uuts of ( tppsland lor the (Its tnnce indicated the iron rails hnve been cither snapped asunder or tvv tsttd into cc tcntiio shapes bv the huge binning tictn that have filien amiss them and smashed to -plintits tilt sleepers and othei wood worl used in the const UK Linn of tin triini 'Hie tiees h nu' ncioss it in ii bin. nig mass it is impossible to rcpnit it, nnd conse quentlv ill triffic is stop eel, nnd woil it the null is nt n st ndnlill Mt 1 (IKId Croplcv mid Air M I Mills hnve lost nil their ciop mid fineing and other settlers m tin» lneahtv an also licivv loséis At Blooinhcld "NoiHi the Ino lins railed with (,1-it neventv Mr I Mhudi bus been bullit out losing Ins house nml nil Ins furintllic and sevetal of hu iieic,libnuirt had Hull dwellings ignited nnd their imp. le pentctllv Uiiintcntd with ilcntruttion Hie din min of the ihm ttiRi_eel in tlcaimg Hie mud- in this loinhlv hnvi hail to tense optintionson nu omit of the exe essivc lit tt and Uti duiie,oi of iiijur« from filling limbs , which ovuhunc, the ronds hie lcdhol stuals of lue It is ov ali ni tluil the ie poitn to hand bv no nie ins i pu sent the | extent of tht d mint e done mid Hill ni Hu loinoter loenlilies the lue hi nil is woil nig serious mischief, to be lev caled as tnui god I on Sund iv The prediction ixptcsncd in last nifjit .1 nicsHiiKi Hint when the full lcpotts ate ii cuvcl fi mi the outlvini! tln-tiiel« or tin dum ige done bv the» lui i the pi clent cnli mate ot the lons stiHlauiid will bo gtnttl) UKicnscd, is being ape dil) viulieil A cot impolitic lit on the spot foivvnicls the uifoi liintion Hint in Hu lemnU legion of lim ?hilo mid niljin i lit I ahiles on Hit Ml. let Id Rani in nmeh ilaiinii,» linn been done to fencing, nml Intro ipinntitieH of gi ma nut] to ass seed consumed Among tin thief sulfiléis ale -.lennis Tohnstoii f.itf htlii- dollin Mt li mm M'Ken/le 1 diiat, I'eikms, mil lloo(lilic,ht Ml M Iven/ie ni mo le Hine. _.(l worth of pi ass »cul lu nil dillon to nil his foiiting and house whilst Ah ( lonnv s lo. i mcbidiil a line puddoik of oats Hie coi impendent adds -We have never seen um thing like It before It linn burnt the st Hiding green set lib clean out and the land IN now rendy far glass " 1 oituiinttlv, the wind Unit uptnug up hist -vening Hillside) timing the night and to dnv it lins bun cibn mid cool Hie liri H ure coiiseipicnllv dung down, and unless it nets in hot ii,aiii soon the tlangei is pi ie thallv ovei lu stveinl families foi the Hist limn foi a wal tho mi niblin met tOMthti at ¡IICIIIH tothiN, which inilicntiä that tho position has been gieiitl) modi lied Iii potts nceivcd fiom Nccum to da) show that unless the wind chune/n ta the north the wot st is over in that loeitlilv also 'Hie lilt is still bung blown noilhiutids to winds Hu Raws Um», and consequently a Siente i neusa of HI eui ¡tv in being cxpcn .need by tho utiidcnt. of Neerim South. DAMAGE _v_.uT-lt7.RALaON A RELIEF MOVEMENT 1 RAR ALDON, Sunday 'Iho (lies arc confined to Hie rimgc- In thin district, und no fin us li nalgón itself is concerned it has vvonuoifully escaped, Uwugh It m «uuouuded bj fiicn Iho ptiu« i tipil conliogiitions are non at the lycra noith side and the Litia.be Rim, ivheie settltia ne still liming an inxiou. nnd bus) j Unit in limiting the scope of the tonfiigi i tioiis mel stiin0 then pioputns A nbolo leinster of finns li is bien devastated, ind le »st« fiom the burning of crop pisturc. fuites nul buildm0s hive betu ni} lunn, and lull til e )cu . to leioiei l.ie settlers at Iiinhjin South, hit miles fiom the township, hue succeeded in koeptug the hits to the nest bide ot the trick, but on tint s-Ie, nght bick into dcciuhng Ringes Un iv hole i iiintiy has been swept of gi iss finnn^ mid pi opci t) V big me is still but nilli' on Callignee Hills, the holdings of Ali \V 1 iiinci lil lui Ali Wolfe, and others hay in sulftud nenvilv the indi utlti d losses m some i iscs limiting into bun di eds i fp ninds Hit lovvn hip of Gonn in dilc, it the foot of the Cm .jim.' Rin0c_i, hid a uni reny etc ipe of binnu., the fate of Inoipdale and Neciuu, but tlio euoiU of the icsidenls, nidoai bl the open charaetti of tlie count!), melted a guuei loss thin tint nh. h has otcmitd in the 'neilin,, of 6cv tral '101111" A mov i mint lol the ithtf of the sii-.u-cis gcnci dlv has been K1 nlal m J in ali on Lubes will hold a meeting to motion tvtiimg ti urinée foi piovision 1 of ilothing foi Hit homeless Hld destitute it I J hoi juhle and eisen hen in a cinnss mil be undo foi sill scnptions It is niobnbli tint the pi cuiden t of Hit blme nil ho u quiSLtionedto at once cony cue i public meet ing to i ne help on i stile comiuciisuii.'c with the gkjant-c natuie of the tell, ti optic a HE DESTRUCTION AT JINDIVICK DROUIN, Pi nh) \ nile through Hie fire swept firms of Jindivick mtioduees one to i lint ts, indeed, n picture of linn mel desol ition In el en case, the lesnlts of min! icirs Bnings mil Inborn nie gone and It will til e the unfoi limite fumets mrs to leeoicr fiom their losses The eise of Rae Hros, nho hive leiscd a proper!) on ned by Alis Rurton, is puticnhil) hind Hit) hue been lighting the lut for tin LO ned s 'J hue tunes a fa i oin illili wind biou"lit the hie on to their failli, and twice it n is beaten bick, nfttr doing lonsulinblc damage, hut the third time, on \\\ ednescii), it n oui 1 not he dented, lind swept ort the housi ind buildings Hit msiinnic on the house hid only iccciitli lipsed Mi 1'etsclnck, an nged pioneer set tin, and an ix president of Hie shut, ebti mitts his lotses at not less thin I2o0 In all his life, he sa) s he neier I nil suth an infill expenmee ns on \\\ edncs hi) last It is nlnin.t bein trending lo seo tin ni otk on tin once juett) homes!, id of Mi C 1 '?me Jheie is nothing left lint Hu clinircd remains nf the turniturc and Unsted ironnoi! Ile hud not time to save his nip rs 'mil tho I oo s in connection with the loi ii Mechnmis institute md the Odd fêlions' lodge nie ill consumed lhere is tin unsted pig still lying m the leninint of the sty Nothing appen s lo line been sued, and the clTects of the leichcr of the loeil st ite school and another lui) usitoi, were consumed with the rest mil it is pio liable tint Alis bi}ce would hue ph ind 1 similar file had she not boen lesti lined fiom en'ermg ijie bh/ n-- builtbi g S veri! of the suffcreis were assisting Mi Clone to Mio his ci op, little dunning that their own propel ties would be ntl iel ed \\\ hen it was known that the fire bid talen Mr Si)ces nlice a fteling a) in to diapur ian through the stttleis, who hld 1 no1 ed upon this pliee ns quite e.nfe, owing to the hugo txtent of cleiud land \t another point, neal the farm of Mr C Al ison, nhert the) had been lighting the fire they neu in utter ignonnco of what was tinnspiring hilf i mile aw a) and thiee times tiled to pet tlnoiigh Indeed, lliey felt tint their hies wen m dunga, is nell as thtii properly Satin day The msurince. mo uri shaht SIILCS house lins nnureil but nothing more Nutliir Crotvi Cottim liios, noi Robin son nue insult 1 1 lie deni timbci is un doiibtcdl) mon dingeious thnn the di) gi iss or scuib md it is sui prising to note tint ni one eise, wbeio Un llames tnicllod fiom tice to tiee, grass bclon is untouched A vi-itoi, nho hid come up to Alt Clowe s foi n lit ti« shooting, lost Ins clothing, six 11 notes, md i gun in tile hie Owiug to the wind suddenly shifting fiom noith vvesf I lo south west Un lut doubled bick, undi coioied in nui foin miles wide lins iftcinooii then ins i Urge fire in green scrub tv Inch thteatened the films of C Al ison, \\\ elland f Al i on lullte n mel othus, ind it ia coiisidued that if the lire I enteis a belt of deni timber but a qunter I of i milo dist mt thi.t piopeities will be' in muiimiiit peni, ai 1 those lesiding in, tho uuiiity mo untinnllv in constant dread I he picariingcd signal nas lu ed this nf in noon, and borne !0 helpers collected \y hen ill danger is passed it is pioposcd to form i hrgc worl ing lice, and leplace ns much of the fencing ns possible in ordei to picsene the little gnsb and crop left Airs Si)eo is still m a pt tenuous state of In dth ni conséquence ot the shock she nun til at witnessing the destiuction of bei hume _ THE DESTRUCTION OF NEERIM NORTH. HAIR BREADTH ESCAPES. ONLY A FOWLHOUSE LEFT. NEERIM SOUTH, Friday. The destruction of Neerim North is com- plete. The whole township went simul- taneously, and so quickly that nothing was saved, consequently the residents possess nothing but what they stand in. A little daughter of Mr Barr's was almost suffo- cated with smoke, and for some time it was feared she would succumb. Fortunately she recovered. The heat was terrific, and sheets of flame shot up two chains long, the colour of an electric light, when the town- ship was ablaze. All that is left of a pretty little township is a fowlhouse. Messrs. John Hopkins, sen. and jun., had all their grass and fences destroyed. Mr. Dowey, grass and fences; Messrs. Saven Bros., fences, grass and crop; Mr Laid- law, grass and fences; Mr. C. Connell, five acres of crop, grass and fencing; Mr. A. Wilson, fences and grass; Mr. E. English, 200 acres of grass, and all his fences; Mr. J. English, J.P., grass and fencing; Messrs. Hogan bros., 10 miles fencing, 800 acres grass, machinery shed, with machinery valued at £200, also disc harrows, thrash- ing machine, and pigsty. They estimate their losses at £1500, besides the inconveni- ence they will be put to in getting grass for their stock. It is marvellous how their homestead and Mr. E. English's were saved; the fire at times within a yard of them. Mr. Barr, a sufferer from fire three weeks ago, then having his grass and fencing burnt, suffered again, now having his creamery and separator burnt. At Neerim East another fire was doing its destructive work. Mrs. Murphy, a widow, had her house, grass and fences de- stroued. Messrs. M'Kernan, Wilson, Atche- son, Sawyer, and others have grass and fences burnt. Mrs. Apted has considerable damage done to her place, and the fire is still burning there. An Indian hawker who was in the dis- trict got his bundle alight by a spark as he was walking along. Instantly it flamed up about his head. The Indian, scared, threw it down and ran for his life. The sight about Neerim North is a pitiful one. It is thought that 200 miles of fenc- is destroyed, and the farmers know not what to do with their cattle, as all their grass is burnt. From Jindivick, six miles from Neerim South, sad tales come. At the time of writing 12 families are rendered homeless, and the fire is stll raging. On Wednesday many people thought the end of the world had come. From 1 p.m. to 3:30 p.m. the smoke darkened the sky, and people in Neerim South had to light their lamps. For two weeks now we have been enveloped in dense smoke, which is very trying to the eyes. j .KING ri.rucir IN CHEEKS A AILLVGE SE I ILTMTNI SWEI'l AWAY cí-Tü-i-iss, rhuisdii) lor tho punt wuk theio have boen tei nillo lues 1 igutg all tliiough tins distnet foi miles, t,tcut damage liming been the lesult Within tinco or four miles of Childers twelve or moto pooplo have been blunt out lu fact, it is 11 taro Hist uno to seo n hoiiso which lina been wived The following is 11 lint of the Iiomcliss ones ? Ml Pal .ubini) nnd famil), Mis (.eoigo Mu)o nuil fiinnh, who wen onlv nblo to wno then bus bv gelling into erimia ol miming wntci, with show cm of coala bung thiovvn all over thurn ft uni tho Htandiiig Umbu, Mi lliown and ttinuly liavu bien lendeicd bouilliHH, without saving mi) thing, MCSSIH M nnd A Hi v an vv ne (tim (ilctul) blunt out, Alissis 1) and A Guim lust isiiipid with their lives, Ml CimpB hourn with almost all it contained, wits comphtilv dcstro)cd, and all his out outbuildings, finit rooms, liny sheds mill mg sheds, ncp inttor room, lim implements, and all hi- grim. Mi litadle) also lost eveiything i ha whole) villngo ac.tlomont, vvitli the exception of one house (Mt Hint man), was completely an opt away It is ulna feared thal tho cutlio snttlo ment lound and about Ihoriidale booth han been complete!) d.moli-h.u, It ctuiuot Ins )et be definitely stated to what extent the damage has cone A gie it mimbil of milch cows and liullocl s munt of a neces -it) have petmhed ni tho ino, und, taking the distill t, all lluough, thcte will be ii vci) small acieage of grass left \ cr) painful experiences have been gone tluotigh in connection with the lue some pci.ons having to be tuned avviiv in an uncon eious condition, cotnplctelv done up with lighting i ie llames In one ease one voiing fellow, who stn)ed as long as was at all safe waa at last forced to run for Ins life willi a wet sicl wi ippcd lound linn He carnet! a loaded icvolvei with linn, so lint in the event of being hemmed in he could put a speedy end to Ins snflci mgs lhere is a cool change at present but if there Is no min shortlv the homes- tends which aro still uitiiet will also bu swept aw a) LAKES LMR-NCE IN DANCER R -IN TALLIN (., CUNNINGH -AIE, Wedncsdiiv A bush in« thal commenced at Min inga Cieel, three miles west of Cunii- iidiuno, eulminntcd to du) In the most di-iislrous outbicik with which this place his cvet been visited Aided by a stiong south went wind, the Hie swept past LHighton s Hotel, which foi a time was seriously threatened, on thiongli the holdings ot «essrs lillie, Rowe, Main, Shepheid, and Innen Mr Innes waa nu a), and lus house and fuuii tme wore cntuelv destio)ed, Mm Innes abandoning the place, and socking refuge for bei fiiinih at a ne tjibptu a l.oin hcio it mossed the Su ni Reach load and dcvastited the selections of Alesni. \\\ il.on, Huntci, Dobson, und Al Culloch Vi ilsou most un AeUi-hl) left his own place to help to sue Hie homes ol lus neighbours, md sullcied Hie most bei ions lons of stocl, foul of his cow- uni one horse bein/, luint, und two othei hoisen being tlicieitiillv uijuicd -N tue Ulmes 1 ealing _eimm"s Point t iniis-s of Hame , the bro was dclleettcl northwaitl fi.m O minn;., i n io h) the north nan of Like Kui', nnd continued tin de.tiucti.ve couise umiaid to within halt a mile of Ho nil in_lii s (Mciin_l nu house) Hie looloo um of I t! e liom Ihen cncil ed Us omtwiud piogi inn Unloitunuleiv when word ii cn .non ht into Citii!uii"hune tint help w is wanted u Intuiiv s l'oint most of the lebe! men wet., outside the 1 ntl ince it work I lull licmg plcntilul all (lav I and muiy of the townspeople vvcie at the Ln ti ance iel tv, the Lach Loch hiving ju^t tnehoted willun lue Lull mee N\ lien Hie news stire id, lion tv ti, i mtntbci went to lender help but could do little tie mist the strong wind blow in' Ciinninghiutio waa ncvci in dingen, thoirdi the II unen cxtciiilcel lo the edge ol the noith pim, which hounds the bonn on the noith went Hie countr. tovvnids Swan Keach foi font miles presents n most tlcsolite iippeirinte, mid is din geious ti travel on though Hie Banned ile mailman ( 1 unen 1 ole)) pluekil) bl .light the m ni through Inter, 11 o dod A\ oi«1 was In-night m bv a wanui man nuned Duncan M Cole who carne from Oi bont lesttitliv that the couutiv lctween Oihost mid Lil e I)ers is on lue foi miles the file extending to within six ni.es of Cunninghame R uti is now filling i heavx dovvnpoiii, lu di tippo utilice, beug until ncnt DAIRY TARMrRS SELLING IT.LIR COWS I KORUMBURRA, 1'udnj | 'Hie information to hand regaidmg the bush lues which have been i tc,mg I in the distnct for the past week show that the finntrs hive luitl I i mont nn_ious tune of it \roimd about Silkstone a tuat quantit) of grass nnd h iv has been burned In the eise ot i number of villigc settlers, the) have lost a good dcil of their cioii and lenciiu, A gudcnei namoi! Blow nue lind cvciv thing consumed but his house, lind in endeavuur ing to sue it he iiilFered sevoielv fiom the Mtiol e, mid is it lie-tut complcteh blind Ali 11 I eeles, nt v\ httehw had about C25 worth of glass seed dc«tio)C(h n lot ol grass md miles of fencing Air» ivens los' all her grass seed, eiop, and fencing while the fencing lound the Koriimbuira Reservón in neath ill burned At 1 iiubnnk AICHSU AI Ninißh-on, I unan, und .nicholson have lost henvil), vvhih II number of fill mein at Strezlecki have lost near!) eveijtlinirr but then (inclbngliouots lind cattle At All watta AlchSis lincoln, Btv don, long, uni Tidge have lost ntailv tvotv thine, the filsl named onlv Iiavmit saved his li ni o At Kmevvak Alexis II mil W Rainbow and C Pu nona have lost i t,cit quintil) ol glass I At the month!) cattle marl et, held to da), most of the stock foi wai el wcie thiiv cows owned bv selcctois who have lost then glass 'Hie dur)tug industr) in this elis tritt will leceivo ti ti entendons blow, on ne count of the Hctireit) of glass r__inn_n DI S. RLCIION _r 10S11IÎ losrri!, rtitiav 'Hie battle with the (Iunes still continues with trim and painful peisistencv Hie latest cihnutv is the total destruction oi tlic dwelbiighou'e ile, of Air Louis Mil li imson of Deep Cieek, neir I ostci Hie furniture wa» lcinoved list tvenng in an titipation, and Mt«, M ilhunsnn and the «.hilelicn weit tent to lester, leaving the nidi to bittli with tho thieatctiiug men around All ni, lit and da) the illoils can tinned but without ni ti', and the buildini s an now n miss of i lunn 'Iheorchnid the bent in the district, has cut"lit and is in elaiip-er of tot ii dev whitton 1 he bouse was pirti illy covered li) msuiance in the Roi ni Iiisuianee Lump ni) 'Hie lites aboie Toma are still burning I fieitely. A big fire is burning along the ¡Mirboo road, iippioxunntelv noithviauls, windi mu't leave demolition m us tinil Neal ly all the f.umeis along A mc)'s '1 nick I .mil O'Hiady's Riduo lime sullen il a u>i tuiii «mount of hudship, Messt s. M'Ki'u_ie, (Jnuleuer, Lcliuii, Pole), Monaghan, 1-ono i.iu, Phillips, lîobsitei, and othcis along the loviei Pi.inklm mid, being amongst them The budge ovct liciinison Cioik is ruined, and hevoi ii culveits have been len dcied useless, The wind has lulled, and the usidents look loivynul nilli eager ox pcttunty for 1,1111. MISCELLANEOUS REPORTS. FURTHER DAMAGE AT AVOCA. AVOCA, Friday. Tile bush fires mo still I aging, and it will lw bume iln.vs bcfoie thev t.in bo cousidotcd b.ife, though Hie) nie now tlnclly conhned to link tonnt)) The Moimi Lonaiih flic 1 ml o out ag.uu hut ti cuing, notwithstand- ing the caiofiilncss of the wntiheis. It got over hilf a milo of country beftiio SO min tould di lit* it bail, in the lulls It dislio)cd an additional HW aucs ol gins-.| on Ainphithialic Station. Spltndid liinhi'. I is tudu) frilling m all iliirctia.n» A mun-1 bel of deni sliecp have been lound, but I i t, estimate of damage tau he given, as it I is impossible to explme Hie munt!) held bv the lu,' A li^imndot!. quintil! nt j gi ins has been hivept off the Woodstock IVt.itc, belonging In Ali ,1. M'l'hee, and In has lost miles of touting. Most of the laisies mil fall hem th on the Milicien-, mine purtle ul.ulv nn Umso nho hist mil tie bail.. Stoics of the men nie still iv ni king, mid by degrees gelti-ig the lue lind, into the lunges, anny flinn tho habitations. IIUM'MW AAL, Wednesday-. The wenthci for (ho past fen divs has been (. vct'iluuilv hot, the thriuioincter iiyi.tcnng lllhdig. in the shvle tnda,v, and llOdeg yastenhi). Hush hu i have bien liijmg rill mound today, and ¡iiipuiuhid tim township this evening, nnd, but fur a body of fill oi Oil mon, would have destioied ii 'mod few houses. Jit. W. llaulvvidge, about tiyu miles flinn lit'ie, had all his out- houses, ¡.'imbil fenc-s, .nul finit tices de- ll i nyul. His elvvilliiif- liouse, nindi o.umht lue Koyeiiil Innes, nas nilli wiii'd by the ollnils of himself and -annie minors working lins" bv. aSai'ctitl putic« had tlio Nliedu anti then shafts, then blois, tope, aüc, binni, hut no other ilauii"'f is icported. LEnNGATI! ..Tlun-sihiy. The hush lues m tuts neighbourhood ap- peal to have monten lint ahitc-l, but me fin fiom cxtint-iiisli-d, und a lint li mil uni/ at any moment again lane the demon. 'I'lm season, looked foi vv nul to bv Hie sc lcclots of this dlstuet willi much hope, will end moat disaitt oiiblv foi rn.ui). L \N01ÎÏM1-I-D, Thiirsduy The bush (¡tes îngittg }t'Hteidtty nt Ihn 1 noilli of Liulccfio1 1 arc now piaititiill) oiei conn, but Hit dimite dont has bun ixlm sue 1 enees, eio| s, and gi iss bivi been entirely demolished mid it «as nilli the utmost d (hcultv Hint homesteads win I sai ed The pimcipil suffcius by the lues 'nie Afqssts M Wilson, 1 Condon, L Ixitclienhain, II Smith, T Connots, T Shelln, mid 1 A! Mahon MOP, lridai I m Hier details are lo hand to da) of the extensile d image clone b) the hie at Tra filgai South lho ivhole counti) between Hine and I hoi pilule is now coiniiletel) de , instated Mi M N dib losl lJO toni of lui) n barn ton sheds, six acics of nlicit j not eui, mid 0 lons of hay not tilled Callie weie also dcstio)t I iswtll is ill the fences nu the place Mi Ueibcits lim was ill I unit,as well is Ins fences, outbuild mg« mid mimi i vis AU King lost ill lim crop and h s du cllmghotisc, the fund) being only Hived hv tiliui"- icfugo in the cieel A team of worl ing bullocl s belonging to Jill Nrile also iieiibhcd AIcssis Miller, Cornish, and Hurvillo mu d Hu ii dvulhngs with gi eat exertion, but lost hem!) othci wise laige flies ne non ii"ing just out side Aloe I|ie to.i lents nie tonsidcinblv aliimcd, ind cnrcfitll) w itching, icndy foi any emergency AlOltti rLL, Pndai The number of sottlci» whose divclhnfs hueb"on burnt by the lm.li lues i urui" in this distt ict has now been mt raised ftom over tu ont}, as repoitcd in Hie Argus of to du, to oier Hull! nul the lues nre st II nging in some lim is JPIi« beal piners this morning suggest tint mibsciiption lists should be opened to n»stst those n ho li n e boen icndeiel hnmdoss, as nell as com plctely destitute S ILE, Snndai A (¡te 1 roi e out at Alt lames Afuiph) s farm at The lient on Wcdnesdai after noon md it waa feaicd Uni it wold I spread tliioii"h all the i nimble lient pronerlns where thcie is a good dell of lnc.li di y gus» A nies enger gillap«! lound and w ii ned nil the f ii mci s about mid there was soon plenty of nssistnnip Hie Hie wns sived norn reaching some hn)stacl s at Al Intvie s bj (hades 'smith, who ni lud in Huon li the (laines ind eutnvv iv a htd.e, uhlth also tut of! the fire fiom the slicks Alis and I i I I Iv Mr ii linn ni 1 Alies Nellie Killeen, gno inluablo issistmci to the fire iighltts in getting until, Alns Nellie Tylllccn st Hiding up to bei waist in a witeihnlc to lund bud cts out lister ] ventuntlv the (ne was got under J lie mai or of Sale has been leqiiisitinned to call a public n eetmg ti nise bubscuptious to issist the Gqip lind suffcius bv the lues A stacl of liny ovinul hy Ali Aldloy, rcsid mg in Sale boinudi, wns distioycd by fire sjon nftci midnight on Indi) night 100R\, P ulm 1 lie heat ill ovir the loora nnition or South (aipp In d foi til- la t noel his boen veil sei ere Ide liu_.li lues hive been sime thing temblé J ho vvholi of Atount 1 is on lue, Ino of the sol ttors mined Poll mgton mil '..civet, an limnt out but how the otbtrs 1 in i ned is not 1 um ii jet 1 he wind is blowing mi stionjuunl mr)ing spalls ftom Hit lue tuts a long distinto, one file hi caking out nevill} a mile fiom the other in s ni ci cs Although the weather IB eooln, destrue tue (lies are still binning Alexis ..mutti and Coopti, hrgc alnuimcii, lune bun fighting Hit fin ncs lound Unir homestcid mid uhtds nil dm, with the assistante of TO men and fiom apmnrnntes the) «til lime to fight all night Mm) sclcctois baie bien lnunt out ml Hi" township wns niunced, the (ne nppioidling lo the cdgi of tin JO acres just cleared on the bordei of the township "TARI! \AI, Sund iv 'Hie leo.nt bush fires hive caused the total distinction of tin lininc.tiitls of Congo 1 ergtnmn nut! George It thud« at AA est Alliettnn, mid n!«o th it of Al Snea ni) it Hod 1 iiisiin \t \\\ ist Albert in a fainm ntniel l"in uns a hen) lo ti His out j billi lmns in I tlnec aties of illicit ncie de ' «.In )id Jin (ne stinted on Jip Tip Plains, and ti nilli. I ! I miles to A'aiiam de strn)ing ninth g is. land m rente Hie pic sent ullin uni end nuitliu helps the cxtin jruu-i'ii i" of the Ines tin (ugh the diblirtt 1 iimtrs mil continue to lit memced till i lum min fills Alum fins have otiuncd tlnoigh sclictois 1 iiining off 1 ortunalelv the list daiivin; land um mis untouched, but holdcis ne lccluu inxious AEA Fridm Hu fins al J lonudile baie done icon s duihle amount of dam igt Hie follow ni te '?omi of the IOHUS -Mi ( ipevvcll 2 000 ici es 11 "u s, Ali Joe Cul mil sheds cut houses, mel ¡riss Chis Diheiti 120) ¡uns Ali ( n-s ] DOO Hires Jus ml! ( ii hs I ni ne 1 light out ot hoit-e and bonn noll uif bun,. Mind Ali A loll hay and di id house Í.I, i duo 1 at till! Afrs Man C it mu HU mc Ali K I irinson, 100 ins Mi linne 010 mu and huts Ali ( Ivins dim aires Itncing and dam nillid nt tljl) Ali Unlit! »II atres Mi Hume s house n is tot dil dcstioycd hy hu last 111,-ht Hie pi enlista wen uniiibiutd 1 uti LlfiUJINO KinlORl , & lim da) \ young Run <i in na ned Mnluid li mi km, iv ho Ins only been out in tin i iii ii) six mel s w is ai i «tul nt Wall m on In lu on i chum of endingeung pia pet tv bj I glilin. i bit on tin I ni In load fioo n in w n Unveiling ni li i house mil cn , mil fonhshli lit uhr on the 1 outside neal sonn Ion. gnibs lia 1 it not bun lui Hie hinch as_.i lint of bciciil people, i ilm. mu. («lilli iitirn u nil lim bun Hu i ult ile «is I tanjil htf le the Klimmt I' bee Coull on Satin din, and hind J. J, oi II dus ni g lol AIIRI.OOXORIII Sittuli) \ lil from tin ( onion Institute, n imcd C Ullin Rid lid- ibid 10, lies arristed bl C m it ii li Iliitud ai ii lcinnn lui tiXil l.iol till mxt lotnlcourt(linrguliiitli hjit ing i hu on Mi Mid lu s pi iputv windi c uiscd (lint dunstuiou Hu b y inn fi ssid Ins gu 't It is Mippo. d Unit MiS-i. Anluvt ith and lb omi s dun and home blinds win dunohshid 1} this Im SL .PIC ION Ol v\ ILII L I IKING V DI I IGT IM. l.LSl>nCHLl> On Mi tu d iv Mipennttndeiit Bl own ot the Dctcitive nfliet, leecived a telogfitn fiotn leetho nsl III"' Unit u dit etui might lip «mt up to nixcHtit,tt<» the t iiinninluites sill mundill ( the de itli of Pittid» Cimliv who wnn burnt to death between Jeetho and I och on luestliv >vo ftuther pin lieiiliuvn were given bul 1-ctcilivo Mig( mt \\\ hilnev vv is ni onie despatched In um dtiit impune. Ciinlev was one of Mi Cal 1 nans snivel pull), nn on I ite-ibn win etigiged .uiv«nug a block of lund about a mile linn Ice Ibu KIUIIII NU oil ninn and not m the be t of health Co dev i_lt the lu it tti'vuclv in ! became knod c1 up I IK ullicis went cn to «. t linn so n vv itu, b nvmg the tin nlohte nilli him, hut befoie tin v « mid «ut bael the scrub in vv 1 i li lui hid bien lift was n mann of flumes Sp nth I lillies wile otgui mrd, bul it vv in not nulli 1 tiib v nfleunion tint the bob of the mi fciituiuile mun was itioveicd, about live dim.s el stunt fiom whcio the theodolite wa« ft nml I lie leinainn, which weit Iel illili binni, weic ronvivcd tn L«li, und mc iheic awititm ' mipicst Conlct w is't.f venn of nee md hil been long in the su vice ol the I mils department us duiniiiiii Hi was n mai in d mun, and li II lui willi hi- f nml) it I Little lilli nticil, SiiUh Md li linne II leelive v. lulu.) is expected lo Killin t v Aid! mu ni li dm, when the untiH of his investigations will bo made known WtóTI.nXJUSTRAUA. K \LGOOKLir, liulnv Tullin Bl un ding.. I nilli -hinting at Const ilh l!i« on IV Rib list vulh ill it, w is to dav eoiumilte 1 for ti ml at the Pelly S( . mis to lu hell in Mindi, it I i-l/ai du Bud vv is ic-11-.i] rnini.simdav I The pmiripal liiedieil ollici has lecom mended a mina of legulationa bv wai of picciinlton ni must tho littioduetion of Uie bubonic pi ic.ui Ihol'i.mui in teleginphing fmm AlhniiN to the ( ttiumu-if.net of Um! s tiller ex |iu.Hint* tongi ltulitioii- uptui the simms nf Hie loan adds, "^ou mai now pt ice ed lo mil tho (. iiolgnuho wntir supnlv scheine in limul \l oma ptoiced with Hie uni wav to tho dam site, build the dum, and mil foi tendel s foi pumping nine Innen mid I pipes nnd pcii-iultv push fmwiutl tins I muk ' I he lonimi'-ionor of Woih. statej lb it ciulv in Uio week « lillies will In di hpntdied to I niidon, lii.trnoting the ntlui ti-imint ol tendem 