RENEWAL OF DANGER AT NEERIM. NEERIM SOUTH, Wednesday. Scarcely had the embers died out from among the ruins of the NEERIM NORTH town- ship, when the residents of the district were called upon again to do battle with the fire fiend. This time the centre of danger lay to the south of the late township, and in the vicinity of Mr. J. English's, Neerim Post-office. A week ago the fire was bear- ing down on this place, and everything was got ready for a keen battle, when the wind suddenly shifted, and destroyed Neerim North. Yesterday the wind was blowing very strongly from the north, and some smouldering trees were fanned into flames. Sparks flew in all directions, and soon grass and ferns were ablaze. Mr. English had the fire within a few yards of his store and dwelling house, and men were on the roofs with water, ready for any emergency. In his farm-yard all his outbuildings are roofed with shingles, of which, had the fire once got hold, a clean sweep of his beautiful residence and well-stocked store would now have to be chronicled. Word was sent to the Tarago saw- mill, two miles away , of the danger, and Captain Garside instantly stopped the mill, and sent all his men to help protect property. Messrs. McColl Bros., who are building their sawmill plant, also sent their men along. With plenty of willing hands the properties of Messrs. B. and P. Harri- son, Mr. Hare, and Mr. A M'Cormick's blacksmith shop, were saved. Fortunately the wind shifted towards evening, or other- wise a fire as destructive as the Neerim North one might have taken place. To give an idea of the way fire is spread here, sparks were carried by the wind from a tree burning on English's Hill and set fire to the grass in Mr. BH. Harrison's paddock, half a mile away. Another one from the same tree lit the grass one mile off, near Mr. Hares house. Fortunately these fires were seen before any damage was done. The danger now from this fire is, it may cross the road, and, if it does, nothing will save Messrs. Daniel Wilkinson, E. Dowey, M'Cormick, Johnstone, and Riddell's pro- perties; also, the Neerim Cemetery. To prevent it's crossing, a band of men are stationed along Neerim main Road, and as long as the wind is favourable no immediate danger is predicted. Many of the farmers ar showing signs of collapse, having been up night after night for a week or more. Mr. H. Johnston, a Neerim farmer, who also has a farm in Neerim North, had twenty head of cattle grazing there. Yesterday he went to look for them, but could only find four head. The continua- tion of the Neerim North fire was raging there, and search was dangerous, but he succeeded in finding the charred remains of two head, and he is afraid the others have suffered the same fate. Yesterday Mr. J. Emery's homestead was surrounded by fire, and Mr. Johnston was unable to get to see how they fared for smoke and flames. No news is yet in from that quar- ter, but it is stated the fire is raging about Messrs. Laidlaw and Donald Riddell's farms. Neerim proper is now in the centre of two fires. A large one is coming up the Tarago Valley, and for a few days the farmers will be in suspense. From the Neerim post-office the country is one large unfenced paddock for eight miles, and the fire is still going on. Rain is greatly wanted. Later . Since writing the above the wind has risen, and great clouds of smoke are belching up 100 yards from Mr. Harrison's home- stead. If the wind continues a keen battle is expected this afternoon. Fortunately many hands are on the scene keeping watch. 