Our Story Competition. pIR?ST PRIZE STORY. ' ONLY A TROOPER. AN ORIGINAL STORY BY SIDNEY CARTON. [All Rights-Rceonrod.] ,I ~aA SH-ADY orchard sloped away . down to the creek, and in gnnong the low- lying limbs of an old apple tree there ,a yollng girl sat read . C lng. Slhe h1ad a Latin autllor ) __ _ ) hwithlr, also a novee , loanol but as 5 sl; ..L. was only 18 and lovely, ? '£ It goes without saying thlat b ten Latnl author lay on her I lap ; the novel was In her lland. She read on and on, tu.rning page after page, always saying to herself that she would stop when slhe got to the end of tie next chapter, and study the Latin. But presently there was a splashing in the water hbelow her, and look ing up she saw a man riding one horse and leading another down Into the creek. He sat motionless In the saddle as the horses quenched their thirst, and then moved slowly down the stream, stopping every new and then while they drank again. As they paused nearly opposite to the girl, the man looked upl, and their eyes met. He raised his rap gravely, and tihen paced slowly on. He wore the uniform of a mounted, trooper, except the jacket, which I he had discarded on account of the heat, thereby displaying an immaculate white shirt, which sat gracefully loose and de lightfully cool-looking on his broad shoulders. It was a very hot afternoon though early in September, and thle horses splashed about for somne time in the water lower down, and the girl watclhed them with ad miring eyes. They were splendid speci mens, the pick of the whole district, and the rider was a match for them. He was a fair, handsome man, witll hair and long moustache of the colour of a *rluened wheat-ileld. At last he rode up out of the creele and slowly away down the winding road. Then the girl let both books lie neglected, and leaned back on the apple how, her hands beneath her head, day dreaming. The next afternoon the little nastoral was enacted again. The girl sat as before in the apple tree reading, but every now and then she glanced toward the creek in expectation. In due time down they came again, the same rider, the same two horses. This time as they passed, and the man raised his cap again, with lingering looks, a delicate colour fluttered up into the girl's face. On the third afternoon things did not go so smoothly. Something startled the horses, and just opposite the orchard they made a great splashing and: commotion. and the man had some trouble to hold the second horse frpm breaking loose. But he found timd to glance for a moment at the apple ,tree, and he saw the lovely face there lie? up with amusement and admlration'. It was hiis turn to flush now, but when the horses were quiet again down the creek heo turned deliberately in his saddle and gave the salute they had rendered impossible before.. The girl thotight it good fun, and she repeated to herself for the twentieth time, ," How splendid he is !" And the man was haunted by the girl's fair face all the next day, and the next, when there blew the first hot wind of the season, and no one but a salamandar could have sat out of doors. On. the day following he saw her driving downnthe main street while he lounged on the verandah of the police station. " Who is that girl ?" he asked the ser geant. "That's Miss Davidson.; pretty girl. isn't,she ? Awfully clever, too, they say." " And who is Miss Davidson ?" "Oh, yeu know old Dr. Davidson, surely, don't you ? They live In that long stone cottage at the turn of the road ; the garden slopes: down to the creek near where you take the horses." " I know." nodded the troover, whose name was Glynn, and then he let the mattei drop. But he felt a strong Inclination to see more of her. Life was deadly dull in Merimeri, and the sight of'the girl's sweet, bright face was welcome to his listless, bored eyes. Fortune favoured him the very next day. He was starting out as usual to the creek when the telegraph boy came up and begged a lift on the horse he was leading. This youth had. lamed his own:much-abused steed, and was for the present forced to walk with his messages. " You couldn't ride her bare-back," said Olynni ; " she would throw you before you wei:- fairly on. Where do you want to go I" " Over to Davidson's with a wire," said the boy, tapping his bag. " Give it to me ; I'm going over to the creek," said the trooper, " and then you needn't go at all." So:the boy, glad to get out of the long walk, handed up the telegram to Glynn a highly irregular proceeding no doubt, but discipline was lax in this little sleepy hollow. - I Yes, there she was as usual, in the same old tree, and he believed she was watch ing for him. He rode down into the creelk sedately as usual, but astonished her by riding directly out again, close to the orchard fence. He deliberately fastened the horses to tile rail, and then drew the telegram from the pocket of his jacket. The girl had by this time alighted on the ground and picked up hler fallen books. " I've been entrusted with a telegram for your father, Miss Davidson," he said. " I thought I should find you here," he ad ded in the pause after she had thanked him. " Yes. I often sit here, it is so cool," she answ)vered. " How your horses enjoy the water." And she stroked the head of the nearest. " What are their names ?" " That is Nero," he answered, " and this," caressing the neck of the brown he had been riding, " is Beauty, my own es pecial property." " You are very fond of her ?" "Yes," he said quietly, looking straight into the girl's face, and she saw what beautiful, deep blue eyes he had, " she's the most precious thing I have left. I should be more sorry to part with Beauty than anything else I have In the world." But the words seemed to call up a stormy gloom on the handsome face ; all the laughing de bonnair grace was gone from his manner. Then the girl remembered the telegram in her hand, and shyly wishing him good afternoon, turned away. " Miss Davidson," he called after her, " I will wait to see if there is any answer." " Thank you," she replied, and ran light ly up to the house. What a graceful, gracious little creature she was, he thought, as lie watched her moodily. She was more like his old world than anything he had seen since he left it-except Beauty, he added, as the horse; with subtle intuitive jealously rubbed her delicate nose against hini to recall his wavering fidellty. Beauty had In no slight degree filled his heart when it was aching and empty, and she was not to be lightly thrust out now. " No, there is no answer, thank you," the.girl said, running back and panting slightly with her haste. Still he lingered a moment, she looked so bright and lovely with flushed cheeks, parted lips, and the wivnd-stirred ripples of her dusky brown hair shading her great dark eyes. Slhe had left a magazine on the post of the fence, and Glynn'a hand rested on it to keep the leaves from fluttering In the breeze. "'It's a long time since I saw ' Pear son's,' " 'o said wistfully ; " they don't get it in the School of Arts over here. " That Is an old one," said the girl eager ly, " but I can lend it to you with pleasure, and you can have as many more as you like. We have piles of them. Father is a most eytravagant man over books and papers." Olynn thanked her and took tihe book ; it gave him just what he wanted, an excuse to come and speak to her again. It was easy after tills for their slight acquaintance to ripen into friendship. Glynn's thirst for serial literature appeared to hbe Insatiable, and nearly every afternoon witnessed an exchange of mnagazines over the orchard fence. And each time ho lin gered longer than before, till at last long afternoons were wiled away in the leafy shlad as the month drew to its close. And circumstances favoured their uninterrupt * ed Intimacy, for the tclegram which Glynn had so obligingly brought informed Dr. Davidson that the medical agent had se cured for him tlhe locum tcncns he desired, and In a day or two he had set off for a six weeks' holiday. And the old auntie who kept the house rarely came as far as the . trchard gate, so Helen, at first was as free as air. Then something came in the way. A thing, too, scarcely a man-the timid little doctor who had come to fill her father's place during his absence. Glynn sworo softly under hills breath tbo first time that tills apparition came bllndlcrlng down to the orchard and interrupted their happinelss. Glynn was very much In love already. Hisoprcvious experience of colonial girls had been by no means a happy one ; ildced, hI- had seen very little but the seamy side of Australian society. IHe had at first watchled ellen narrowly In Ills cool, fastidious wa'. for anyl giaiulhiolc or vul garity, and the result was so far satis factory or unsatisfactory that he had com pletely lost his heart itn the analytic pro cess. And Helen, whose pure and steadfast eyes, looked out on the world with a poet's heart and soul shinilng from them. Helen took himn for wIhat lie was, a gcntleman inll spite of his trooper's uniform. Sihe had known no olne like hint before in her short life, and she simply dreamed of him all day and hialf the nightl. They talked chlelly about the books she lent him, and lie told lher very little about himself, only alluding to his past int a moody, cynical way. But 'by all te arts; and graces of which he' was the master hie set ]lilmllnf to Interest and chlarimi lier. until lie had completely won her heart to himself. Ilut Dr. M\luir's short-sighted eyes haid soon discovered Ilelon's loveliness, anld he, foo speedily fell aL victim to hler charms. He followed her about ino the most exasperat ing manlier whencevor he was at Ihome, and lunfortunately he discovered that shle was fone of the orchard, so there he insisted on walking with her. to her dismay. And Glynnt , more than one, riding down into thle creek, and singing illn lis heart for joy as he came to meet her, hiad to gnash his teeth, as he raised his calp and passed on. Sometimes Dr. Muir had to ride to out lying places, and then they hlad peace for a lday ora two, but whlile lie was at home they were never safe, at last, from inter ruption. This brodught matters to a crisis more quickly than they would otherwise have come. One afternoon, when the little doctor should have been 20 miles away, they heard him coming down through tha long grass and calling softly, " Are you there, Miss Davidson ?" The horses had been tied only a short five minutes to the fence, and Glynn was enraged. His strong hands closed suddenly on Helen's resting lightly on the fence. " Come 'here to-night," he said entreat ingly; " I want to tell you something very particularly. Promise you will come love," he whispered, with his face bent down till he kissed the hands he held. It was the first word of endearmeht he had used, iani her face Ilamed as she tore her hands away and escaped. She was seated demurely in her old place in the apple tree, palpitating, however, when Dr. Muir found her, and the horses were splashing at some distance down the creek; but Glynn's face was' exultant. That. evenins, while her aunt dozed over ;ti newspaper, and the doctor was busy in the surgery, Helen stole down cu:l-er the summer starliht to the orchard. Her lover was there waiting for her at the gate lest she should be timid crossing alone among the shadows. Together they strolled back to her favourlto seat, and as they stood beside'it in the darkness he could feel her trembling. " Do not be frightened, dear," he said gently. "Nothing can harm you while I am beside you." The' cloud she wore was slipping' from her shoulders, and as he drew it round her. all at once with a fierce, passionate impulse, he gathered her into his strong arms and held her there. So they stood in silence, and she could feel the heavy throb of his heart against her own, she could hear the low murmur of the creel;, and the wind stirring softly among the leaves. Then when he gently raised her face to his, he found to his dis may that it was wet with tears. " Dearest, dearest, don't cry," he said in distress. " Shall I take you back again? I can scarcely forgive myself for bringing you here, but there was no other way that confounded fellow was always in the road." He soothed her at last, and for a blissful hour they sat in the old tree while he told her all his love hnd all about himself. There was nothing very startling or ori ginal in his confessions. It was only the old story of a smart regiment, high play, and debts, of course. " And then when my father refused to help me through the scrape," he continued, " I left it all and came out here. I was in disgrace and had no introductions. I thought it would be active.. stirring work being a trooper in New South Wales. I had visions of riding in a gold escort, chasing bushrangers, and winning my way to rapid promotion. But I have been very sick of the hum-drum life of this place. I was just on the point of throwing it all up and going to India when I first saw you." " And did you really stay here because of me ?" asked Helen. " Yes," he laughed softly, as he kissed her red mouth again. "I would stay in Hades. with you, if I could not take you out of it." Then at last he took lier back to the gate, and parted with her reluctantly, grudgingly. For Dr. Davidson was to be home in the morning, and tliere was no saying when they would meet again. He watched her as she went through the dim light up the house, and Dr. Muir-mean little cur--watched their parting, too, and turned green with jealous rage. Dr. Davidson would have been astounded could he have known 'that his daughter in. this short time had found two such lovers. He had thought, as a matter of course, that she would be quite safe at home In Iis sister's care. Heo was a clever, absent minded man, who looked on Helen as still a mere schoolgirl, and who was proud of her in that capacity. She had had, so far, a distinguished career, having gained the Fairfax prize ins the " Junior," and then matriculating with honours. Her intellect and ability made amends to her father fora the fact of her being a girl instead of a boy, and he intended that after a rest at home and some quiet reading with him she should go to the University, which cx plains the presence of the Latin author in the apple tree. And Helen had been agree able to this disposal of her life until she saw Noel Glynn. Her time had been chiefly passed in study, varied by the mild recrea tion afforded by a boarding-school, and her only knowledge of life and love had been derived from books. The doctor came home in a very bad temper. He usually did after such an absence. People knew inl a vaguo sort of way that the doctor had had trouble in his life before he came to settle in Merimeri, and it was generally understood that when the skele ton in his cupboard grew too obtrusive, he went off for a while to drown his cares. Then he would cdme back, and with a very bad grace at first, settle down again to the temperate, monotonous life he usually led. On this occasion, before he had been an hour in the house, he snubbed ,Dr Muir so frightfully over his treatment of some cases that the astounding revelation re garding Miss Davidson, which the young doctor had intended to make, was delayed. And Helen, who could give but a very un satisfactory account of lier studies, fled, in fear and trembling, to the orchard in the afternoon, when Noel Glynn came to call on Dr. Davldson. Although lie did not on this important occasion obtrude his uni form, the doctor knew him well enough, and was civil to him, thinling lie had called on sonme oflilcial business, for the doctor was the Government Health Ollicer for the dis trict. But when the trooper, in a few straightforward words, unfolded !lis errand, the doctor's anger and indlignation know no bounds. In vain Glynn pleaded that he had come to hlsn as soon as pos sible, in vain lie protested that he would not have spoken to Helen first but for Dr. Muir's intcrference and espionage. The doctor in his rage and disappointment silld such bitter things that Glynn's face, as he left the house, was white and set, and lihe felt justified Is using any means inl his power to wil the doctor's daughter from Then Helen hlad a very bad quarter of anl hour in the doctor's surgery. Though slle did not know it, there was some excuse for him when he told lier that he would rather see her lying dead tlan Inarried to Noel Glynn. For an old wound inl the poor doctor's heart was opened afreshlh, and lay gaping. .lust such a man as Olynln, tall, lair, and aristocratic, had, 17 years ago, lured his pretty, frivolous wife away from her home, her husband and infant child to run oft With him. It was litlo wonder, therefore, that he felt bitter towards the mlan who wanted to take Ills daughter from him now. And he had ben so proud of her ! He had so trusted that liher intellect woul save her fromn such feIly, so hoped that a higher education iand the fuller de velopmcent of her mental powers would leave no room for such frivolity. But here slhe had In a few short weeks given her self to thie first man whio sought her-a scapegrace and a blackl sheep, or worse, for all they knew. The weeks that followedl were very dreary and miserable for them both. Tlhey rarely Cieven saw each othler, for Glyin knew, tllhouh Hlelen dhi n0ot, that soime account of tile affaIr had reached tile gao; ips and hle wold l liot coilrominise hlier further If lie coull help It. So the long, hot tdays of tile dry summer dragged oil., and Chlristlmas dlrew nelre!. H-lelen drooped and iined ini her half Imlprisoned life. ilHir aiunt treated her Ia a clhlil i dlisgrace, her father ignored her with great contemptt. She felt that a coni smtant watch was keipt upon her there were no iimoriie idle afternioois In the old aplle tree. no other ieetilng uilnder tile summer starlight. The creek liy the orchard was inecarly dry inow, too, so (Glynn took his hiorses to poliie dteep pools oin the iother side of the townl. Tile inerelt a'iltroah to aiiiythling )'r. D)avlidson lilhad In the way of a frieindshlli wasn with Mr. 'Warren, the owner of Merl merl station. So one lday wheni that gen tleilan callled ill to see tile droctor alolit :eliding a bollntlary rilder's sick wife in Io tle hloslital, he coinillente ll oil elen'.'s changedl looks, andi rather to his own sur prise the doctor told him all the trouble. "Poor lltlle thling," commented the kindly oli friend, whencl the story was tinisheld. Tlhen after a ipause hlie went oiln. " lIm sorry for you, )iavilson, but I miust tell you I thinkII ycii halve madle IiistaoItes over llelnil. No one believes miore thor oughily nI tile higher education of womeni than I o, oand I symplathlise with your endeavour to dlevelop Ilelen's ulndouibtcd gifts. tlut you hove tvertdonie tilhe matter. iand allo\\\ed her to see niothing whatever of the lighter sile of life. You ki.now how ilany llncs we hav'e askedl you to let her comne to us and mnix with ipeolle a little more, but it cwas ahlays lessons and stuLidy. and " IIelen nlutst inot waste Iler time," andt " Hielii halns a ilcarleer before her." SA line career inow," said the doctor, with something lilte a groan. " I do not want to hurt you. Davidson," lie went on, "' buti I cannot help thlinktig that If H-lelen hald been accustomlned to meet ilore people.. If she had got ilusel to dlone ing with those young fel!ows in the buaks, and lulayihg tennis withl tile cura'te and all that sort of thing, the chaices are shel miighlt lnever have given that hlandsolne troorer fellow a secondl thought." " God knows." said the dloctor. drcearily. lie was tlhiking of his gay little butteri' Ily wife. " However, let her come inow for a few days," continued Mr. Warren. " It will perhaps cheer her up, nmid takte her mlild off things a bit." " Are your girls hack from Sydney ?" " Yes, over a week ago, andI they lilave brought a new friend, a Lady Armstrong, balck with them-a most charming woman, but I cannot quite understand why she wanted to bury herself in this part of the world In such awful weather." " Is she husband-hunting ?" asked the cynical (old doctor. The Jovial squatter laughed in rather an embarrassed manner. "I don't know," he said, " but she's welcome to me if she will have me. She says, however, that she wants to gain colonial experience, that she Is going to study the (Irought." The doctor grunted something that was inaudible, but contenmptuous, but he gave In to the scheme of sending -Helen out to the station. There they were all charmed with the lovely, gentle, splrituelle child. Lady Armstrong took lher' under her wing, and made an ewecial pet of her. So, more cheerfully than at home, the next few days passed, though not an hour went by in which she did not think of Noel, won dering where he was and whether he would nmake somIne effort to see her again. And Noel was brooding almost dlespair ingly : he kept away, for he did not iwant to renew the gossip, and he could see no way as yet of mnclding matters. But on Christmas Eve he received a mysterious little note : " Will Noel Glynn come to Merimerl station to-night, and wait at the bottom of the garden behind the box-thorn hedge until nine o'clock ?" Noel could not identify the writing, which was evidently disguised : so, hoping it was a summons from Helen, he obeyed it. That evening after dinner the party at Merimnerl sat out of doors in a vain en deavour to get cool. The stars showed dim and red through the haze of bush-fire smoke, and long lines of dull red burned sullenly out on the ranges, every here and there flashing out into fiery tongues of flame. Mlr. Warren watched it all uneasily. " That fire has talken a great hold on the timber," he said to his eldest daughter. " If we got a west wind now it would make things serious for us all. I think I must get the boys at once to burn off that wheat Iaddockt that was stripped to-day. That would save the Ihouse if the fire came too far down the mountain." A~s he got up to go hlie looked cound. " ?Where's Lady Armstrong ?" hlie askied. " Perlaps she'd like to see the fun; it's all ' Colonial experience.' " But Lady Armstrong was nowhere to Ibe seen. Under cover of thie host's exit, how 'ever. IIelcn slilppcd away, and ill a few muolnents wac speeding down among the sicadows of the old-faslhioned garden. She had recognised the whining of Beauty, andc followedc in the directiols of the call. Soon shie saw the graccfulcci formi of the horse looming darkly against the white road, and there, too, was tie tall figure of Noel. But, alas, for IIHelc! Someone else was in her place, his arm was around soime otheri woman. Theo wllile she stood as if turnced to stone she could hear tile low, clear voice of Lady Armistrong. " Oh, Noel, dear, I do not deserve to be forgiven, but I hIave niever felt a' mioment's peace since you left mne." "Never mcind now," said Noel, as lihe bent anid kIissed her. " Fatlhcr perhaps lnad some right to be hard, but you were all I hIad, and I should have clung to you. But I have searched fore you over hllf Australla. I got a clue at last in Sydney, and I am afraid I rather invited myself here oel that account." Then she nestled her head confidingly oq his shoulder ,while he looltked down ten deily and stroked tile shining hair. And Helen turned without a sound, and crept away back again, In a very agony of shame. Siloe had trusted him so, and would havo belielved in himn agalnst all tile world. lt thlere was no aplpeal against whlat sile hlad seell and lheardl for Ilerself. So all nigbt she laly with straillclned, tearless eyes, trying to Ilear tile pain, try ing to conquelllr lherself, and wondering how to hlide her woullnd. Most of all Sile was1 conllcerlnedl as to how shle coulld nleet Lady Arlmstronllg-or how avoid her. Inlt thile next morning tlhere were other thlings to be tihougllt of besides IIelcn's whilito face. 1Mr. Warren's worst fears re gnlrdlfng tile blush fires were reallscd. At earliest ldawnl tllere ca0le tile first falint breatll of the tdrellatdedl west wind, seoft and low as tile 0entle sighingl of some tired giant. lrcetclhedL uponll tile burnt bIrown plin11. AndI t1le fire resl5ond1c0 d and blurnt 111 more irlishly. Then, as tile s01n rose, at blood-red ball through tile sulpllurous slllol0e 1and haze, tile 1wind Icr'easecd, and0 s1onll it was swceping ill tlcrciless gusts ovecr tile dtoolmed ceulltry, 1nd1 tile fire was raginllg on before it. Tle lhomelsteadi, with tile crrek and thle bIurnlt llwheat-ficll to cut it off, was tolerllbly safe. hult tile oultlylng cottfages that straggled away fronl tile townshlill towlarlds tile statloll were ill llldangr, and tilhe townslllip Itself was thlreat elled. So every mn1111 ill tile place was out fighting the fire, when Mariln, tile boun 1dary r!dler, whose wife was inl tile hlospital, 0od0e up distratedl to whtere most of theml wer0e w0orking1 to preven t it crosling a cer tanlll Inll. P;or oln tie other side lay It fgreat ipadlocki full of long gras:s and0 dry rin-1.ar1l1d tilnt r illllr. Mnrtin ]lad 40ot word tile nia ht bIefore thalt his wife was worse, so labolt t o'clock ill tile mornllng ho had111 left tile hit ill charge of little 10 year-ohl ) ololy, tellingf her that if her n1lthte11 \vw1s no better he woull ride 0back to fetch her. When at dawn hIe reachedl the hospital, thile matron let him in quietly, tellinig hIm1 tllat ills wife 1had juIst gone off to sleep,. and everythting 1depended1 on Ihow shel woke. So he 111had jus t sat watcllh Ing h1er, houlr after hour, secing 11nd hlear 1i1f nothl0gf of tle fire, till hle started for holno againll. with good news for Dolly. Thlen to is 1ismnay tile lire tnot hi1n ill lhalf a dozen different trackls by which heIo triedl to Ipass. ie had come. 1. a last re source, to try thils lane, and lIe was nearly wild with anxiety for fear tile flames had already reachetd his home. But his hIorse, tired and frigiltenedt refulscd to be Iurgedt forwardl into tile blilndling smoke. Again a1nd again it backed and realredt, and at last thlrew its rider lheavily to tile grollunld and galloleld off wildly towards thile creelk. A inlnLte later thile hIlcsitating group of Incn saw Glyln--{hlynn who hnId been working like any three men all the mo1rn intlg-a wet lbag over his 0head an0d lloul diers, and mtou1nted on 1 1eauty, rilding ;1cross from tile fence 1wh1re she Iad been secllred. At first she, too, refIused to face thie fire, but,. leaning oil her n1c1 l and p1Iltiog, boothilhl.f, and whis!pcrint, to her, Glyinn got hlcr into thile lane at last. She snlorted andtl sidled tinlllly for a few yards, tlhen all at once botlllundedl forwarld madly and dis appeared as if into tile heart of the barn ing forest. Thenll tille men, splread along thile felces., wortled likle l1emons to 1keep the lane clear for Glynln's rctulrtl. Aglill and11 againl a [talthly ton0gue of lalme lic1ked greedlily Iat tile grass and1 crept across tlhe road, only to be beaten oullt again with bags or bows or whatever calme lhandies. It s?enledl to the desperate men, scoreh(ll. grimed, and parchedl with thirst, as11 if they had toiled for ages, when, after all, a gust fiercer than all the rest conquered them at last. A shower of burning frag ments was whlirled madly far above their heads, and the opposite paddock took fire in twenty places at once. Baut Glynn was coming.! They could hear the thundcring gallop of brave beauty in the lull after that awful blast, and above the dull roar of the fire. A great dead tree had been for some time blazing by tile roadside the flames roared inside its hollow trunkl and belched out fiercely at the top. Now it was tottering to its fall, and the men watched it in a torment of suspense. Would Glynn never come ! Then just as it wavered and came crash ing forward he dashed madly round the corner of the lane. Right under the fiery, falling coluns he came. His shirt wan Ilazing on his back, but a hoarse cheer brokle from the smoke-parched throats of the watchers, for something covered with the bag lay before him on the saddle. With one last, mighty effort the noble horse bounded from under the crushing pillar of fire and fell, with not a yard to slpare. Her great heart burst with the long, mad gallop and the wild terror of it all, and she lay there never again to rise. Her worik was done. Little Dolly was thrown some yards ahead, but despite scratchc, fright, and suffocation, was verey little the worse. But the horse in its dylng agonlly had rolled heavily on Glynn, anld it was aln ulrecogntsable wreck of humanity that thley carried over to the homestead. Crushed and stunned, bruised and burnt, he alpneared almost beyond human aid. Although there was a younger doctor in the town besides Dr. Davidson, it almost goes without saying that the two of them were at ldaggers draLwn. It Is invariably tile case, and when two rival men are to be found practising inl tile same township wilthlout disagreelment and Jealousy then the mnlillenium may slortly be expected. Hut for odce these two, ill thle presence of so much valour, forgot ol0 hostilities. To gether they worlted with tlhe wounded hero throllgoh the long hot day, but whenl tile darkless fell and tile wind fell with it, still out on the breathless night went his illncessant. delirious moan, telling the secret of his love to whoever might listen. " W?\e must get lim quliet somehlow," said the younger doctor, " his temperature keeplls on incrlasillng." IDr. Davidson 1had been fighilting a fierce battle with himself, but alt this he turned to Lady Armlstroug, Illand said briefly : " lring IHelen hcere." Helell, huddled onl thle farthest corner of the vernluldah, tried to escape from her ldetainlilg arm. " Gut, I-Helen, Ie wants you." Thenll the bitternlless, Ill splite of herself, broke out. " IIc doesn't, heo has you !" i Lady Armstrong stared a inomeni; then she comlprehended the situation. " You ridiculous little goose," she said. " hlly, I am only his slister, land about 10 years older into thle bargaln." After which explanation HIelen wont. All hour later the youlng doctor looked into tlhe sickl room, and tile patienllt .wns at last sleeping quiectly with Helen's hand ill Inis. " H'm." he remnarkedl dryly, " I thlink I can get back into town'; 10'll do now." And so he did-very well Indeed. For long before Dr. Davldson had finished doctoring him ho had grown to undorstand. and like him well, andt then thingBs straightened out in a. wonderfully smooth And werhen thlle gallant trooper was well againl, and Ilelen and hie ltlad started on their wecdllng Journey, Lady Armnstrong talked of gotlg. But Mr. Warren declared tlatt shiel had tot half completetd her colo Itlal extperienct, andtl so site cotsclttled to remaih at tMertinerl for thie rest of her ilfo to finish her education. Antl she is thereo now, a most charttmitg womanu, as her lhusband still declares. 