BUSH FIRES AT PORT ESPERANCE. THREE SAWMILLS BURNT. Terrific bush fires were raging here on the afternoon of Tuesday, 8th inst., which, before a hot N.W. wind, took everything in their course. Hopetoun sawmills (Innes') were burn t to the ground, leaving nothing standing but the chimney. The bullock sheds, stable, blacksmith's shop, jetty, and several huts where the hands lived were entirely swept away. The dwelling house was saved with difficulty. Mr. W. L. Clennett's mill (Stanmore) was also entirely destroyed; bullocks and horse sheds, men's huts, everything except Mr. Clennett's house, went down before the fury of the fire. The little portable mill owned by Brown and Bradhsaw also succumbed. They managed to save their driving belt and saws, but about £40 worth of timber stacked at the mill and on Innes' jetty was destroyed. At the Dover township the houses of Wm. Richards, James Hardy, and Thomas Exeter were burnt to the ground, nothing being saved. Thomas Exeter, who was married on the terrible Black Friday, managed, with the help of his wife, to beat back the flames from their dwelling yesterday. They left it apparently safe this morn- ing to see how it fared with some of their neighbours, and I have to repeat the sad tale we have heard so often lately - they returned to find their home and bits of things a heap of ashes. At Glen Bervis, the residences of Frank Austin, Mrs. Hooper, and Edward Stubbs have been deitroyed. In the vicinity of the Hopetoun mill the homes of James Bradshaw, Henry Price, Henry Bradshaw, and McIntosh Brown narrowly escaped destruction as the fires came roaring down through the scrub, but by the able and willing help of friends and neighbours their homesteads were saved. The fires aro still burning rouud about the township of Dover, and it is now blow- ing hard from the S.W., and the outlook is none too bright in the vicinity of the State school, Congregational Church, Post and Telegraph Office, and many other dwel- lings ; but there are bodies of strong and willing workers anxiously awaiting the re- sult, and we are hoping for the best. This evening (Wednesday) the report has como in that Mr. Drysdale, of Kent Saw- mill, had his house burnt, but managed to save his things. The mill is still safe. Riminea (Chesterman's mill) has 20 chain of tram-road burnt. Tho dawn mail arrived at 1.30 p.m. to-day, 181/2 hours behind time, thus showing that the road must be in a bad state with the fire. The mailman roports that Mr. A. E. Davies had lost his barn and sheds, also a number of sheep, and that families of the name of Eves, Glock, Cameron, Corbert, and Thurley aro burnt out at Surges Bay, 9 milos from here. Help is urgently needed, as there are several familes quite destitute. The Stato school has been thrown open to those in want of sbolter, and steps are being taken to afford temporary relief till further assistance is obtained from Hobart. There aro 40 men thrown out of employ- ment by the burning of tho mills, and it has been suggested that temporary employ- ment be found for them in repairing burnt bridgos and culverts and the telegraph line. If the mills aro rebuilt it will be some time before they are ready to employ hands. Another correspondent writes: - "Drysdale's dwclling-house and store destroyed ; mill saved with difficulty ; T. Hudson's orchard, stable, harness, and carts, etc, burnt; Hooper's house and furniture, E, Stubbs' house and outbuildings, Arthur Davis' barn, sheds, a number of sheep and cattle; Alf.Clennett, all hay and year's crop, all destroyed. " The men at Clennett's mill are left with only what they stand up in. " Alter battling for some hours Trueman had to take refuge in the creek with a boy named Woolley, his wife and child. "Sufferers had to take refuge in Mr. W. Clennett's house, that being the only place left, otherwise if it had got burnt none would have been left to tell tho tale, as they could not get away. " One family (Molloys) came t0 Hobart by the s.s. Ivy yesterday destitute, homo less, and only partly clothed. "Great praise is due to Mr. and Mrs. A. H. Brown (State sohool teachers) for their untiring kindness and attention ; also Mrs. T. Brown and Davis, in providing passage for Molloy and family to town ; likewise to all who assisted in trying to stop tho progress of the fire. " Help is greatly needed for the sufferers, as there are about 50 men out of employ- ment, all of whom have lost their little properties. " Messrs. Brown & Bradshaw"s mill has been burnt completely down." The s.s. Ivy brought up mails yesterday, the road being stopped. The mailman had great difficulty ia getting through. The following message from the operator at Dover was received at the Hobart Post Office yesterday afternoon :-" Terrible fires at Esperance, Three sawmills burned to the ground ; owners, Brown & Bradshaw, A. M, Innes & Co., and W. P. Clennett. Twenty houses totally destroyed ; cattle and horses roasted alive. Mailman 181/2 hours coming 12 miles. Telegraph lines interrupted north and south of Dover. Mails will be forwarded by s.a. Ivy to- morrow. Help is solicited for those who are left without homes or any- thing but what they stand up in." 