BRIAGOLONG. (FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT) Saturday. In my last letter, "reproduction" should have read "'repudiation." Some sentence left out makes my quotation of Biblical history aimless. What I wanted to point out is that to ignore natural laws under any pretext cannot save us from the inevitable natural consequences. Drought is still intense, and likely to con- tinue, unless the Queensland disturbance works towards New South Wales. A good downpour at Sydney generally brings us one here a week later. A strange feature of the heat wave is the intense power of the sun's rays. All the apples, pears and grapes exposed to the direct rays of the sub were scortched adding to the havoc already caused by codlin moth and dry rot for want of sufficient moisture. It would be interesting to know the cause of this intense power of the sun for one or two days over portion of our planet. Raidia- tion from some transit, perhaps, or the shock of two dead wandering worlds ex- ploding in space, and revolving like the sun, a huge mass of gas, may be the cause. A few weeks ago the "Argus" had a ferocious sneer at Briagolong, over some suggestion to the Law Commission by some of our residents. All the papers copied it, but none endorsed it. This is to be re- gretted, for the means proposed to check the career of hardened criminal was most effectual. The Law Commission will never achieve anything equal. If the thing is not practical it is only owing to the number of varieties of imposition, practiced and im- posters tolerated in a self-governing com- munity. I would suggest the proposed swimming matches to be tried with fire raisers first. Could we clear the genus bush-fire raisers what a blessing it would be. But I fear spontaneous combustion has something to do with those fires rising on hot days. Charred logs found at a great depth shows that thousands of years ago forest fires occurred. The lightning alone would start them. Coming from Maffra on the 7th inst., I was near the Boisdale siding, when lightning struck near the old Boisdale homestead. A minute after tongues of flames were seen rising like a flock of red turkeys, dancing about and running pell mell towards the railway bridge. Luckily the men employed there by the Government saw the fire, and belted it out before much damage was done. The lightning was severe also east of Briago- long, and the next day several bush fires were raging between Sawpit Creek and the township. Once started by a burning tree, no one knows where they will stop. We fully share the views of G. S. Cresplin and Sons in reference to the absurd advice given to leave the refining of sugar to the Melbourne refiners—very likely the worst enemies the local production had, has, and would have. The author must take us all for a pack of fools to think we would for one moment place ourselves at their mercy. We feel most grateful to Messrs Crespin for the bold unequivocal tone of his letters to the "Stock News", Maffra. The sooner such nonsenses are definitely settled the better. We had the visit of the Railway Com- missioner, but owing to bush fires and harvest thrashing the attendance was small. Our visitors seemed well impressed of the importance of the Beet Sugar industry, and its promising outlook. Though the trade on our line is at a low ebb, owing to the repeated collapse of the railway bridge, that left us over four years without com- munication, or even roads, the fact re- mains that no line of so small extent traverse a larger quantity of land more suitable for sugar beet. For want of cheap access to markets our land has gone out of cultivation, our saw mills have become extinct, and though the traffic has been re- sumed for over six months those industries are slow in reviving. We have seven hop gardens, half- a-dozen large orchards, and four vineyards. Both wine and cider are produced, and with the help of the sugar beet our line should retrieve its fortunes. To the public spirit exhibited by the present owner of Boisdale and Powerscourt (Messrs Foster and Mills), we owe, no doubt, the favourable impression created. 