Enquiry.— The enquiry conducted by Judge .Gibson into allegations' made by Mr. Dowling against the Police Magistrate concluded yoster- day. 51 witnesses were examined during the enquiry, and the investigations covered a wido area. The Court sat iiotil 11 o'clock on Tuesday and AVedhesday evenings, and two deposition clerks were in attendance, the evidence being type-written. JurigeGibson returns to Sydney to-morrow. It will .probably be 'some titno before the result of the enquiry is known. During the post fortnight the cash tramway patent has been installed iu several leading stores in Grafton. Mr. J. T. M'Kittrick, of the City Stores, introduced the system to Grafton, and the City Stores, both at North and Snuth Grafton, have been fitted up. At the South Grafton stores there are' six stations on the first floor, nnd probably it will be extended to the other departments. At the Grafton Stores four stations.have becn established. The' tramways work very smoothly; and cannot fail to be appreciated. .Messrs; ' Gerard and Co. are also adopting the system at the Clarence River Stores. Prize Distribution. — An interesting service for the children atteuding Lower,. Southgate Sabbath School, of the Presbyterian Church of E. A. , was' held on Tuesday evening. There was a nice gathering of theyoung people with their teachers and friends. The Rev. W. Scott, presided ; and, after devotionnl exercises, spoke on the words, " Behold tliy King cometh unto Thee" (Mat. xxi.5). A number of 'attractive aud useful volumes were then presented to the scholars, whose names were inscribed therein, and with which they seemed highly pleased. Mr. Carter the president, nnd Misses M 'Donald, and M'Keuzie, teachers, joined in the proceed ings.. .At the close a Psalm was sung, and the benediction pronounced by the Pastor. . . Caledonian Society1.— A meeting of the committee ivas held on Monday evening, when the matter of amending the military., events was left with a. sub-committee to confer with the aut horities. It was decided to celebrate St. Andrew's night by a members' social, each member having the privilege of inviting a friend. The judges, &c.;, for New Year's Day were nominated aud other routine business transacted. We tin I erst and that in connection with the Highland Gathering, arrangements have been completed for a military display by the Maclean Scottish Rifles. The company will march through the town, and- subsequently give military exhibitions on the island, in addition to competitions provided on the programme. Purchasing Army Remounts.— The Single ton Argus of tho 18th instant, contains serious reflections regarding the method adopted by Major Thoinpsou, an Imperial Officer who visited the colony a few weeks ago to purchase horses for the British Army. It was understood that only the. best stock would be purchased, and that no iufcrior animals would be taken. Consequently in the distriots which the Major visited, tho good animals were brought for his inspection, but rejected for a much inferior class of animal. In the Singleton district the Mujbr bought a few really good horses. His object was apparently to get cheap animals, and the greatest rubbish was frequently gathered np and sent to the shipping port. One instance is quoted where an animal. which had been sold, out'of the yards a few months previously for 3s, was purchased by the Major for £9, and lie thought he had a bargain. Not only docs tho complaint come from Singleton, but all the surrounding districts endorse it. Major Thompson says he had- to travel 4000 miles to get the few head he did purchare. If the story told by the ARGns is anywhere near the truth, shrew.-l observers might conclude that the 4000- tnile journey was to enable the Major to see the country at the expense of the Imperial Government, This morning we publish some important war news, compiled from American and South African files, aud including full details of the battle of- Elands Laagte. The extracts from the American press, cabled on Tuesday from Auckland, are important as indicating the disturbed nature of British feeling after the capture of the two battalions. The sub-committee appointed by the C. P. and A. Society to arrange for exhibits for the Clarence trophy in the Districts Competition at the Royal Agricultural Show met on Wednes day and appointed sectional committees to arrange for the different classes of produots. It was alsb decided to recommend that raw products'be included in the competition. A young man named Barnes, was fined in the I'arramntta Court for riotous behaviour, and was allowed seven days to pay the fine. Two hours after lie was allowed the time he was looked up for -being drquk aud disorderly, but was bailed out the same afternoon. In less than two hours ho was again arrested for lighting. Barnes holds quite a record.- To be arrested three sepurate times in one day, in oouneotiou with similar clmrgcB, is somotliiug near a record. There is some opposition among Sydney city ind suburban shopkeepers to the provisions of the Early Closing Bill, but it is not of a serious nature. Au effort will be made to iniluee the Legislative Council to reject the measure, but this is hardly likely to succeed. The- Council may not be prepared to go so far on the road of reform as the Assembly, A notable feature of a recent .meeting of small abopkeepers field iu Sydney against tho bill was the romarkable preponderance of foreigners, chiefly Italians and Jews, who attended. There was hardly au Englishman in the room, and it was quite a foreigners' meeting. They objected to tho in fringement of the liberty of tlieBubjeet contained in the proposal to limit the hours of labour, and specially objected to the compulsory closing of shops where the proprietors themselves did all the work. But in Sydney it is time that some thing was done in tills direction for some shops are practically never olnsed from 6 in the morn ing till midnight— Sundays tho same as any other day." This applies more particularly to the Italians in tho fruit trade, who generally work the business in partnerships, nnd give no actual employment. It is very hard. on the others who do employ labor and would desire to close at a reasonable time. At the annual meeting of the Graf ton branch of the W.C.T.U. the President (Mrs. Allen) took someirpnihs"' to explain the objects of the organisation, Some people did not know what they were doing, while others said they tried to do too mucli ; it depended upon the standpoint of the critic. Those who doubted the- wisdom of the Union would lie surprised to learn that its operations embi need 36 or 37 departments. Their object was to be a Home Proteotion Society ; their motto ' For God,- for home, nnd native land," nnd their aim ''Total abstinence' for the individual, and prohibition for the nation." Princess Opera Co. — On Tuesday and Wed nesday evenings the Princess Opera Co. gave very creditable representations of the comic operaH " Falka' and " Manteaux Noirs." Cli mntic nnd other iufiuences militated however against the attendances, which en both evenings were only moderate. Miss Waugenheiin sus tained the principal characters with considerable ability, and she was supported by Misses Meirose Do Vere and Mounser, Messrs. Wilson,' M 'Shane Cato, Clinton, and Stoyie. Their efforts were deserving of better recognition. Last evening the company staged " Rip Van Winkle" meet ing with better encouragement; This.evcning a benefit will be teudercd Miss Wnngenheim, A gentleman now residing iu Syduey, but a few years ago. one of Grafton's most enter prising businessmen, writes: — "I noticed iu tho Argus some weeks ago a suggestion to get up an exploring party to go over Kennedy's new railway route betwoen Grafton and Glen Imies. Has anything been done to follow up the sug gestion ? I think I mny safely nssert there is no part of N.S. W. less known than the 40 or 50 miles north of the road to Glen Innee anil west of Copinanhuret. When a resident of Grafton I made frequent inquiries of people I thought likely to know something about the capabilities of the land in that belt of country, but without much success— " it was too thickly timbered for grass to grow," being their opinion. Whether that is a bar to a railway I canuot say, hut old op'pouents to the direct- western line used to affirm at public meetings " there was not suf ficient grass (oil the first surveyed line) to feed a bandicoot;" . . I think the people of tho Clarence distriut ought to show a little more in terest in the new railway proposal of the Go vernment than they appear to do. Other coun try districts having railway proposals before them arc alive to tho urgency of keeping their claims well before the country ; so far as I can learn in Grafton that, duty has been delegated to the Chamber of Commerce, which meets occasionally, when . correspondence is read and received, but if any discussion thereon1 takes place it is not made public, . . " The Weather and Crops —Alternate days of sunshine and showers, or ncai ly so. lins caused an unparalleled growth in all growing crops in this favoured district, and probably the Clarence district never looked better, than it does just now. Stock of all kinds are in excellent condi tion, nnd grass plentiful ; indeed the only fear of graziers is inability to keep down the luxuriant herbage before the bush-fire senson , sets in. Arrangements are being made by his Excel lency Lord Brassey to leave Victoria early next year, probably in January; . When Lord Brassey arrived in Victoria, to assume office as Governor of the colony, he made the voyage out from England on board his own yacht, the Sunbeam, accompanied . by Lady Brassey. Ho intends making the voyage baok on the same vessel,' but will take a different liiiil somewhat longer. route. Sailing from Melbourne, . Lord Brassey will probably make Freemantle his Hist port of call. The Sunbeam will then touch at Geraldton, and pioceed via Sourabaya, Singapore, and Pennng to Ceylon, After calling nt Seychelles and Madagascat, a coureo will be set for Dejagon Bay and round the coast to Capetown, and thence to Plymouth direct.- Lady Brassey will in ail probability accompany Lord Brassey ou board the Sunbeam as far as Capetown, and finish the voyage to England by a mail steamer. Lismojif. Council,— The Lismore Council re sumed business last Monday, when the minutes of the meeting which occasioned the "burst up" were confirmed. A motion was moved that the Council expresses its disapprobation that the Bransgroove agreement had not been sent for signature. This led to a long discussion, in . which Aid. Norris said Aid. Barrie was not acting as a gentleman, He refused to withdraw or apologise, and the clerk was instructed to take tho words down. The Mayor deolieed to answer a question as to whether the bond had been forwarded for signature. The first motiou to rescind the sanitary contract was lost on the voices, and four aldermen left the room. This left the meeting without a quorum, and they had to adjourn. Manufacturing Progress. — The Melbourne .Argus is collecting statistics, and publishing articles upon the manufacturing industries of New South Wales and Victoria. The effects of the Argus! articles are to show that New South Wales is a- greater manufacturing country than its ueighbour. The figures of certain iudustiies are quoted in the last articlo and show that 10,546 women were employed in these branches as against 5984 in New South Wales. 'Hie authorities are not complete with all the figures dor the past year, but the paper arrives at the' conclusion that £41,189 is paid weekly in wages iu Victoria as against £55,814 in this colony. The report of the orbiters, in the arbitration case City Counoil v. Messrs. Phippnrd Brothers, upon tho letter's claim for £20,000 odd for extras in connection with tho superstructure contract for the Queen Victoria Market, build ings, has been received by the Mayor. The proceedings have been going on for tiie list couple of months,. Tho contracters originally sent in a- claim for over £13,000, and the council offered something like £2000. The umpire has awarded Messrs. -Phippard Brothers £-1184 9s 5d, the council at the same time to pay one-fifth — or £131 18s8d— of the cost of the award. Some consternation has been caused amougat some of the miners at the Blaynoy copper rmne by the visitations of a ghost in one of the shafts- The men hear strange noises, bells ringing, singing, groauings, ate, Miners going below have their candles extinguished by a super natural visitor, aud some of the men allege that something brushed passed them'. 'Six men have left the mine owing to the terror tho ghost has inspired. Ladies Btiller and White, have appealed for fuuds to provido Christmas comforts for tho British troops and tboir families, Very heavy rain fell at Southgate on Wed nesday evening. Mr. C. F. Xindal, of Ramornie, has donated £15 15s to the N.S.W. Patriotic Fund. An Anglican fair, nt Feriimouut, which was opened by Rev. R. Fuirhrothcr, realised £38, The Inverell Caledonian Society made a profit of £65 on their gathering. . Burglars stole -two clips from Hales,' the one time jockey, last week, The Afiie took.lhe largestqnantity of Austra lian products which has left these shores iu one bottom. Mr John A. M'Gnbben, Grand Seoretnry of tiie Grand United Order of OddfcilowB.died ou Monday. Mr. M 'Master, (of Nesbitt and M'Mastcr, Lismore), has returned to the colony after a visit to England. The death of Mr. H. N. Abbott, the well- ' known theatrical manager, in announced from New Zealand. Lord Kitchener lias arrived- at Khartoum,' .whence ho telegraphs that the Khalita is at West Dnein. '. Eighteen heavy Krupp 'guns, intended ' for the Transvaal, have been detained by the authorities at Hamburg. The 17th Lancers,' fivo regiments of infantry, and six batteries of Royal Artillery are mobilising at Aidershot. Tho deaths are announced of Mr7W. B. Mitchell (of Tooth and Co.) and Mr W. W. Wnrdcll one of the oldest and most eminent architects of Sydney'! The body of a painter, William Jewell, who bad been dead forsomc days, was discovered in au untenanted, house at Bathurst, , At a meeting' of -ratepayers of Lambton municipality,, it -.was", decided not to pay the lighting rote which had been levied, .The Victorian Government has decided to at once proceed with" the construction of a traffic bridge over the Murray River at Cobrani. . Three Victorian grocers were fined £-2 cacli Hie other day for selling "baby" bottles of champagne coutaiuiug less than the Imperial pint. In each. case-it was shown that the bottles weie'sold singly for. use iu a sick room. The Full Court granted a new trial ih tiie aotion — Low v. Fairfax— on the ground that the judgo was in error in directing the jury, as a matter of law, that thero was an implied agreement for notice, as it wob a matter essen tially for the jury to determine. ' The Victorian' Public Service Board last week advertised for 30 junior clerks, nnd received 958 applications. At the same time they asked for nve assistants no sue nnrary, inn applicants to have matriculated and to have a knowledge of certain foreign languages, There were just three applicants. < An epidemic.of influenza is raging in Dukbo. All the members of the laud board were attacked in one week, one of the three (Mr D. Sonne) fatally. The C.P.S. is only just recovering. Many business men and artisans are incapaci tated, also departmental officers, aldermen, and magistrates. The following portions of laud, having been declared forfeited, will be open for homestead selection on November 30: Portions 188-189, area 301 acres, parish of Coldstream ; annual 'rent £1 16s 2d, survey fee £6 8s 9d. Dr. Fraser, the viotim of the St. ICilda shoot ing episode, stateB he will continue to reside in Melbourne, but will not practice his profession there. Three proposals to . construct railways by private enterprise n;rc"nnw under the consider- ation of the Queensland. Government-,. Dr. Whittle, Surgeon .' Dentist, announces this morning that he intends permanently re siding in Grafton, having, taken a lease of the premises lately occupied by the late Dr. Hedley. Four tenders have beon' received for contract No. I. (manufacture of ironwork) for bridge over the -Clarence River at T-iliulam, that of Pope, Maiien-bnd Co., £1357 4s, being the lowest. At the Police Court, 'on Monday, before Messrs. - L, JaoobslviandvT. Page, Js. P., Bert Bass was proceeded against. for £2 16a, due on a maintenance order. £2 had been paid into; Court, and a verdiotiiyas given for the. balance. J Tiie death was announced on Monday of Mr; . William Baillie, and'old nnd respected resideiit of,Codriugton,.R,R.,,.He hud attained the-, age of 71 years. The President of the Grafton branch of. the W.C.T.U. sues n .'danger looming ahead to the peace , and well being of the community In the proposal to legalise the totnlisator. Mrs. Allen, however, was candid, and admitted nt the anuunl meeting of the branch that she did not exactly understand what the totnlisator meant, beyond that it was some-sort of a machine to make gambling easier. Any form of gambling was repugnant to the Union, and tiiey were determined to bitterly oppose it. News by the Tai-b has often been utilised by a hold speculator for the speedy accumulation of a vast fortune. Knowledge is power in every avenue of life when properly wielded. The. proprietor of Hollowoy's Pills and Ointmeut is fully alive to this' fact, and knowing their value as a cure for all diseases, lie has : made their merits-known hi all parts of the world, Commercial men who, to keep pace with the times, have always to work at high pressure should never be without it supply1 of these valuable medicines. They purify the blood, strengthen the stomach, qnicken the circulation and- invigorate the system.- For nervous or neuralgic headache, no remedy lias been found to match them in excellence. The annual report of the registrar of friendly' societies and building societies in Queensland slioivs a remarkable progress. The income of tiie year 1898 was £89,000, and the payments for benefit £60 000. . The figures for the year 1889, 10 years ago; were £51,000 and £30,000 respectively. The membership last year was 27,000, with a capita! of £202.000. The figures for 10 years ago wore .14,000 and the capitul £92,000. The female membership has increased wonderfully during the past few years. At a'meeting of the residents of Dnbbo and district on Saturday a motion was passed pro testing against the action of the Railway Commissioners in writing a letter to the Premier advocating the Mudgeo route to Coonamble. ' - The shilling fund inaugurated by tho London " Daily Telegraph " towards the relief of the widows, and orphaus.of the aoldiera'killed in the battle amounts to £45,000. The. salo of - Mr. Kipling's poem on the war, the proceeds of which are to be devoted to the relief fnnd, Ims realised £10,000. Business. — Business has been exceedingly dull in Grafton during the. past few weekB, and what little hg's peen 'traugaoted has been mainly confined to everyday requirements. Air. though closely approaching midsummer, t lie demand for summer goods so far. hiB been njost ' meagre in comparison with former seasons, pro bably owing to tiie almost daily change iu the weather from moderate heat to almost winter's cold. There have been very few visitors to town from the country distriots, and those wbo come in mnlie straight for the hanks. to deposit tiieir mouthly cheques or agent's remittance. It is anticipated, however, t here will he a great revival iu the storekceping business, at least, within a few days. Cl.AUKES Womn-FAMED BLOOD MIXTURE; — " Tho mast searching Utood Cleansor that science and medical skill have brought to light." Sufferers from . Scrofula, Scurvy , Eczema, Bad Logs, Skin and Blood Diseases, Pimples aud Sores of any kiud.nro solicited tii give it a trial io test its value. Thousunds of ! wonderful cures have keen effected by.it. Bottles 2s | 6d each, sold o very whore. Bowuro of worChless imitations nnd substitutes. I -At Mudgec, a lad was watciing a horse at the I river, and Imd the halter tied to his wrist. The animal bolted, and dragged the unfortunate boy along the ground for several hundred yards. ' He was terribly injured. The officer in charge of the Salvation Arniy at Marricki'iile has applied to tho. local counoil for an exemption in respect of the payment- of rates on the army barracks, on the ground that they are imed exclusively for religious purposes, The matter was referred to the finance com mittee for report. The Kaiser's visit to Euglaud is unpopular ill Germany. 