VICTORIAN VILLAGE SETTLEMENTS. RETURN OF MR. McINTOSH. Mr. Mcintosh, the Inspector of the South Australian Village Settlements, who has been visiting and inspecting the- A "ictorian village settlements ior purjioses of comparison previous to being called to give evidence before the Renmark and Village Settlements Royal Commission, now- holding its sitting?:, returned by the overland express on Thursday morning. Some weeks ago i!ie A ictorian Minister of Lands issued a report on the village settlements, stating that there were eighty-one settlements, and giving other figures; and it was with the idea of verifying i he=e aud inspecting the irrigation systems in vogue in the neighbouring colony, so that, before advising the Commission for its final report, he could be thoroughly conversmt with the Victorian systems, that .ur. Mcintosh visited Victoria. Chatting to a representative of "'The Register" on Wednesday afternoon Mr. Mcintosh said— "'Accompanied by Mr. J. Thomas, Chief of the Village Settlements Bnmeh of the Victorian Lands Department, I visited the Ivoo-wee-rup settlement, in North Grpps- Iand, and found 300' settlers on the land. They Lave stock to the value of £6,000 and improvements worth £37,000, while they have cleared 2.300 acres. The land is of the Nangkita. Swamp class, and has been drained by the Government and allotted to settlers at valuations ranging from £1 10s. to £G per acre. The village settlements system in Victoria is practically the same as that adopted in connection with the homestead blocks in South Australia, the only difference being that the settlers are banded together as communities away from the centres of i>opulation, and are dependent upon their elforts for a livelihood. They wc-re advanced under the Act at the rate of £50 for a married man and £30 for a single man, no interest being charged on the money, which is to be repaid in twenty years. The industries are dairying and root crops, and one block which had been worked for five years last year returned £300. From here I visited Scoresby (Si settlers) and Monbulk (48 settlers), in the Dandenong Ranges. The laud is heavily timbered, an ! enst from £20 to £30 to, clear. The settlers principally are engaged in raspberry culture. The product—sometimes as much as 25 cwt. per acre—is sold at the rate of 3d. per lb. ior pulping. Both settlements have the makings of good homes, and in time some will become practically independent. The same may be said regarding a number of the settlers of Koo-wee-rup on the better class of land, or who possess any practical knowledge of t&eir; work. "The Echuca settlement, with 80 settlers, was next inspected- It is situated on the banks of the Murray, and the coumtrv is what is generally called second-grade box. The place stands a chance of being flooded at high water, but the defect could easily be remedied by the raising of an embankment of 2 or 3 ft. Settlers practically do northing but grow cereals, bnt I don't know where they would be were it net for the fact that the Water Trust hare already constructed main drains, which convey the water from the Go album Valley Water district, whieh it is intended to supply at the usual rates; and, of course, they are thus enabled to go in for intense culture. /Talking about the Goulburn Valley, I visited the Shepparton and Mooroopna settlements in the va/lley. The soil is of a fairly good character. "Settlers, however, cannot make a living on their blocks, and will have to depend on outside work to a great extent for a livelihood. Xhe blocks are only of small area*. While in the district I inspected the Mooroopxia Wine aad Distillery Company's new cellars, which were started in February, 1898. They have a very promising institution, and have already 51,800 gallons of wine m stock, while 13,000 gallons has been soH. The wines produced have been -principally claret and burgundy. It might be mentioned 'that tbey have secured awards, including the Dijon, in France. Wine promises to become an important industry in the Goulbam Valley. "The Ardmona Fruit and Irrigation Colony also claimed my attention. While in the district I had the pleasure of inspecting the property 'of Mr. West, one of the most advanced horticulturists of the day. Pears and apricots on the settlement look particularly well; in fact, the settlement as a whole has a very promising outlook. I do not think we need fear competition from this quarter in the production of oranges and lemons, as the aoil and climate seem anything but suitable to their growth. The Goulburn Valley Weir I visited for the purpose of obtadmng figures and facts regarding irrigation, and after ithoroughly inspecting the construction I unhesitatingly declare that it is the fihest scheme in Australia. The settlers, however, do not seem to recognise the value of irrigation. At the present time there is a water Bill before the Victorian Assembly, which' I understand is for the bettering of the system of rating and distributing water generally. "My visit ,to the Leongatha labour colony, in South Gippsland, was full of interest. It comprises 800 acres, 220 of which are entirely and the remainder partially cleared. At the present time there are 178 workers in the place, and during its six years' existence no fewer than 3,506 persons have passed through the books. It is principally a settlement for the purpose of providing honest unemployed men with work, the only disqualifications being over the age of fifty-five years, illhealth, and a criminal record. The total cost to the. State since the inception of the settlement has been £19,446, including £815 special grant on account of the recent bushfires, while the assets are £17,640, leaving a debit of £1,900; but from this £990 outstanding accounts must be deducted. The principal source of revenue is the cattle, of which there are 69 milch cows, averaging 40 in milk for the season, and these yielded £439 worth of produce. I consider the labour colony a decided advantage to the country, as it gives bona-fide unemployed a chance of improving their position." Speaking generally of his impressions, Mr. Mcintosh said that he considered, it a great mistake not to 'have a supervisor in Victoria to guide and direct inexperienced settlers. Several times he noticed men, through inexperience, not taking the best possible advantage of -the position. He has many suggestions for the improvement of the South Australian settlements, and will communicate these to the Royal Commission. He is much impressed with the labour-colony idea. 