CHAPTER III. Early marriages are not, or, at least, were not, encouraged in Devonshire. 1 Mr. and Mrs. Frayling for a long time 1 opposed the idea of Pierce entering into such a solemn engagement and re sponsibilities at such an early age. As week after week went by, however, and the person chiefly concerned de clared that he had made up his mind to float his little capital in the promis ing, if not promised, land of Australia; that he had promised to marry Hagar Blaydon, and she had promised to be his wife; that he could not think of commencing a new life in a distant land without her, and yet that his perfect restoration to health required the change, they at last reluctantly consented. Tho greatest opposition arose from Philip Blaydon, who could not think of parting with his chief comfort, help, and solace in life, his dear Hagar. The difficulty was a serious one until at last Blaydon him self solved it by resolving to sell his farm and stock and cast in his lot with the young people. His younger daugh ter, Dotty, would bo able to look after him, and as to Pierce's parents, they had another son, Leonard, who was now getting old enough to tako his brother's place, while Silas Pratt and his wife would still retain their son, Harry, or Areli, as their mainstay. All this time the last-named youth was suffering the pangs of disappointed love, and anticipating tho separation from all and everything boside his parents that he hold dear in tho world. Ho went about, molancholy of mood and manner, and sick at heart, while all around seemed too busy even to notice his condition. But time waits for no man, be he gentle or simple, merry or melancholy, and soon tho day arrived when a party, consisting of Mr., Mrs., and Leonard Fray ling, Mr. and Mrs. Pratt and Harry wore on board tho "Bonny Yarra " at Plymouth to pay a lingering farewell to their lifelong friends, good Silas Pratt and his daughters, tho elder of whom, a youthful brido of seven days, stood afterwards on the poop ladder with her right arm passed through tho left of her husband, and her two hands clasped in each other, until the ship stood well out to sea, and ultimately became invisible. For fully five .years after tho great event recorded above, matters moved on much as usual in tho quiot Devon shire valley. Very few strange oither in features or fashion found their way to interrupt the even current of tho lives of the residonts of the village of Pendeno. Harry Pratt's grief for his lost love did not kill him, but it increased his reserve, while tho removal of Pierco took away the prop upon which lie had leaned—perhaps too much-—and taught him to look within himself for resolu tion and decision. Many letters had been received from Pierce detailing the movements of his party in the new land, and many a summer's evening in the porch of one or other of the farms, or in winter by the capacious and cheerful chimney corner, did the Fraylings and tho Pratts, with their two sons, pay grave attention to tho interesting itcnis re corded by Pierce's facilo pen, somowhat to tho following effect:— First, their impressions, and inci dents connected with their voyage, and their safe arrival at Melbourne. Then, their journey up country through tho bush—so unlike the green woods of Devon—and their stay and final settlement on somo land near tho borders of New South Wales. Next came a description of Blaydon and Frayling's selection near Bogles Gap; the clearing operations—the difficulty of gotting assistance owing to the attack of gold fever from which the colony of Victoria was then suffering, finishing for a time with the assurance that they were all well and happy, had a hundred or two acres under cultiva- | tion j also two or three extensive paddocks with plenty of grass, with | sheep to eat it, and taking it for all in all they were perfectly contented with their lot. ' Some months then intervened, and a letter in a black-bordered envelope arrived to announce the death of Hagar's father. He died rather sud denly, and left all his possessions to Pierce. ' Again a long period elapsed, and then came a very long letter telling of disastrous times having befallen them —continuous droughts, sheep disease, a bush-fire, destroying standing corn, and a cloud of minor troubles, known only to, but known well by many who, like Pierce Frayling, have left all else to commence a new life with tolerably good prospects. And now we find Harry with a doleful ditty from Pierce to his father, reading to the usual audience tho alarming statement that he, Pierce, had been obliged to borrow money largely of the banks, and was almost hope lessly involved; indeed, unless the then present season should prove a wonder fully good one, a preclosure would on sue, and they would have to leave Bogles Gap homeless and ruined. Now awoke tho slumbering reserve power hitherto hidden in Harry's breast. He pictured to himself the condition of his dearest friends as worse oven than it really was. Pierce, his boyhood's faithful companion, who had saved his life ; Hagar, whose image was still his ideal of womanly perfec tion; the youthful and lively Dotty, whom he had often nursed on his knee, to say nothing of tho splendid boy who had been added to the little colonial family two or three years before; these to suffer undeservedly in such a shape. The heroic spirit again awoke within him. Something must and should be done, and that speedily. Two years previously to this, Mr. and Mrs. Pratt, feeling they were getting into years, and knowing that | their son had no inclination for farm ing, hud resolved to sell. Just at this juncture when the letter from Pierce arrived conveying suoh alarming news, they had completed a transfer with most satisfactory terms, and found themselves with ample provision for the remainder of their days. Moreover, they had been laying aside for Harry ever since he was born, and this portion now, with interest, made a considerable sum. His whole soul being set upon rescuing his friend from his dilemma, he easily persuaded his fond parents to grant him the means, and heralding his coming with an en couraging epistle, took an early oppor tunity of starting for Australia. About three months after Harry Pratt had dispatched his letter to Pierce, the sun was setting behind some low hills which marked the termination of Blaydon and Fray ling's selection, Bogles Gap, Victoria. Round the small, but neat and comfortable homestead, 'signs of life usual to a colonial farm were apparent, but one must have been able to peep through the open door to discover Pierce Frayling and his wife sitting in serious consultation side by side, while Hagar's sister, Dotty, now a handsome copy of the former, was tr^ug to quiet the childish shoutu etntica of a noble boy of four. Pierce had developed into a tall, broad-shouldered, bronzed woodman, while sweet Hagar had scarcely altered in form or feature. But, for all that, care was setting on each brow, and anxiety filled tho hoartss of tho loving couple as they talked of their future. ' All depends on to-morrow,' said Pierce, ' whether wo go or stay, my darling, but it will seem hard to lose all after such a struggle as we have had. I have to meet Mr. Struttatthe Bank in Hanglong at twelve, when he will pay me for the few fat sheep left me, and give me his best opinion of what we should do. In the meantime, Hagar, dear, pray that this last greatest calamity of all may be spared us.' Twenty miles had Pierce to ride the next day to transact his business, which might occupy an hour or two, during which time his horse would feed. Hngar would not expoct him homo before dark, ■ when ho hoped to bo able to see a way out of their difficulties. Punctually at twelve Mr. Strutt rnei Pierce at tho Bank and handed him over a bundle of notes, taking his receipt in return. Pierce, while counting the bank-rotes, dropped one, which was returned to him by a swarthy, coarse-looking man, in a drab" billycock hut, evidently a rouseaboul on a station. Pierce thanked him, but could not help observing his low for bidding-looking brow. Mr. Strutt, who was a largo sheep owner of tho district, felt an interest in Pierce and his fortunes, and sug gested a .scheme which, in the evont of his hoving to forfeit his selection, would still afford a chance of success in life, and Pierce set out on his journey homeward, his notes in his breast- pocket, with a lighter heart than ho had felt for some time. Daylight was already on the decline, and Pierco was within about two miles of his own home, passing a gloomy piece of road with thick bush on one aide and a deep gully, from which the plnco took its name, on the other, when a horsoman suddenly seemed to spring up from the gully and seized the rein of Pierce's horse, at tho same time presenting a revolver and shouting in a peremptory tono, " Hands up! Quick!" Bofore Pierce had timo to reply or comply, a dark figure ran from the bush on tho other side, and presenting a rovolver at the back of the first man, fired. Tho bullet evidently took effect, for tho would-bo robber fell headlong from his steed, tho pistol flying from his hand on to tho road. Pierco hastened to dismount and thank his deliverer. Tho light; was hardly sutlicient now to distinguish features, but quite good enough to draw out simultaneously from tho lips of the two men tho exclamations, "Piorce! Harry 1" Wonderful as it may seem, it was indeed tho hand of Pierce's old and dear chum that had thus so opportunely wiped out the debt so long owing,' as . well as gratifying tho Hebrew signifi-. cation of his name " Areli," heroic I The robber was recognised by Pierce; as the man who had restored the fallen', note in the Bank. He was shot through the shoulder and could not stir, but not mortally wounded. The police wore soon on the spot, and recognised in Pierce's assailant the noted bushrangor, Jack Hill ton, the perpetrator of more than one murder, and for whoso capture the sum of one thousand pounds' reward was offered, and in due course received by Harry. What a joyful home-coming for Hagar ; and what a surpriso for Harry when, after mistaking Dotty for-her sister, he felt that after all another; Hagar had been waiting for him in the wilderness. • Little more remains to be 'said.' Pierce was rescued in time, for Harry insisted on his sharing the., rewards. 'It's true,' he said, 'if I had not been:. there you might have lost your life, but if you hadn't been there I should have had no one to shoot. Besides,' he added, 'we have always been friends, and soon, unless Dotty objects, we shall be brothers.' . Dotty didn't object, and so the selection, the stock, and the home stead remained as before; with the. addition of Harry's name as part, owner, he having to the satisfaction of ; all paid "Full Compensation." 