Disastrous Bush Fires. — ♦ A NUMBER OF FARMERS RUTNED. One of the most terrible and disastrous bush fires ever experienced in the Albury district broke out on Wallan dool station, about 40 miles north of the Murray, on Saturday. During the whole of Saturday and Sunday it raged with fury that was overpower ing, and which nothing could resist, in face of '.he high hot wind and inflam mable nature of the country affected Tho fire originated on !he farm of Mr. John Krutzer, a farmer on Wallandool, and from there it devastated 10 miles of country, consuming thousands of acres of grass and growing crops. Th« dny was warm and windy, and within a few moments of the outbreak the fire was being carried along with appalling rapidity, sweeping crops and grass be fore it over a face of many miles of vell-populated country. Men turned out in scores to ? try and combat the flames, but all their efforts' were futile against such elements. The whole of Krutzer's crop, machinery, and other property, the homestead excepted, were destroyed within a very short time. The 6re travelled thence to Culonirn (a change of wind occurring), and cleared out several farms. On Saturday night and on Sunday moru mg tho wind blew a gab from the north. A terrible spectacle was pre sented. It crossed over to Henty, Walla Walla, and Kirndeon, where 3000 acres of growing crops were de stroyed. Oue share farmer named Paech had the whole of his property burn', together with American and other agricultural uinchincry. The 3000 acres' of crop burnt on Kirnduen were estimated to yield from 4 to 7 bags to the acre. One of the most dis tressing cases in connection with the deplorable visitation was that of Mr John Schoff, who lost the whole of his crop, homestead and other property. Many other farmers are reported to have' fared but little better, and on all sides the scene is one of deso'ation. All Sunday the fire travelled, with ir resistible force, the day being one of th« worst tha*' could bo imagined for coping with the flames. Eventually it swept right up to Culcairn,' and was only checked a little distance from the Culcairn Hotel. At this point a large body of men were all day fighting the fire, but only with indifferent success. The ten miles of country passed over between Wallandool and Culcairn was well populated, and contained many fine crops. On Wallandool and Doodle Ooonin, about 1500 acres of crops were destroyed. Later reports state that Maginnes, farmer, on Kirndeen, lost his homestead and whole of his machinery, outhouses, etc, and a si mi Jar fate befel Mr. Shany, a Doodle Oooma farmer. Two farn.ers named Stewart lost all their crop, as also did Mr. Halleit, while another farmer named Sauuders lost the whole of his 300 acres of wheat at Culcairn. At Kirndeen tnc flames spread with smh rapidity that the bullocks in some of the paddocks affected could not get out of the way in time, and perished. At Molong on Monday a bush fire passed completely through Mr. Lance Smith's Barce station. It was two miles wide, a solid mass of flame, fre quently 50ft. high. One can now lido anywhere on the run, nearly all the fences being destroyed. The land was thickly covored with light timber, broken from the trees by the snow storm last winter. Other parts of that district were swept, leaving many people penniless. At Orookwell on Tuesday disastrous bush fires raged. One woman and several children are reported missing. Tranter's Inn, at Blanket Flat, was burned to the ground. Sheep, cattle, and horses have perished in large numbers. A telegram was received on Tuesday evening from Mr. Web ster's, at Binda, asking for 20 men to be sent out to combat the flames at his selection, and 12 mea were des patched. Details of the bushfires at Puikes show that about 40 families have los' tlie products of the year or an equiva lent. One man fainted thr*e times from over-exertion in trying to save his household effects. Despite his «uurw no tailed, tho whole being Inimed, though his house was saved. Both fires occurred in the midst of a number of small farms, and ths loss will have to be borne by poor men. The distress of the women was piti able Many parts of the Grenfell district were swept by destructive fires. The flames : spread with increditable rapidity Tlje country is devastated in all directions, and there are miles of blackened ecu Ury. Fuller particulars of the recent bush fires show that the whole coun try for 00 miles around Young was devastated. j One fatal accident is reported. A young man named wimmings, a farmer at Calabash, while with his brothers stripping wheat observed the fire approaching, and requested his brothers to secure the stripper while ho went to look after the safoty of his house, about a quurlor of a mile distant. He left for that purpose, riding through the lire, and on the way nio1: a neighbor named Crowe, who offered to assist mm. On arrival at his homestead he found it ablaze, and tried to save . his furniture. It is assumed that he be came exhausted, fell into tho (ire, and wasbmned to death, being litorally roasted. The body was rescued by his companion and carried to the resi dence of a neighbor. Mr. L. R. Tierny, a resident of Young while riding from onun.ro to another on Monday hud both his collarbones dislocated, owing to his horse falling with him. The sceuo of th« lireB from tho high ground ?t 