GRASS FIRE ON HOWLONG STATION. (FHOM a GU.IIlAIi CORRESPOND!!, XT. Gu.s'iiar, Wednesday. . un luosuay atternoon, :i7th instant, much oxcitement was caused at Carrego, tho buck station of Howlong, by tho arrival of a trem bling white-faced hoy driving the ration cart at full gallop right up to the homestead. As soon as tho lad could speak he informed his employer, Mr. Lamb, that while returning from Carrathool with stores, a bush fire had suddenly broken out behind him in the neichbourhood of tho ' Twelvn.Milo Whim » and that not carina for being roasted alive ho had driven homo as fast as tho old miiro could go, leaving tho stores, consisting of a bag of sugar, aliag of potatoes, and sundry parcels at intervals along the road. But faster than travelled boy, mare and cart arose tho rolling smoke, warning tho wliolo countryside, like the beacon-fires of old, that their arch-enemy was at hand. Soon from all parts of tho compass could bo seen horsemen galloping, spring carts sulkies, buggies loaded to their utmost capacity with human freight, with here and there a solitary cyclist, all hurrying towards the danger signal, all eager to do their level best to stop tho ravagos of the devouring fiond. At Carrogo prompt measures were tuken. A team of six horses wore soon harnessed to a three-furrow plough, and strenuous efforts wero mado to enclose the fire, which efforts wore evontually successful. Wonderful aud cffectiva work was doiio:by Mr. J. Hay-Fowler's invention, the .Gr'ass Firo Extinguisher. Two of them wero on the scono— ono from Uardry, the othor froin Howlong— oach with u four-in-lmnd tcatii. Tliore is no doubt that 01100 the best motliod of using these sprinklers has beon thoroughly grasped, the danger of bush-fires, at least on tho plains, will bo reducod to a minimum. Last night great delay and inconvonionco wero causcd by tho untractahility of tho loadors. Notwithstanding tho good work actually dono. I believo, had two horses only been used, tho pace slightly reduced, and tho spray of water been directed moro to tho front, that yet moro satisfactory work could have boon accomplished. How ovor, everyone seemed to I10 doing their vory utmost, so that by about 9.30 p.m., tho fires wero well under control. Beforo another hour had elapsed tho majority had departed for their respoctivo homos. Everything that was possible was dono by tho ouergotic Mr. Lamb to supply the willing worknrs with temporary refreshment, con. sisting of hot tea, eatables, and dimerous hags of water ; und some Good Samaritan also brought something to kill tho microbe in the latter commodity. All tho surrounding stations wore well represented. Jt lie gonial manager of How long, Mr. John Mather, was ably assisted by Mossrs. J. Armstrong, Lamb, and Mills in the management of tho extinguishing party. Iu addition to tho station people and tho settlors of the noiglibourhoc) 1, a strong con ?tingont of townspeople was supplied from Carrathool. . Too much praiso oanuot bo given to 'the station hands and volunteers for the untiring manner in whioh they worked until tlioy had got tho firo under. , In.ull, tho firi; travailed about niut'milos, b'nb rorfcu'ntitely w»s pot allowed t-j wW»n to any ^rent cxtcut. I should think that fully tan thousand acres of Howlong grass must hare been destroyed. ' This is tho socond fire scare we havo had at Gunbar within five years. (from our own correspondent.) Carrathool, Thursday. A buth fire broke out on Tuesday afternoon on Howlong, about twelve miles from here. It burnt a Btrip about three-quarters of a mile wide to Carrego, burning a portion of Merrivalc. About two thousand acres were burnt. Two of Fowler's Extinguishers were in action, and did splendid work — in fact, one would hardly credit what they are cap&bleof; doing unless they saw it for them selves. 