BUSH FIRES EXTENSIVE FIRE AT YOUNG. — o— FIFTY MILES OF COUNTRY TRAVERSED. ' A MAN BURNED TO DEATH. YOUNG, Tuesday. Fuller particulars of "the bush fires which occurred on Saturday. Sundsiy, and yesterday show that the whole country for 50 miles around was devastated. One fatal accident is reported. A young man named Outmniugs, a farmer at Calabash, while with his brothers stripping wheat observed the fire approaching, and requested bis brothers to secure the stripper while he went to look after the safety of his house, about a quarter of'a mile distant. He left for that purpose, riding through the tire, and on the way met a neighbour limned Crowe, who otfered to assist him. On arriving at his homestead he found it abiaze, and tried to sive his furniture. It is assumed that he became exhausted, fell into the fire, and was hurt to death, being literally roasted. The body was rescued by his companion and carried to the residence of a neighbour, where a magisterial inquiry will bo held. Mr L. R. "fiorney, a resident of Young, whilfe riding from one tire to another on Monday, had both his collarbones dislocated, owing to his horse falling with him. The scene of the tires from the high ground on the Grenfell road on Monday night was one of awful grandeur. For a radius of 50 miles in every direction ex:ept to the south it was a seething furnace. To ennumerate those who escaped would be a far easier tusk than to name those who suffered from the fire. Nearly all the principal stationholders and fanners around Young, Marengo, and Monteagle lost their crops, grass, and fencing. A large number of stud and station sheep were destroyed on the Stoney Creek and Calabash holdings, the latter, including a beautiful two-storied stone homestead, was completely gutted. On the Brundah estate 3000 acres of wheat on the halves system was destroyed. A few only of homesteads, stacks, standing crops were insured. CANOWINDRA, Tuesday. Intense heat has prevailed for two days 106 degrees being registered. Last night there were reflections of, bush fires on three sides of the town! Hundreds of acres of grass, wheat crops, and stock have been burnt. CARCOAR, Tuesday. A fire which commenced near swallow Creek has spread over 20 miles. Another large fire broke out yesterday between Carcoar and Blayney.- 