20,000 BAGS OF WHEAT DESTROYED. I Corowa, Monday. One of the most disastrous bushfires ever experienced in the district broke out at Wallandool station, about 40 miles north of tbe Murray, on Satur day. During the whole of Saturday and Sunday it raged with a fur)- which nothing could resist in face of a high hot wind ana the lnliammatory nature of the country affected. The fire originated on the farm of Mr John Krutzer, at Wallandool, and from there it devastated 10 miles of country I consuming thousands of acres of grass 1 and growing crops. The day was warm and windy, and within a few moments of the outbreak tbe fire was being carried along with appalling rapidity, sweeping crops and grass be fore it over the face of many miles of well populated country. Men turned out in scores to try aud combat the flames, but all their efforts were futile. Mr Krutzer's crop; machinery, and other property were destroyed within a very short time. The fire travelled thence to Culcairn, and clcarcd out several farms. The wind was blowing a gale yesterday morning, and the fires crossed over to Henty, Walla Walla, and Kirndeen, where 2,000 acres of crop were destroyed. One share fanner , named Peach had tbe whole of his ' crop burned, together with a winnower I and other agricultural machinery. I The 2,000 acres of crop burnt on Kirndeen was estimated to yield from four to seven bags to the acre. One of the most distressing cases in con nection with the fire was that of Mr John Schoff, who lost the whole of his cropf homestead, and other property. Many other farmers are reported to have fared but little better, and on all hands the scens is one of desolation. All day yesterday the fire travelled with irresistible force, and eventually . it swept right up to Culcairn, and was I only checked a little distance from tbe Culcairn Hotel. At this point a large body of men were out all day fighting | the fire, but with indifferent' success for some time. The 10 miles of coun tiy passed over between Wallandool and Culcairn were well populated, and contained many fine crops. On Wal landool and Doodle Cooma about 1,500 acres of crops were destroyed, while on Kirndeen the destruction covered nearly 3,000 acres of crops. Later reports stats that Mr Magin nis, a farmer on Kirndeen, lost his homestead and tlie whole of his ma chinery, outhouses, -irc., and a similar fate befell Mr Shannassy, a Doodle Cooma farmer. Two farmers namxi Stewart lost all their crops, as also Mr | Hallettv, while Mr Saunders lost the j whole of his 300 acres of wheat. At | Culcairn tbe fire burnt right up to tlte I railway station yard, and tbe kitchen of an cngijiedriver residing there caught fire. At Kirndeen a mob of bullocks were destroyed. It estimated that the loss of wheat so far has amounted to about 20,000 bags. t)flier fires are reported from Ma hongaand Huon. Elaborate prepara tions are being made to combat the flames. Several unfortunate farmers ; working on the share system had to j watch their years labor being de stroyed. It is feared that the extent of the destruction is very great. Messrs G. Linke and D. O'Shannassy lost all their crops except some 50 bags. Wangaratta, Monday. Business is entirely suspended, and there are 1,000 fire-fighters at work. The losses comprised only grass and '? fencing, the principal losers being Mr Jas. Moloney, 100 acres t Mr R. Allen, ! 100 acres; Mr W. Curtis, 180 acres ; . Mr Thos. Chick, 200 acres. Boort, Saturday. A bush fire raging for two days at Leaghur destroyed about 700 acres of ! pasture on Wilkinson's farm, to which' it extended after burning some acres of grass on Mr W. Dutton's holding. Sydney, Monday. Numerous bush fires arc reported j from various parts of the colony. A j fire raged close to Bombala yesterday. | At times the flames reached within j 300 yards of tlie U)\\\'n. Fifty men en- { deavoured to stop the fire from noon 1 till sundown yesterday in the face of a lngh wind, and to-day a large number of people were again engaged in keep ing back the flames. Fires have been frequent in the Young district during the past week, but they assumed alarming dimensions on Saturdav, yesterday and to-day at ' Aramagong* West, several crops and ! machinery being destroyed. On ! Saturday lires broke out almost simul- ] taneously to the nortli and west of the , township, and spread so rapidly that I assistance in checking the flames was } sought from Young, contingents of men being engaged at liigh wages to €ghfc the fire on the Stone}' Creek Station. The fire it was thought was got-under, but it burst out again yes terday, and spread in all directions. A thousand acres of grass were burned ? on Stonev Creek, and one selector lost I his entire crop of 100 acres of wheat. I j This morning, aided by fierce north : winds, fresh fires started in all dircc- I 1 tions, advancing -ls far as fhe meat chilling works, but at this point they I were beaten back. On several proper- ] ties a great deal of damage has been i caused, and one selector lost every- j thing. Miles of fencing have been destroyed. Last night the township 1 of Young was enveloped in heavy : smoke, and there were fires in all I directions except .south, j Extensive fires continue in the Forbes district, one of the largest being ' among the small settlers on the wes tern side of the. Grudgery mountaius, where severe losses have been caused. To-day the Coolamon district was the scene of two destructive fires, the houses and standing crops of several selectors being burnt to tbe ground. Hundreds of acres of crops were des troyed and other heavy losses in curred. | 