TKiWEEK. StR George Turner has lost his chance of successfully challenging his successors as an interloping Ministry which eame into existence without adequate reason. lie has allowed them to settle down in their scats, and as n consequence of his hesitat ing policy, the favorable opportunity lias flown. At the outset; the country was dis posed to strongly resent both the manner of initiation and the composition of the new Government. Popular feeling was shocked by the shamclcssiicss of intrigue which subordinated public advantage to personal interests. Neither could confi dence be placed in the Liberal professions of men who would bo maintained in office by Conservative support. Had Sir George Turner tabled a hostile motion without de lay, the attack would have been justified, even though defeated, for a bold issue would have been placed before the country. The endeavor to secure votes by secret negotia tion was an imitation of the methods which it was proposed to condemn. Caucus con sultations undoubtedly have their value, but it is not desirable in the public inter est that political action should always be determined by underground process. Hav ing failed, to make the challenge at the right time, the Liberal opposition will show its wisdom by dcvotin'g'its attention to keeping the Ministry strictly to. its. enunciation of Liberal policy. There 'are important mat ters to he dealt with, .even before the pre sent session closes. The Factories Rill is undergoing medical treatment in the Legis lative Council, and Liberals may have reason to be dissatisfied' with the shape in which it emerges. .It. will, bo the duty of the Opposition to see that the Ministry docs not sacrifice, its! principles'.' to it's.' position. The arrangements for -the federal elections have also.tp.be settled," The Ministry can not be prepared with their scheme of elec toral division until after a recess, but some information ought to be supplied as to. the course intended to be pursued. We want to know the basis on which population es timates' will be made, in order to-be sure that we obtain our fair proportion of re presentation. . . rfiHE Premiers' Conference has closed A with no very tangible results. And in doing nothing it has done tlie heat work it could do, a paradox which 1& "quite capable. of explanation, fly refusing to accord 'even the semblance of approval to Mr. Lyne's insidious-invitations, it lias escaped the ap- pearahce of pledging ftlie oilier colonies to New- South Wales domination. 1 The' Pre miers wisely recognised that they had no authority to intrude on the Federal domain. The selection of the Federal capital is one of those matters on which the Federal Par liament will exercise the determining voice, and New South Wales will not be entitled to any greater control in the decision than her Sliare in the representation allows. Where the Governor-General's residence shall be during .the indeterminate period is also a matter of federal arrangement. For convenience sake it would seem that, the place of meeting of the Federal' Parliament would be the most likely choice, but in this instance also it is the Federal body, and not an individual colony, which will be able to speak witfii authority. The conference was- not disposed to lot Mr. Lyne "boss the show." In the appointment of delegates to consult with Mr. Chamberlain during the passage of the Commonwealth Bill through the. Imperial Parliament, it was resolved that each colony should appoint its own deleeatae. "Tlie Secretary of State for the Colonies "will suffer an embarrassment of riches, but confusion will be avoided by the instruction that all are to press .for the bill without amendment. In other than federal matters the duties of tlie conference were light. The assumption that Australian ob jection to. a French occupation of the New .Hebrides 'has lessened was promptly "dis avowed, and a renewal bf the protest was addressed to the Imperial Government. We do not want another Snmoan surprise sprung upon us. Unequivocal- refusals were given to Sir John Forrest's application that Frcuitmtle should lie made a port of call for mail steamers and to the New Guinea syndicate demand for compensation. Neither was there any. disposition. exhibited to accord patronage aiid assistance to a fede ral rifle team. Just at present the popular niood is too serious for matters' of lighter moment than the despatch of contingents to South Africa. SENTIMENT and prejudice are qualities which are usually out of place in a business transaction. We are glad to sec that the Premiers' Conference is proving wiser than some of its advisers,, and-, is dis posed to accept the Eastern Extension Com pany's proposal solely on its merits. An offer of an immediate reduction in cable charges, "of an. alternative cable by an all British route, and this without any condi tion of subsidies or monopoly, is too good to be east aside witbut any reasonable ground. The deputation from tlie Melbourne Cham ber .of Commerce which sought to support the Postmaster- General in his hesitation of approval, certainly docs not voice the gene ral opinion of the mercantile community. It is only among the magnates of Flinders- lane that the substantial reductions offered, which; will make a difference to the colonies of something like £75,000 per annum, will be contemptuously described as "paltry con cessions hr rates:" There is only one plea ori: which refusal 'can. be placed with any show of seriousness! It is said that the Australian colonies are honorably hound to the Pacific project, and that the new sug gestion would he an interference with this pledge. This assertion is, however, based upon a miso'ouception of the facts. The ar rangement with' tlie Eastern Extension Company will not prevent the Pacific .pro-, posul being carried through if the colonics are really committed to the schcipe under the negotiations entered into with Canada and Great Britain. With Australian deve lopment there will he business enough for both routes. In the most favorable cir cumstances a considerable time must elapse before the Pacific cable is laid and in work ing order. Why should we throw away an immediate advantage for which we are asked to give nothing in return except free scope for business, in order to create a monopoly in the future? The Pacific cable, whether State owned or the result of pri vate enterprise, must live on its own merits. Queensland and New Zealand are strong jn opposition, but they are influenced by mo tives which' do not appeal to the other colo nies. There can he very little doubt what Victorian interests require. IF a thing is worth doing at all it is worth doing well. This is a lesson which in the matter of Victorian defence has been sadly neglected. Sir George Tur ner during his tenure of office was so im pressed with the necessity of economy in finance that he was unwilling to authorise any expenditure which could bo uvoided. The responsibility of preparation for on un certain contingency is 'always liuble to be set aside in such circumstances. Politi cians are characteristically shortsighted, and never see very far beyond the end of their own noses. Our late Premier had no prevision of- war, and in his desire to avoid financial difficulty thought it quite safe to disregard the recommendations -of military advisers, whom lie invariably accused of u tendency to- extravngance.- He was by no means alone in this view, and those 'who now condemn his attitude with the wisdom b.Qrn of .ufier knowledge were quite content to applaud his decision at the time. While these considerations can be offered in ex- tenuation, there is no gainsaying the fact of a present serious deficiency in military preparedness. The equipment of two conV tingents numbering 500 men has exhausted the resources of ;the stores branch, and our new Minister of- Defence (Mr. Melville), -who 'Juts become a military authority, with extraordinary celer jty, discovers that our defences arq of the Chinese order, - more ter rifying in appearance- than in reality.' The forts at the HeiidB are undermanned and without adequate reserves of ammunition; the Cerberus' is arme'd' only "with aittef qjiated muzx.lo loaders; we have no. modern long range quick firing artillery; we are without smokeless powder; and our troops if called into active service would be sent into the field. witli an inferior weapon. This is a very had indictment, and the worst of the matter is that in The main it is 'true. There is nothing new about the facts, all of which have been perfectly well known; but recent events and prospective possibili ties have thrown a stronger -light upon the position. Mr. Melville will enjoy tlio op- portunity of remedying the deficiencies if the money, roughly estimated at from £100,000 to 16150,000, is freely supplied. MEMBERS of the Assembly appreciate the opportunity given by the esti mates for the elaboration of grievances. When there is money to he voted the fullest chance must be afforded for critical discus- sion. On the present occasion Ministers are in the happy position of having no l-espon- sibilityj for they take over the work of their predecessors, and so. they can listen to critical comment with smiling faces. When Mr. Vale assailed railway adminis tration with his customary bitterness, and other members complained of tlie absence of railway facilities, Mr. Outtrim was ready to soothe with an acquiescence or a promise. There was, however, one matter brought forward which demands mors specific investigation. A direct and circum stantial charge of sweating his employes has been made against a railway eontrae-' tor, who is accused of violating the condi tions bf his contract, and of setting at de fiance a Legislative enactment. If it he true that the individual in question pays his men 9/ per week in cash, and makes them take out the balance in board and lodging, he' transgresses tlie principle of the Truck Act, as well as of the minimum wage. The fact that a complaint of this kind had been made' should have prompted tlie Railway department to immediate investigation. But tho averment is made that, though the grievance was notified months ago, nothing has yet been done to remedy the evil. If this be true, indeed, and it is proved that officials in the Railway department are in collusion to destroy tlie intention of Legis lative policy, it is time that some urgent measures should he taken to establish the supremacy of Parliamentary rale. What is Mr. Outt'rini going to do in tlie matter? It is of much more importance that railway administration should he conducted in a fair and equitable spirit than that Govern ment supporters should be placated with promises of eoekspur railways/ which are certain to involve the country in additional loss. SNEERS, like curses, very often come home to roost. Mr. Irvine and Air. M'Coll found opportunity for ridicule in tho idea that Mr. Best could obtain any real knowledge of malleo requirements in the cqjHgqTqfTn TOBOiuiTied Ministerial visits/tj inallee repre- sentative', tlie AttornbjSfjfOTBral, though a town flawing, rtefe a <lL'lereMl- position.to any GtfKU/yiemlrtof his profes- sionvJujtCMc M'Coll iMtgfondly convinc ed tliat, hd;"Bp|7ft5-femas nothing .to learn hllVf q-vaaim' When Mr. Taverner suggested, and Air. Best approved, the idea that malice lessees should be given the option of renewing their leases for a fur ther term of five years, instead of selecting or taking up a perpetual lease at once, tho Aliuister of Lands, with an air of superior knowledge, refused to even consider the pro posal. lie declared that the concession was not wanted, and would be of no value if given. Public meetings of selectors, both in' the Hopetoun and Birehip districts, have quickly given a contradiction to this assur ance. 'Those who are in the best position, from a bitter experience of the hardships attending malice settlement, to know their own necessities have declared that some such relief as that suggested is essential. The continuance of bad seasons in the mal- lee lias brouglit many of the selectors there to' the verge of rain, and they are not in a position to respond to any proposal 'which would increase their puyments, even though it gave them an additional security of ten ure. Air. Taverner, who is himself a mallee member, asserts that the bulk of the mallee settlers are anxious to select, but that they are not at present in a financial position to exercise their right. They ask for an ex tension of tho existing tenure, in order that they may have the chance of securing some return from their expenditure of time, labor and money. If Mr. AI'Coll will aban don the pretension of superiority and in quire for himself into the position of the mallee settlers he will realise that their condition is such as to demand generous treatment in the interests of the State. ATTENTION is again being drawn to the necessity of enlarging tlie di mensions of the Alfred Graving Dock. If Afelbournc is to hold its own in shipping competition, and maintain its reputation as a first elassjprt, facilities must ho provided which will, enable the largest vessels to be dealt, with. Since the original plan and its subsequent extensions, there lias been a revolution in shipbuilding. The tonnage and tlie length of vessels have been vastly increased from the days when the Great Britain, the Chimboruzo and the Cuzco were considered to belong to tlie finest type of modern naval architecture. The graving dock at Williumstown may have been Buit- ed to the requirements of that period, but now the conditions have changed. Its di mensions are insufficient to accommodate the . mammoth -bulk of steamers liko the Aledio,' the China, the Ilnrbarossa, and, in deed/all the finest vessels of the principal lines." If repairq V requiring docking are neeeded; ' there vis ho- option but. to give Alelbourne the gd by: The Alfred Graving Dock's extreme length is only 470 feet (450 feet On the floors),- and among large steam- ers there are many move than 500 feet. The.,.,, tendency in "shipbuilding is still towards aii increase of size, so that the position will grow worse instead of better as time goes on, unless we are willing to supply the remedy by lengthening the dock. Alort's Dock in Sydney has bqen built with a keener eye to the requirements of Hie day. It is 040 feet -long, and thus able to receive the largest vessel that trades in these waters. While Sydney can offer superior facilities we need not wonder that the trend of ship ping trade should be in that direction. Some tune ago an explanation was offered on tlie ground of a difference in charges, but the reduction of rates does not appear to have stayed the drift of business. There can ho no doubt that Sydney possesses an advantage in being more of a terminal port than Alelbourne; but, apart from this fact, ive cannot expect to receive support so long as we are not in a position to comply with requirements. It is true that the Alfred Graving Dock represents an expenditure of £300,000. The only way of redeeming it from tho imputation of being a White ele phant is to make it serviceable by spending still more. . ON tlie principle of unification in civie as well as in federal, concerns, there . is hardly room ' for dilfercnee of opinion. Tlie influences . which led to the creation of a multiplicity 'of. municipalities have passed away, and the tendency has set strongly in the other direction.. . There.Tvere reaspns for separation " at . the. tiine,;-aiid - Ave have ho doubt that ah /impetus was/given thereby to individual energy, and a: stimulus also to municipal life! But we have now advanced to tho period when we are attracted by larger designs and more ambitious aspira tions. We see how great tho waste of ef fort, and the usclcssuess of expenditure caused by keeping up a dozen governing v > bodies, where one would amply suffice. Alunieipal government would gain in dig nity by the enlargement of its scope, and tlie wider field for statesmanlike endeavor. The example given in the old country by London, Glasgow-, Birmingham, and the larger cities of the Empire) is an incentive to similar desire here. The suggestion of a Greater Alelbourne — it lias hardly gone the length of a definite proposal — has been favorably received. Citizens of Alelbourne are not without municipal pride, and there would be "opportunity for this feeling if the city and suburbs were combined into one harmonious whole. The difficulty is one of detail. Almost everybody spoken to agrees upon the desirability; but trouble begins as soon as tho definite conditions are touched upon. Tlie city is thought to he too greedy, and the suburb too grasping. Xhe city proper is a wealthy municipality, with large sources of income in its markets, and with a comparatively low rate. The .suburbs range through different degrees of impecuniosity, and their rates are, generally speaking, on a higher- scale. And so there is a hitch directly the negotiations approach serious business. . Whether- the process of amalgamation will be by individual absorp tion, or by some comprehensive and all em bracing scheme, lias yet to he determined. If Sir Malcolm AI'Eachnrn could accom plish this object, he would gain a stronger claim to permanent remembrance thun any title can give. WILL the A.N.A, retain Foundation day for the purposes of its annual celebration or, change the venue as soon as the accomplishment of federation gives another starting point to Australian his- . tory. This is a matter which -will have"."' be determined very soon. Before another C anniversary we may expect tliat these colonies will have entered on their larger sphere of national life. An association which has contributed something towards the realisation of this ideal may feel tho desire to associate its name more closely therewith, and may prefer a starting point which will have no memories other' than those on which pride may dwell with com placency. If the alteration is to be made, the celebration of last week will present some special claims to remembrance. It was notable in any event on more than one account. For instance, an experiment was made on an issue of principle by omitting the gambling element of an art union lot tery. The association has always depended largely for assurance against financial loss on the returns from this source. This year it had resolved to do without them, and tho glow of self-satisfaction will have to ' make up for the p'eciipiary sacrifice. While moral, principle is in the ascendant some- j thing should also bo done to prevent the ' intrusion of the betting element into the i cycling sports. It seems very like straining : at a gnat and swallowing a camel to learn : that an art union lottery is anathema, while in the" arena under A.N.A. control "betting was briskly carried on." In another direc- ! tion also did the celebration display some ': -inconsistency of purpose. It is the boast of ; the A.N.A! that politics arc excluded from ; its functions, except in the broad aspect ! that everything of importance to tho State ; is of political significance, The speech of I the vice-president, therefore, was an in- I fringemont of principle' as well as of hos- j pitality. What lie said about the Alinistry i . and the Legislative Council was quite true | from a Liberal standpoint, but it iB not j good breeding on the part of a host to lee- ; ture hiB guests, however much he may deem I them in 'need of correction. The fiery iras-: , cibility 'of Sir William Zeal was not with- ; out excuse in the circumstances. Xk ECENT hot weather has given empha>| JL\j tic evidence all over the colony of the: danger and destruction arising from bush- fires. The investigation into the general-. , causes of. these outbreaks made by the, Forest Commission cannot therefore be said - to be inopportune.- -Bush fires may be roughly divided into those which are of na-j tural origin and those wliichare t-he.conse- J - quence of carelessness. Under certain con ditions of sun and wind no amount of pre caution will ensure safety. After days of burning weather such as we have experi enced at intervals during this summer the grass and bush become like tinder, and a fire once started gains a hold which may devas tate miles of country. To a selector whose homestead and fences -are imperilled, and who may see the results of years of toil swept away in a few minutes, it matters little whether the catastrophe is due to causes which are preventible or otherwise. .His losses are the same. Yet if the lesson be rightly learned experience may teach the necessity, not only of individual precaution, but of consistent and united action. Among the usual causes of bush fires are first the reckless carelessness of selectors themselves. There is very little doubt in the minds of the police that the disastrous conflagrations in West Gippsland two years ago were start ed by selectors who afterwards became un able to control the flames. In thickly tim bered country' the fires are regarded as an' economical way of clearing the land, and, according to the Conservator of Forests, se lectors succumb easily to -this temptation. The laying of phosphorised wheat has caused thousands of fires, the phosphorus being ignited by the fierce heat of the sun. Then the carelessness of tramps, of boys who set logs on fire in the eager pursuit of rabbits, and of smokers -who thoughtlessly throw aside a burning vesta, are to be enu merated among the causes. Many people believe that the sparks from railway loco motives are responsible for numerous fires, but the railway officials cannot be brought to this conviction. Mr. Perr'm recommends that fire breaks should he made wider, and that a selector Hhould see to having this pre- ;caation all round his clearing. The greatest .-.-'difficulty in the way of prevention lies 'n the fact that the utmost care may he nulli fied by the stupidity and carelessness of some one else over whom no control can be exercised. 