NOTES AT ARTHUR'S CREEK. The disastrous bush fire which on a day in February last destroyed several home- steads, scores of miles of fencing, thousands of acres of grass, and injured many orchards in the important fruit district of Arthur's Creek, did, like most bush fires, a lot of good in burning Hp rubbish, and clearing the paddocks of scrub and dead timber. Although the burnt and scorched trees mar the beauty of the landscape, from a grazier's point of view the country looks beautiful; a rich sward of grass is to be seen on every hand, and many men are busy renewing the fences. All throughout this and the Diamond Creek district the fruit-growing industry is extending, although not rapidly. No very large areas are being planted, many of the older orchardists are increasing their acreage, and a few others are com mencing to plant. Apples, of course, have the greatest share of attention, but peaches, plums, and pears are not neglected. Suitable soil and situation may be found in this neighbourhood for nearly every description of hardy fruit tree. A visit to this district would not be com- plete without calling at Charnwood, where there are about 200 acres of land under various kinds of fruit. The well-known proprietor, Mr. Charles Draper, during the fire before alluded to, was, with his family, j in great personal jeopardy, his house and] outbuildings were nearly surrounded by | fire, and the adjacent creek, which was nearly dry, was looked upon, as a haven of refuge if the worst came. The long row of handsome Pinus insignis and English oaks leading to the house was on fire in many places; several of these handsome specimens are quite destroyed, and many; others have had all their beauty and sym- metry marred. visitors to Charnwood will remember the magnificent rows and clumps of rhododen- drons, which a little time ago were famous tor their large size and variety of colour, but successive severe droughts have killed many of them and injured others. The camellias are still doing magnificently, and this seems to say that they are hardier, and stand more neglect than the rhododendron does. A splendid alba pleno is nearly 10ft. in height, but there are other varieties nearly twice as high, all beautifully set with buds, and as healthy as plants could be. Here we find a fine specimen of Cratægus crenu- lata, covered with brilliant red berries; this fine evergreen shrub is not uncom- mon about Hobart, but this is the first time we have seen the shrub in fruit in Victoria. Nandina domestica is nicely in flower, and presently will be laden with its reddish-coloured berries; as a pretty foli- aged shrub, this is well worth growing. A rare fruit-bearing small tree is the Hovenia dulcis from China and Japan; the round fruits, about the size of a pea, are found on the end of the fleshy peduncle, which is cylindrical, about an inch long, and contains a sweet, red pulp, which may be eaten. The tree is only worth grow- ing as forming one in a collection of fruit- bearing plants. The persimmons are full of fruit; the trees are some of the original ones imported from Japan by Mr. F. C. Christy. Mr. Draper is great in testing the value of new varieties ot fruits, and his collection is very extensive. A new quince named Van Deman will probably put all other varieties in the shade. The imported tree is laden with fruit of a great siae, and some two-year-old trees are also fruiting. One and a half pound weight is the average for the larger fruits. It is of fine flavour, tex- ture, and quality generally, and in Ame- rica, where it was raised, it has been pro- nounced the best of all quinces, and it re- ceived the Wilder Medal of the Pomolo- gical Society. It was raised from the well- known Portugal, but unlike its parent, is a heavy bearer, and has a fine, smooth surface. Many of the American varieties of apples are less esteemed here than they are where they were raised, but a new kind named M'Mahon's White promises well. The fruit is very large and handsome, creamy-white colour, with white flesh, fine-grained and of excellent quality; ripe now. The tree bears while quite young, and is said to be blight-proof; a healthy, vigorous grower, ana is stated to be a first-class market variety. The extensive orchards and nursery of Charnwood are now chiefly managed by his sons, but Mr. Draper, sen., indulges in two very innocent hobbies—those of auricula and begonia growing. October is the time to see the former, but the tuberous-rooted begonias are now in splendid condition, and ever since Christmas there has been a continuous display of these showy plants, flowers both single and double and of nearly all colours. Some of the double varieties are large enough to be easily mis- taken, if they were gathered, for fine double camellias. The great bulk of the plants have been raised from seed sown last spring, but a few are imported kinds, and these do not appear to be a whit better than the plants wuich have been raised from seed saved from selected and care- fully hybridised plants. Begonia-growers find that seedlings make better plants than those grown from old corms or propagated from cuttings. At the same time, great care must be exercised in selection for seeding if fine plants both as regards shape and colour are desired. 