Srarahiolt i cort, PUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY MORNING. " t is not given unto mortal to comnmand success but we may do more . . . . deserve it" TUESDAY, MARCH 6, 1900oo. THAT DESPATCH.-The. contents of the cable sent by Mr Chamberlain, which created a bit of a scare, has now been made public. It is merely a request from Her Majesty's Govern met for the colonies to send an addi tional 200ooo men, of a similar kind to bushmen, for general service anywhere in South Africa, Her ,Majesty's Govern ment defraying all expenses. This will afford a good opportunity for many who were desirous of going to South Africa, as Victoria's contribution will amount to about 700. 'PORTS CLUB.-A meeting of the committee of the Sports Club was held on Thursday evening last. The Presi dent, Mr WV. West, occupied the chair, and there vere also present-Messrs Pettit, Canfield, Macdonald, Gibson, Sweetnam, Stevens, 3M'Carthy, Rowe, Grubb, Meinardi and King. The can vassers reported that they had already received about ./s16 in subscriptions, and they expected that this amount would be considerably increased by the sale of members tickets before the date ofthesports. After some consideration it was decided to offer the sum of £jo in prizes at the forthcoming meeting to be held on Easter Monday. The programme for that day was then revised. The prize money for some of the larger races was slightly reduced, and several nec and novel races were introduced, which will have the effect of making a most dttractive programme. Posters containing details are to be issued at once. DEATH OF CR J. J. KELLY.-11'e regret to announce the death of Cr. J. J Kelly, of the Rosedale Shire Council which took place at a private hospital in Sale on Saturday after a somewhat brief illness. Deceased was ex president of the Rosedale shire and an exceed ingly energetic public man, and the news of his death came as a great shock to a number of his friends, who were not aware that he was so seriously ill. Deceased was buried in the Sale General Cemetery on Sunday afternoon and the esteem in which he was held was evidenced by a very large attend ance at the funeral, which w2s the longest seen locally for many years. The councillors and officers of the Rosedale Shire and othec public men were (says the "Times") represented. The funeral ceremony was conducted by the Revs. J. Synnott and M'Mahon. SNAKEBITE.-A narrow escape from the serious results of snakebite was experienced on Friday last at Bulga by Richd. Mloorfield, but prompt action by this veteran settler in the hill country had the desired effect. ?Mr Moorfield was picking up some small stuff about 200 yards from home, and when moving near a log he felt a sharp twinge in the calf of the leg just above his boot. He at once discovered the cause, for a snake was near at hand. After tightening the pant above the two punctures he went into the house, and without mentioning the matter to his wife or anybody else he seized his razor and slashed away freely at the wound. The dark coagulated blood showed that the reptile had emitted poison, but as the natural blood began to flow he knew at once that matters were not serious, and that prompt measures had proved successful. Mr Moorfield (says the "Standard") took strong coffee and a little spirits, and although he felt a bit drowsy for the remainder of the day he was all right next morning; and now tells the tale as a pleasant narrative re experiences in the bush. THE RECENT BUSHFIREs.-Our Mel bourne correspondent writes :-The bush fires in Gippsland have been the cause of much damage to property, personal suffering and loss, and worse than all the forfeiture of human life. The losses of stock are reported to be very great, and although the damage is not as great as that inflicted by the fires of 1897, still there is no doubt it is extensive, and in many cases the settlers will be ruined. Public at'ention was more emphatically drawn to the bush fires of 1897, inasmuch as the heat all over the colony was intense at the time -Melbourne included-whereas while the fires have been raging in Gippsl.nd this year the temperature in general over the colony has not been so very high for summer. Doubtless the burnt out families in Gippsland will need relief, but unfortunately the Patriotic Fund and the Melbourne Hospital Bazaar are already absorbing people's attentions and charitable energies. This reminds me that I never heard of any steps being taken in the interests of the people who suffered from the Beechworth bush fires a few months ago. It seems we can only do one good deed at a time, and are much better at concentrating our chari:y than distributing it. We have done very well in the matter of showing our loyalty to the Empire both in the matter of sending men and money to the scene of action, and now might fairly do something for the sick and the poor that are at our very doors. STRIKING A RATE.-At a meetitg'of the local Shire Council to be held en Thursday next, a rate of a is in the , upon all rateable property within the Shire will be struck. A statement of the proposed rate may be inspected at the Shire Hall by any ratepayer in tcrested. 'FOR Tin, Enameland Crockeryware, Meilk and Cream Cans, Tanks and GeneralHardware, try D.J. M'CARsH-r, Franklin-street, Traralgon.-ADvr. RECEIPT AND PAY OFFiCE:-The following accounts await payment at the sub- treasury :-Traralgon--Susan Duck, J. Dunford, H. R. Horne, W. Doherty, Trararagon Shire Council, Jas. Downie, D. J. M'Carthy, Cowwarr Mechanics' Institute, John Williams, Toongabbie Mechanics'. Morwell H. Lanham, W. Moir, W. M'Nabb, W. I-I. Penaluna, Jas. Jensen, 31. O'Grady, Wnm. Brock, M. A. Farmer, J. Nolan, B Langford, J. W. Bell, A. W. Crowe, T. G. Bastin, J. Lynch, W1. Phelps, T. Scanlcn, J. Gilfedder. A. de Pazanan, J. Edwards, J. Noy, H. Sargeant, E. Cummins, B. H Clanchy. PRESBYTERIAN CHURCH.- OnSunday last harvest thanks giving services were held in the above church, the preacher being the Re€. A. W. Cameron, M.A, of Bairsdale. The church was nicely decorated with fruit, vegetables, corn, maize etc. Mr Cameron delivered two excellent addresses, the morning discourse being based on =6th chapter St. Matthew, 7th to r3th verses; and the- evening 8th chap. Romans, 15th and ;following verses. While the offertbry was being taken up, the choir gave the anthem " Consider the Lillies," Miss Wilson presiding at the organ. In the evening the anthem was " He shall feed his flock," Miss Neilson taking the olgan. The congregationswere large, especially at the evening service. THE BUSHMENS CORPS.--It will re quire a very careful hand to manage the Bushmen's contingent, for they are a set of men who will not stand any worrying. Several of their pecularities have come out in camp. They are men who will follow their officers any where if these officers know their work. The main things (says " Punch") is to have in the officer commanding a man who knows their failings, and while keeping a steady hand on them, knows when to loosen out a little. It has been a great mistake the Cabinet meddling with the appointment of the officers. It would have been much more satisfactory if the selection had been left to the military commandant, for the officer would have been at once chosen, and could have been in com mand of the men at Langwarrin. The men would have got to know him, and he would have got to know the men. As it is, the real reaso.s why C lonel Otter is going as far as Capetown with the contingent is that the men will do any thing and go anywhere for him, and it may save some trouble arising. He will also be able to work them up dur ing the voyage, and by the time they get to Capetown they ought to be well in hand. TRARALGON HORTICULTURAL SO CIETY. -The annual meeting of mem bers of the abovfe Society will be held in the Mechanics' Institute on Wednes day evening next, at S p.m. As the election of officers takes place at this meeting it is important that there should be a good attendance. OUR NEW MEDICO.-Dr. W. A. Spring, late resident surgeon and physi cian to the Melbourne Hospital, has succeeded to the practice of Dr. Home. Dr. Spring is an exhibitioner and a final honor man of the Melbourne University, and has walked the Wo men's and Children's, Alfred and Melbourne Hospitals. CLEARING SALE.- On Thursday next Messrs Mathieson and Davis, under instructions from Mr Jno. Quigley, will sell at his residence, Yinnar, the whole of his valuable dairy herd, horses, implements, buggies, etc. The herd consists of 5o cows, ioo steers, 2, 3 nmi 4 years old, to cows and calves, and 2 Ayrshire bulls. Sixteen fat bullocks will also be offered. AN UNFORTUNATE TRIP.-To the sorrows of bicyclists there is no end; and the man who starts out with one young lady, or many, on a biking ex cuision knows not what terrors and tribulations await him. A young Mel bourne suburban clergyman, with society leanings, started out on a long ride to Gembrook, a Gippsland district, one day a few weeks back, accompanied by four young ladies, two of whom were his sisters, fortunately. The excursion was (says " Atticus" in the Leadcr) a great success until the district was reached, and then it went astray in the bush by-ways, and was lost in the dark. A frantic search was made for a house, but the road was rutty and locky, and presently darkness came down and enveloped the five wheelers, and with it came the rain ; not a simple shower, but a de!uge, that promised to last till the crack of doom. The party took refuge in a big hollow tree, from which the besieged made brave sorties, one after another, in quest of iirewood, and at length a good fire was set going, and those five wretched people camped there- wet, desolate, and wandering in an agony through she livelong night whlatever Mrs Grundy would say. When day broke the bedraggled young women and the mud- stained clergyman resumed their hunt, and found to their disgust they had camped within halfa mile of the homestead they were seeking. HORSE SALE.-In order to suit the Indian buyers, Messrs Little and Borth wick have altered the date of their horse sale to Thursday and Friday, the 8th and 9th inst. PARCELS.-Parcels for the following are lying at the Railway Station : Lowell, Fitzgibbon, Chester, Craven, Noble, Farmer, M'Lean, Thomas, Hare, Benolt, Poynder, Banks, Gilmour, Shiells. FIRE BRIGADE DEMONSTRATION - On Sunday a number of WValhalla fire men arrived here, and took their departure on Monday morning en route to Castlemaine. Thile train con tained a good many members of the Bairnsdale brigade. About ten of the Tratalgon brigade left last evening. should the weather keep fine. the densonstration will doubtless be a success, and the outing an enjoyable CRICKET.-rTlle match between Mor well and Traralgon for the Mason Medals, was completed on Sa'urday, Traralgon suffeling defeat for the first time this season Owing to pressure on our space we are compelled to hold over the report till next issue. SHEED Barley, Tartarian Oats, and Rye, on sale by J. S. MILLICAue, general merchant, Franklinstreet, Traralgon.-. ADVT. MIr P. Bronnin, of Woodalde, hls Igiven £100 to the Bulmen's Corps Fund belig raised st Yarram. W. Hzssrr, saddler. Traralton, is a Purchaser of all description of Hides and Skins, at highest market rates. Pr~nmpt Cash on delivery of each lot.-. Aoea? Mr Trood, dentist, will visic Traralgon on Thursday next, and may be consulted at Mlr Duncan's from 9 till 11.40. D, you require any Music '? If so call at Clarkoous, whore you have 1001 pieces to select from. -A oYT. ,Mr J. Bermin4h:un, of Glengarry, is the successful tendcrcr f,,r the supply of forage for Traralgon and Touogabbie police atitions. W. M'Nabb, of MIorwell has secured a numtber of tenders. On Wednesday next Messrs A. M'Lcan and Co., will offer for sale at Kelly's hotel, Rosedale, the booths and gates in connection with the Rosedale Racing Club's imeetins. The pain of a burn or scald is almost instantly relieved by applying Chamber lain's Pain Balm. It also heals the in jured parts more quickly than any other treatment, anud unless the burn is very severe does not leave a scar. For sale by WALKER BRos., agents. News from Colonel Baden-Powell's garrison at Mafeking state that on the 18th February a fierce assault was made upon the carrison by the Baer forces. The beleauered troops, however, more than held their own, and the enemy was eventually beaten off with heavy loss. The loer casualties were forty, while the British lost only three. We (" Chronicle") are glad to report an instance of the sprand of co-operative principles in connection nith the dairyv ing industry in Yarrams, by the transfer of the Carrajung factory to the South Gippsland Creamory and Butter Factory Limited. As stated by the chair man, it is found that the expenses incurred inl running in a small fac tory are much higher than when connected with a largerestabhlshment. The present state of the butter trade in Eugland calls for the mcst serious consideration of all connected with it, and, as the use of hand soparators is becoming generally con demned, it is pleasing to see that our South Gippsland farmers are alive to theirown interests, and appreciate the benefits of co operation now brougiht to their own doors. We are in receipt of a neat little volume entitled " The Sick Room Cookery Book." published by iMr S. A. Palmer, Mel bourne, of Vitadatio fame. Mr Palmer, in placing this useful work before the public of Australasia, does so with conti dence and pleasure. knowing that in nursing, as much as in medicine, depends the recovery of those who are laid aside with sickness. " The Sick Room Cookery Book" has been carefully prepared by one who is thoroughly competent in such an important matter. The various recipes have been thoroughly revised by a profes sional cook holding first class diplomas from the Lund .n Coonery Association, so that all may, with confidence, use them in the noble work of nursing the sick. This valuable little work can be obtained at the " Vitadatio" Head Institute, 47 Bourke St., Melbourne, for the small charge of twopence. Applications by letter marked " Cookery" with twopenny stamps enclosed will receive immediate attention. 