I FULL COMPENSATION. i I A TALE OF TWO HEMISPHERES. -| : BY CAPTAIN EAST GRAY. , CHAPTER I. -5£££{)T is little wonder that hundreds of persons, one-time . sufferers cjfrolam from a variety of those ail ments which flesh is heir to, who have been remitted for a while to the health-restoring coasts of Devonshire, leave with a lifelong remembrance of its invigorating yet well-tempered breezes, as well as, its; inland beauties of scenery, and the hearty hospitality of its natives. V, In the little village of Pendene, ; which lies in a green valley sheltered by verdant hills, forming a sort of causeway to the coast some three miles distant, stood three ancient, small, but ' comfortable farmhouses; the inhabi tants of which could each boast of at least three generations before them occupying tho same dwelling place. The three households had always been in more, than neighbourly communica tion with each other, and although no matrimonial alliance had as yet re sulted from such intimacy, their mutual relations were of the kindest and closest character. The occupant of Broad Farm, one Eli Frayling, had married a woman of a class superior to his own, a native of Exeter, who introduced to the home stead a somewhat refined air, to which it had hitherto been a stranger. She was also as careful as she was able to put a home polish on the elemental teaching afforded by the village school for the benefit of her two boys, Pierce and Leonard, of the respective ages of sixteen and twelve, who completed the family of the FrayHng's at the time our story opens. On the opposite side of the valley stood the Long Farm, inhabited by Silas Pratt, his cheerful and homely wife, and their only child, a son, about the same age as Pierce Frayling, and bearing — though not rejoicingly — the peculiar front name of Areli, which needs an explanation to be given presently. The last of the three farms, needful for our notice, was known as Middlo Farm, the owner of which, Philip Blaydon, found it pleasant and con venient to have on either side of him such lifelong, staunch friends as Eli Frayling and Silas Pratt. He was a widower, with two daughters — Hagar and . Dora?: — the former fifteen and the latter . ten years of age. . : ' It: is doubtful whether in any other part of England the seeds of Methodism' has,, taken greater - root than in j' the. counties of Devonshire and : Cornwall, one of the proofs being the wholesale appropriation' of Scriptural— especially' Old ' Testament names.: This fancy, seems to have descended . from .father to: son; ' or- perhaps moire properly speaking, from mother to daughter, as it seemed . to be . tlie matron's privilege to .select -the .-Christian names for . the children. This did not and does not always meet with the after approval of those :who, are so dubbed, many of the names ? selected being totally cinappro-. priate-to the character to; (whom - they had5 been 'given. , ' Eli Frayling, for instance,' thought it a groat grievance that he should havo to perpetuate, the name of a fond but foolish old father who,- though himself a good man, was punished for his inability to control two j wicked sons. So. he determined in the case /of . his - own i children : to make' a. departure from s tlio rule,' and with the' full consent of his town-bred wife ' his ' two boys , were christened Pierce and Leonard. ' . Now, as to Areli Pratt, the parents were , of tlie good old . .easy sort ..who thought that ; what had v been good enough for their fathers should also be good enough for them. They deter mined, therefore, '.when their boy : was bprn - that: he. should -not .only, carry through life a real Scriptural name; but'tli'nit it shoukl have a special and', desirayie . signification, * so Silas was content to ;leave . the . matter 'in : the hands of his wife, who, for fully three weeks', complied literally with the in junction' tho Scriptures' before she triumphantly emerged : with ;?Areli:'-'; ? ?n--:-,' ? ''Silas, however, was not quite satis fied .iintii. Mary explained that after much patient, research . sho had. dis covered that the Hebrew meaning of Aireli.is1 'heroic.' / 1 ' : What, '.said she, ' can we wish for better than that the dear , boy should be a hero?' ' ' ' ? ' Silas 'was - silenced but not quite convinced, as he had a slight misgiving, with regard to tho convenience : of the name for everyday use. He repeated it. 'over -and over again, 'A-re. A-re, until .-the a sound seemed .familiar to ,him. ?' '' ' ? .'That'll, do, mother, ',:he, said : ...?Ins- full name will allers be Script'ral, ; and a good old-English numei is Harry.' ' VSout; was- settled,5 jbut' as! the.; boy, grew in years his mother lost no oppor . tunity of. reminding him of tho signification of his full name with tho ' hope that he would strive to be a hero ,'througli life. ' - m f ,i .''.'Philip- Blaydon had almost felt as if ? an' injustice had been done him when ? a.-second girl made her appearance . on . this earthly, stage,1 while his neighbours; right and left were blessed with sons to perpetuate their names and inherit their, land. But when his partner in ? life' was removed from the earth,, lie had reason to bo thankful that so far, ' ashousehold duties and fireside com .v forts went, his little, maid. Hagar^-1 then eleven years of age— had been so \- well instructed by her mother as to prevent the necessity of calling in additional female help. With Phoebe (the dairymaid) and her . little , sister Doras (called Dotty), Hagar felt as capable as she was proud to act as the youthful mistress of Middle Farm, and her father soon fell happily in, accord with her arrangements. Perhaps it would be as well to'favor our readers with a closer introduction to Hagar Blaydon at this period of her existence. We may describe, her in general terms as a thorough specimen of a healthy, bright-eyed' buxom Devonshire beauty; in the earliest dawn of blushing womanhood. In her manners free, but never : forward. Her nut-brown hair lay full about her shoulders, .and tho part adorning her forehead was neatly, parted in the middlo, and had a peculiar wavy crinkle of its own as it stretched away back over her ears, indescribably charming, and befitting her noble face, hazel C3res, sweet mouth, and dimpled chin. Add. to these advantages a good temper, an affectionate dis position, a graceful figure, and a lively temperament, and you have Hagar Blaydon photographed before you. No wonder that Hagar was the delight of her father's eye and the comfort of his heart ; no wonder that all the lads of the village strove to gain her favor, and made their own sunshine out of her smiles. The women, too, were equally smitten by her pleasing manner and pretty ways. There had always been a friendly rivalry between the Fraylings and the. Pratts for the honor of her company. Association with Mrs. Frayling had given to her conversation a superior tone and a certain refinement to her. manner. She was passionately fond, of music, and as Mrs. Frayling was the possessor of a good piano, and perfectly knew how to display its powers, she was able to gratify Hagar's desire to learn, and it ended in . her becoming as accomplished a performer i as her kind instructress and friend. Fond as he .was of outdoor sport and: occupation, Pierce Frayling spent hours of an evening enchained to the side of the instrument, .liis, eyes; fixed on. Hagar's . sweet ..face,' her. voice thrilling through him, until she would become suddenly aware of his wrapt attention, and-' as suddenly close the piano, laughingly, assuring him that if i she continued in playing ?.? he , would become lost to' the'world altogether. ' ???-- ! Pierce's constant' chum, associate, ] and schoolmate, Harry Pratt, was equally, as .anxious to . be. included in. such enjoyment, although he did not possess .the happy- privilege of - living beneath the same roof 'with a piano.' He was .equally as absorbed' when he .?ytras^/fiiyored. to. be'rpresent, until he got to. look; upon the face of Hagar. as the face of an angel. It was becoming a*, dangerous lenjbj'ment' at a dangerous' age . n for. two : such . higlvspi rited, emotional lads as these to be brought into such frequent' contact with the charms and the gifts' of such a 'village queen as Hagar Blaydon of Pendene. .From: their earliest : infancy, these three had; known each- other. When wee , tots together,1 never - ? was - little Hagar seen, coining home from the dame school; in; the' village without her! attendant squires who rtook it in. turns- to lug her up in their arms and /carry her over all the rough places, up hill oi- down hill, till they finally deposited, her at., the house-door of Middle Farm. ? When all the fund of ; educational information possessed by Dame Blake was . exhausted,. . so far as the loving little trio were concerned, they were removed together to the public school up the valley, to enjoy all the benefits which such promotion could confer. For ?; some years, through summer's sunshine or winter's gloom; the small party went up the valley in company each morning, and down again each evening, Pierce carrying Hagar's books, to school, and Harry conve3Ting them home, often singing on the way one or more of the simple ditties taught them in the school hours. . But now the time had arrived when- these innocent pleasures of childish companionship Vere to an end. Hagar was called , to . take complete, ; and! permanent^ control ', of ; -her ^ father's* houso, and, consequently her opportu nities for association with . her former playmates were considerably limited/ ; ?!? Pierce and Harry were both tall and well- grown lads, although the former was the more robust of the two. All a Saxon in appearance, with light curling short hair, bold blue eyes, and a determined cast of countenance, he' formed somewhat of a contrast to Harry, whose complexion was rather sallow, and whose features were, of a molancholy cast. Ho Avas of a slow and deliberate disposition too, while Pierco was . . quick, sanguine, and passionate. .Nevertheless, as Jonathan was to David and David to Jonathan, so were they to each other. CHAPTER II.- -. ' .... . *4j.- ; Life on a small country farm, , with its? daily ^humdrum round of duties, and- afibrding.-sd little change asVrcould be 'found in Pendene, could scarcely be anything else but irksome to two youths liko~Pierce and Harry. Especi ally the former, with his sanguine temperament, who had high notions of going out into the world and making a name'fpr liimsolf . r; '.These* ideas, were nurtured by tlie fact, of, his having spoilt-: two Or three of 'his school vacations in Exeter with an old f aunt of. his mother's, with' whom he/ was a great favorite. The bustle, life, and, attractions of a great city suited his ambitions wonderfully, and opened up to him ft future hitherto unthought of. On the last' of these occasions he had procured an invitation for his in separable chum, and the result of that happy time was not only to afford endless foundation for reflection between themselves, but in the esti mation of the other lads of the village placed them on a pedestal as those who were to be imitated and respected, as having seen the world. Harry Pratt had always been the weaker vessel of the two. The affec tion of the boys for each other was not only perfectly mutual, but perfectly equal, only the energy of Pierce always took the lead, and Harry was content to follow on. Pierce thought their lives, if spent in such a place as Pen dene, would be wasted. Harry adopted the same view. Pierce, who was a- greedy devourer of all and sundry in literature; pictured the beauties and advantages^ the wonders and glories of lands beyond the seas, where . men grow , .rich , and become famous at' vory;litt;le trouble to them selves. Harry, with his chin between his hands, and his elbows on his knees, would look up. into the face of his friend earnestly, and become an easy, convert to belief in the supposition. More than once, too, he bethought him of his Hebrew appellation and his mother's frequent reminder, and would murmur gently to himself 'Areli, a hero ; to become one I must go out into the world.' Naturally, the out come of all this was not only to main tain his devotion to his friend, but to increase his respect for1 his opinion 'so much that he was ready to cast aside any pre-conceived . ideas, , of..- his own unless they received .the seal of Pierce Frayling's approval.- ? h. And now happened an event 'which, serious enough in itself, was of more importance still in shaping the course of events as regards the characters of our story. ?, It had been the custom of the two lads, dating from the early schoolboy days, -'to 'start- off - every Saturday, weather allowing, and make for the sea coast. A parcel of bread and cheese or bacon sufficed for:;their rough appetites, and the day was spent, first in enjoying a refreshing bath, and then in conversing with ono or another of the dozen fishermen, whoso cottages were scattered here: and . there up -on the rocks. ; ; They early became expert swimmers, and now and, then had the treat of: a short boating expedition afforded by the good-natured, fisher men, in return for which favor they would often bring them trifles necessary for their occupa tion from Pendeno. Two years had elapsed since the first introduction of our heroes- ? to 'the reader, when, on a hot Saturday morn ing, they set out for their now. time honoured jaunt, and arrived at their destination a little later ' than usual. They were 'ii little heated, but quickly divested themselves ot their clothing lest the sun' might prove too hot. , Disporting' about and : between the rocks for a while as usual,; thoy swam out in company, when suddenly Harry gave a cry, throw up his' hands, arid went under. Pierco instantly hastened to rescue him, and diving, brought him to the - surface. ?; ;He. speedily found that his companion' !was insensible, and as the sea was rough, he called for help. Fortunately, they wore seen from the shbre, arid; a boat 'with two men hurried to their rescue. Not a minutp too soon either, fqr'Pibrco. was not ohi}'; .exhausted with; his burden, but called out as the fishermen drew near, 1 I'm bitten — help me 1' The fact was; some monster of the deep had attacked thom both, and thd.lads were drawn on board insensiblo. They were soon carried to tlie shore, whoroacart, which had coir e out from Pendene, happened to be, and was about to return. Some fresli straw, oilskins, and other suitable material was laid at the bottom, and Pierce and Harry, who in the meantime had been undergoing the necessary treatment at the hands of the rough but kindly fishermen, were placed thereon. They regained consciousness almost simultaneously, but wore faint from loss of blood. It was evident that the fish or reptile had first seized Harry by tho leg and tried to drag him down, and would have succeeded had not Pierce been near enough to lay hold of him. The monster had then turned on the deliverer and torn a piece of flesh from his thigh. It is easy to imagine what the Ultimate result would have been had not the boat appeared, which no doubt ; scared the monster from his prey. A mournful scene it was when after the' arrival of the sufferers, each of whom were laid by loving hands on their own beds, the members of the three families were alternately visiting the bedsides of their dear ones. The fleetest' horse Pendene could furnish was far on its way to Dr. Peters, the medicine man of the district, and his advent anxiously awaited. General sympathy with the vibtims was mixed with gratitude for lives spared, and mingled with the hope that the injuries would' not be serious. At length the arrival of Dr. Peters soon put doubts to rest. He declared that Harry's i wound was comparatively, a slight one, and in a week or two he would bo as well as ever. The case of Piorce was a littlo more serious, inasmuch as it might affect the hip, bono. However, lie- thought ; timo and : careful nursing would ' end in Pierco recovering his usual health and strength. In a few daj^s, as the doctor had prognosticated, Harry was so well as to be able to get over to Broad Farm to sit by the bqdside of the chum who had saved his life- at 'the risk of his own, but who would not hear of thanks. : '.You'd do as much for me, ?? Harry,' any day, I know, if it was needed; Say you owe it. me if you like old man, and it'll be one of ? those debts we hope will never be paid, eh?' v.*, .; Be sure, dear; Piorce, if ever it should be needed,' I- would risk my life for. you,- and any sacrifice less than that would be only a trill©.* . ? . ; ; : ;' Would it, Harry ? We- shall see.' i How often do we 'promise in all sincerity to make sacrifices when if we only' knew the nature of tho se'rvico required beforehand our tongues would hesitate or bo silent. - ' ! ; For nine: long weary months did Pierce, Frayling pass — chiefly upon his coucli — bbforo Dr. Petors pronounced him convalescent. - An intermittarit fever had retarded his recovery. Dur ing h,H that 'time novor a day pas'''-' but an hour or; two of it was spent by Hagar Blaydon at -'his bedside, ill choice . flowers, fresh cute very,, morning. ; were placed in .tlio glass holder and stood on his little' table by 'tho dainty fingers of Hagar, while her trim grace-; ful figure seemed to him like, an angel of light as it flitted to, and fro, bent upon some littlo arrangement which would give him pleasure. No wonder that tho poor fellow at tho impression able ago of nineteen with his impulsive sanguine nature fell desperately — over head and ears — in love with hie life long playfellow and schoolmate. J ust before Pierce waa able to move about, news camo from Exeter that his great aunt, whose favorite.. he jwas, had\ died, and had left by her will a legacy of five hundred pounds to her nephew, Pierce Frayling, ' for his whole, sole, and immediate use, without any con dition or reduction whatsoever.' This helped on Pierce's physical improve ment immensely, and he pictured to himself a future of travel and success according with his born inclination. As if in aid of his desires, Dr. Peters advised, after his serious illness, a thorough change — even of climate if i possible — which broke down any op ' position affection naturally created on the part of his parents to such a separation as it involved. It was ultimately settled that so soon as time and circumstance would allow, Pierce should be gratified. Not long before the period we are dealing with, the gold fever had broken out in the colony of Victoria, Australia, and all sorts of wild stories, all the more attractive on account of the un doubted foundation of facts, were freely promulgated. Pierce Frayling read all this, and speedily made up his mind to try his fortune there. Apt to act on the spur of the moment, he felt that one important matter must be settled ere the change take place. One evening he purposely waylaid Hagar crossing from her own home to his, and familiarly taking her by the arm, turned her footsteps in another direc tion, and after a few paces, turned her about, and, looking her straight in the face, said : ' Hagar, I know you love me, but do you love me well enough to be my wife?' Hagar stood for a moment as if petrified, the suddenness of the ques tion so astonished her. Pierce then continued : ' I have frightened you, dear, but you know I am soon going away, and I can't go without knowing this. Say 3tcs, or no ?' and then lie took her right hand. in his, and gentij' removing her brown liair from her temple with his loft, awaited her answer. \- With a'.look of, truth and innocence she then quietly replied : 'Pierce, dear, I cannot remember when I did not love you, and if the, feeling that I could not live without you means that I love j'ou well enough to be your wife, then I can say ' Yes ' with all my heart.' The answer was sufficient, and Pierce walked in air. All tho time of Pierce's illness his friend, Harry, had haunted his pillow, had anticipated his wants, arid longed for something yet more' to do to prove his love and gratitude. He also' saw, with a pang of jealousy, Hagar's at tention to Pierce, and almost wished he were tlie invalid. When, after wards, Pierce in a burst of old con fidence told hiin all his intentions, his sanguine hopes, his speculations as to his 'future, and, last of all, his succes sive love, he could bear no more. He hurried away to seek a spot where he could give vent'to his feelings. Why,' he asked himself, 'why had he not himself spoken sooner, for he knew Hagar also loved him, and the answer ' yes ' 'might also have been his. Now, it was. too late, and life for the future would be a burden. His mouth must bo for ever shut. Never would lie, must lie, part with his secret. Nover would he dim the joy of his friend's career. Did ho not owe his life to him? Had he not vowed to serve him whatever the sacrifice? Truly was he soon called upon to verify the significance of his name, Areli ; he had to qualify for the title, by yielding up the desire of liis eyes and' 'hearty and none were to know it—to remain a hero unknown as suoh even to the end. CHAPTER III. Early marriages are not, or, at least, were not, encouraged in Devonshire. 1 Mr. and Mrs. Frayling for a long time i opposed the idea of Pierce entering into such a solemn engagement and re sponsibilities at such an early age. As week after week went by, however, and the person chiefly concerned de clared that he had made up his mind to float his little capital in the promis ing, if not promised, land of Australia ; that he had promised to marry Hagar Blaydon, and she had promised to bo his wife ; that he could not think of commencing a new life in a distant land without, her, and yet that his perfect restoration to health required the change, they at last reluctantly consented. The greatest opposition arose from Philip Blaydon, who could not think of parting with his chief comfort, help, and solace in life, his dear Hagar. The difficulty was a serious one until at last Blaydon him-' self solved it by resolving to sell his farm and stock and cast in his lot with the young peoplo. His younger daugh ter, Dotty, would be able to look after him, and as to Pierce's parents, they had another son, Leonard, who was now getting old enough to take his brother's place, while Silas Pratt and his wife would still retain their son, Harry, or Areli, as their mainstay. All this time the last-named youth was suffering the pangs of disappointed love, and anticipating the separation from all and everything beside his parents that he held dear in the world. He went about, melancholy of mood and manner, and sick at heart, while all around seemed too busy even to notice his condition. But time waits for no man, be he gentle or simple, merry or melancholy, and soon the day arrived when a party, consisting of Mr., Mrs., and Leonard Frayling, Mr. and Mrs. Pratt and Harry were on board the 'Bonny Yarra ' at Plymouth to pay a lingering farewell to their lifelong friends, good Silas Pratt and his daughters, the elder of whom, a youthful bride of seven da3rs, stood afterwards on the poop ladder with her right arm passed through the left of her husband, and her two hands clasped in each other, until the ship stood well out to sea, and ultimately became invisible. For fully five years after the great event recorded above, matters moved on much as usual in the quiet Devon shire valle3T. Very few strange either in features or fashion found their way to interrupt the even current of the lives of the residents of the village of Pendene. . Harry Pratt's grief for his lost love did not kill him, but it increased his reserve, while the removal of Pierce took away the prop upon which he had leaned-' — perhaps too much — and taught him to look within himself for resolu tion and decision. Many letters had been received from Pierce detailing the movements of his part3r in :the new land, and many a summer's evening in the porch of one or other of' the'farms, or in winter by the capacious and cheerful chimney corner, did the Fraylings and the Pratts, with their two sons, pay grave attention to the interesting items re corded by Pierce's facile pen, somewhat' to the following effect : — First, their impressions, and inci dents connected with their voyage, arid their safe arrival at Melbourne. Then,, their journey up country through the bush — so unlike the green woods of Devon— and their stay and final settlement, on some land near the borders of New South Wales. Next came a description of Blaydon and Frayling's selection near Bogles Gap ; the clearing operations — the difficulty of getting assistance owing to the attack of gold fever from which the colony of Victoria was then suffering, finishing for a time with the assurance that they were all well and happy, had a hundred or two acres under cultiva tion j also two or three extensive paddocks with plenty of grass, with sheep to eat it, and taking it for all in all they were perfectly contented with their lot. ? Some months then intervened, and a letter in a black- bordered envelope arrived to announce the death of Hagar's father. He died rather sud denly, and left all his possessions to Pierce. Again a long period elapsed, and then came a very long letter telling of disastrous times having befallen them — continuous droughts, sheep disease, a bush-fire, destroying standing corn, and a cloud of minor troubles, known only to, but known well by many who, like Pierce Frayling, have left all else to: commence a netf life with tolerably good prospects. \- And now we find Harry with a doleful ditty from Pierce to his father, reading to the usual audience the alarming statement that he, Pierce, had been obliged to borrow money largely of the banks, and was almbst hope lessly involved ; indeed, unless the then present season should prove a wonder fully good one, a preclosure would ensue, and they would have to leave Bogles . Gap homeless and ruined. ;Now 'awoke the slumbering reserve power hitherto hidden in Harry's breast. He pictured to himself the conditjion of his dearest friends as worse even .than it really was. Pierce, his boyhood's faithful companion^ who had saved his life; Hagar, whose image was still his ideal of womanly perfec tion; the youthful and lively Dotty, whom he had often nursed on his knee, to say nothing of the splendid boy who had been added to the little colonial family two or three years before ; these to suffer undeservedly in suoh a shape. The heroic spirit again awoke within him. Something must and should be done, and that speedily. Two years previously to this, Mr. and Mrs. Pratt, feeling they were getting into years, and knowing that their son had no inclination for farm ing, had resolved to sell. Just at this juncture when the letter from Pierce arrived conveying such alarming news, they had completed a transfer with most satisfactory terms, and found themselves with ample provision for the remainder of their days. Moreover they had been laying aside for Harry ever since he waa born, and this portion now, with interest, made a considerable sum. His whole soul being set upon resouing his friend from his dilemma, he easily persuaded his fond parents to grant him the means, and heralding his coming with an en couraging epistle, took an early oppor tunity of starting for Australia. About three months after Harry Pratt had dispatched his letter to Pierce, the sun was setting behind some low hills which marked tlie termination of Blaydon and Frayling's selection, Bogles Gap, Victoria. Round the small, but neat and comfortable homestead, signs of life usual to a colonial farm were apparent, but one must have been able to peep through the open door to discover Pierce Frayling and his wife sitting in serious consultation side by side, while Hagar's sister, Dotty, now a handsome copy of the former, was tr^ng to quiet the childish shouts mm fcntics of a noble boy of four. Pierce had developed into a tall, broad- shouldered, bronzed woodman, while sweet Hagar hod scarcely altered in form or feature. But, for all that, care was setting on each brow, and anxiety filled the hearts of the loving couple as they talked of their future. 'All depends on to-morrow,' said Pierce, 'whether we go or stay, my darling, but it will seem hard to lose all after such a struggle as we have had. I have to meet Mr. Strutt at the Bank in Hanglong at twelve, when he will pay me for the few fat sheep left me, and give me his best opinion of what we should do. In the meantime, Hagar, dear, pray that this last greatest calamity of all may be spared us.' Twenty miles had Pierce to ride the next day to transact his business which might occupy an hour or two, during which time his horse would feed. Hagar would not expect him home before dark, when he hoped to be able to see a way out of their difficulties. Punctually at twelve Mr. Strutt mel Pierce at the Bank and handed him over a bundle of notes, taking his receipt in return. Pierce, while counting the bank-notes, dropped one, which was returned to him by a swarthy, coarse-looking man, in a drab bill3rcock hat, evidently a rouseabout on a station. Pierce thanked him, but. .could not help observing his low for bidding-looking brow. Mr. Strutt, who was a largo sheep owner of the district, felt an interest in Pierce and his fortunes, and sug gested a scheme which, in the event of his hoving to forfeit his selection, would still afford a chance of success in life, and Pierce set out on his journey homeward, his notes in his breast-pocket, with a lighter heart than lie had felt for some time. Daylight was already on the decline, and Pierce was within about two miles of his own home, passing a gloomy piece of road with thick bush on one side and a deep gully, from which the. place took its name, on the other, when a horseman suddenly seemed to spring up from the gully and seized the rein of;.Pierce's: horse, .at the same time preseriting a revolver and shouting iii a peremptory tone, ' Hands up ! Quick !' Before Pierce had 1 time to reply or comply, a' dark' figure ran froni the. bu'sli on the other side, and preseriting a revolver at the back of the first man, fired. The bullet , evidently took effect, for the would-be robber fell headlong from his steed, the pistol, flying from his hand on to the road. Pierce hastened to dismount and thank his deliverer. The light Avas hardly sufficient now to distinguish features, but quite good enough to draw out simultaneously from the lips of tlie two men the exclamations, 'Pierce! Harry 1' Wonderful as it may seem, it was indeed the hand of Pierce's old and dear chum that had thus so opportunely wiped out the debt so long owing, as well as gratifying the Hebrew signifi cation of his name 'Areli,' heroic ! The robber was recognised by Pierce aa the man who had restored the fallen note in the Bank. Ho was shot . through the shoulder and could not stirj but not mortally wounded. ? ? The police were soon on the '? spot, and recognised in Pierce's assailant the noted bushranger, Jack Hillton, the perpetrator of more than one murder, and for whose capture the sum of one thousand pounds' reward was offered, and in due course received by Harry. What a joyful home-coming ..for Hagar ; and what a surprise for Harry ; when, after mistaking Dotty for her sister, he felt that' .after, all .another;, Hagar had been waiting for . him 'in,: the wilderness. . i Little more remains to be said. . Pierce was rescued in time, for Harry insisted on his sharing the . reward. 'It's true,! he said, !if I had not been there you might have,; lost your life, but if you hadn't been there . I should have had no one to' shooti ' Besides,' he added, 'we have 'always been, friends, and soon, unless Dott3' objects, we shall be brothers.' ; . ? Dotty didn't object, and so the selection, the stock, and ! the home stead remained as before, with .the addition of Harry's . name , as' part owner, he having to the. satisfaction of :- all paid 'Full Compensation.' ? ' , 