rtrr A TALE OF TWO HEMISPHERES. CHAPTER I. BY CAPTAIN EAST GRAY. is little wonder that hundreds of persons, one-time Sufferers from a variety of those ailments wHch flesh is heir to, . who'•have been remitted for. a Vhile to the health-restoring coasts of Bevonshire, leave with a lifelong remembrance of its invigorating yet wett- tempered breezes, as well as its inlaid beauties of scenery, and the heaa?ty hospitality of its natives. . .In' the little village of Pendene, .^hS^f fies 'in a green valley sheltered forming a sort of 'p^ia^waj totbetsoast some three miles distent; stood thred ancient, small, but comfortable farmhouses; the inhabitants ofwhichcould each boast of at least, three generations before them occupying the same dwelling plaice. The three households had always been In'more thcua neighbourly communication with each p$her, and although no matrimonial alliance had as yet resulted from such intimacy, their mutual relations were of the kindest and closest character. *The occupant of Broad Farm, one 351T Frayling, had married a woman of ik clgss superior to his own, .a native of Kketer, whointroduced to the home- •tead asoinewhat refined air, to which itirfd hitherto been a -stranger. She wa&.ahio. as careful as fehe was able to put a home .polish on the elemental for the benfefit of her two boys, Fierce a^.t^oat^ of the respective ages of sixton toelve, whd.completed the family of the Frayling's at the time our story opens, • ^ £>9 thp r pnjx>site. side of the valley stpw^- the Long Farm, inhabited by S3a9:iE¥ajtt, his cheerM" and homely idfe/lind liifeir Only child, a son, about tl^s^e age>s Reree Styling, and bM^jog—thou^i not rejoicingly—the peculiar front name of Areli, which needs, an explanation to be given • ^The lastof the three farms, needful for our notied, was known as Middle Farm, the owner of which, Philip : Blaydon,- found it pleasant and convenient to'have on eithe r side of him such lifelong, staunch friends as Eli Frayling and Silas Pratt. He was a 'widower, with two daughters—Hagar and Doras—the formed fifteen and the latter ten years of age. It is doubtful whether in any other '-part of. England the seeds of Methodism ;fias. taken "grater root than in the . counties of Devonshire, and Cornwall, one of the proofs being the wholesale !^ld" Testament names. ' This fancy seams' tohlfr£. descended .from father .-'.••to son, or perhaps; more properly speaking, from mother to daughter, as U ae^&i; t&Tje; the matron's privilege 1 tese^tthe .Christian. names for the .^children. - This did not and does not jalways meetwiththe after approval of who'ife So dubbed, many of the ^jjanvfe* M3ected "being totally inappropriate to the character to whom they had been given. Eli Frayling, for . iii^fcanc«i ; thought it a great grievance thkt he. should have to perpetuate the ,, name pf .a fond but foolish',old father who, though" himself a good man, was \- v jpunished for Ms 'inability to control ^"jtwo" wicked sons. So he determined -.'-in. the case of his. own. children to make a departure f^in" the rule, and : : frith the frill consent of his town-bred • wife iiisi two -.boys . were' christened jKeiro^d-'Leonarii... ^ -Areli Pratt, the parents . wwe of the. gobd- old easy" sort who thought-veljat..had been good enough for their fathers should also be • • good enough for them.- They detsermined, therefore, when their boy was , born t^at he Vshould not only carry through life a - real Scriptural name, " but; that itr should have a special and ^desirable signification, so Silas was . ^nt^ht tQ leave the matter in the \-- hands of his wife, who, for fully three • weefesj Complied literally with the in jufictaon "td "search the Scriptures" before she triumphantly emerged with :\>Aieli, w r: - Silas, however, was not quite satis ^fij^. until Alary explained that after much patient research she Jiad dis covered that the Hebrew meaning of Areli is "heroic." ' ••'J What/ said she, * can we wish for better than that the dear boy should be~a hero ? ; " , 'Silas was silenced but not quite : /convinced, as Jie had a slight misgiving • - with regard to the convenience of the iiame ibr everyday use. He repeated * ijt;. over and over again, *A-re, A-re,' until the sound seemed familiar to -him. - : ' That'll do, mother,' he said ; ' his fullname will aUersrbe Script'ral, and a^fod old English name is Harry.' So it was settled, but as the boy grew in years Jus mother lost no oppor- * tunity of reminding him of the signification of his full name with the hope that he would strive to be a hero .. through-life. Philip Blaydon had almost felt as if r ah injustice had been done him when a second girl made her appearance on > -this eartMystage, while his ^neighbours right and left were blessed with sons to perpetuate their names and inherit \- their landr But when his partner in ^ life removed.. from the- eartla, he hadreason itobethankful that sot far ar household duties - and' fireside com- -^'fdrtJs ?Went, his little maidHagar » ;'jthen sq well instructed by fier, m6ther ^ to prevent the necessity of calling in addition*! female help. With Phoebe (the dairymaid) and her little si&ter; Doras (called Dotty), Hagar felt as capable as she was proud to act as the youthful mistress of Middle Farm, and her father soon fell happily in accord with her arrangements. Perhaps it would be as well to favor our readers with a closer introduction to Hagar Blaydon at this period of her existence. We may describe her in general terms as a thorough- specimen of a healthy, bright-eyed buxom" Devonshire beauty in the earliest dawn of blushing womanhood. In her manners free, but never forward. Her nut-brown hair lay full about her shoulders, and the part adorning her forehead was neatly parted in the middle, and had a peculiar wavy crinkle of its own as it stretched away back over her ears, indescribably charming, and befitting her noble face, hazel eyes, sweet mouth, and dimpled chin. Add to these advantages a good : temper, an affectionate disposition, a graceful figure, and a lively temperament, and you have Hagar Blaydon photographed before you. • No wonder that Hagar was the delight of her father's, eye and the comfort of his heart; no wonder that aU the lads of the village. strove to gain her favor, and made their own sunshine out of her smiles. The women, too, were equally smitten by her pleasing manner and pretty ways. There had always been a friehdly rivalry between the Fraylingsand the Pratts for the honor of her company. Association with Mrs. Frayling had given to her conversation a superior tone-and a certain refinement to. her manner. She was passionately fond of music, and as Mrs. Frayling was the possessor of a good piano, and perfectly knew how to display its powers, she was able to gratify Hagar's desire to learn, and it ended in her becoming as accomplished a performer as her kind instructress and friend. Fond as. he was of outdoor sport and occupation, . Pierce Frayling spent hours of an evening I enchained to the side of. the instrument, his eyes fixed on Hagar's sweet face, her voice thrilling through him, until she would become suddenly aware of his wrapt attention, and as suddenly close the piano, laughingly assuring him that if she continued playing he. would become lost to the'world altogether. Pierce's constant chum, associate, and schoolmate,. Harry Pratt, was equally as anxious to be included in such enjoyment, although he did not possess the happy privilege of living beneath the same roof with a piano. He was equally as absorbed when he was favored to be present, until he got to look upon the lace of Hagar as the face of an angel. It was becoming a dangerous enjoyment at a dangerous age for two such high-spirited, emotional lads as "these to be brought into such frequent contact with the charms and the gifts- of such a village queen as Hagar Blaydon ef Pen dene. From their earliest infancy; these three tad" known each other; When wee tots together, ; never was little gar seen coming home from the dame school in the village without her attendant squires who took it in turns to lug her up in their arms and carry her over all the rough places, up hill or down hill, till they, finally deposited her at . the house-door of Middle Farm. When all the fund of educational information possessed by Dame Blake was exhausted, so far as the loving little trio were concernied, they were removed together to the public school up the valley, to enjoy all the benefits which such promotion could confer. For. some . years, through summer's sunshine or winter's gloom, the small party went up the valley in company each morning, and down again each evening, Pierce carrying Hagar's books to school, and Harry conveying them home, often singing on the way one or more of the simple ditties taught them in the school hours. But now the time had arrived when these innocent pleasures of childish companionship were to an end. Hagar was called to take complete and permanent control of her father's house, and, consequently her opportunities for association with her former playmates were considerably limited. Pierce and Hariy were both tall and well-grown lads, although the former was the mote robust of the two. All a Saxon in appearance, with light curling short hair, bold blue eyes, and a determined cast of countenance,: he formed somewhat, of a contrast to Harry, whose complexion was rather sallow, and whose features were of a melancholy cast. He was of a slow and deliberate disposition too, while Pierce was quick, sanguine, and passionate- Nevertheless, as Jonathan was to David land David to Jonathan, so were they to each other. . CHAPTER IL life on a small country farm, with its daily humdrum round of duties, and affording so little change as could be found in Pendene, could scarcely be anything else but irksome to two youths like Pierce and Harry. Especially the former, with his sanguine temperament, who had high notions of going out into the world and making a name for himself. These ideas were nurtured by the fagt of his hayi spent two or three of his ; school vacations in Exeter with an old aunt of fiip w»6m h«'^aS a great favorite. ~*The bustle, Ij^^nd attractions of a great city suited his ambition* wonderfully, and opened up to him a future hitherto urithbught of. Oh the last of these occasions he had procured an invitation for his inseparable chum, and the result of that happy time was not only to afford endless foundation for reflection between themselves, but in the estimation of the other lads of the village placed them on a pedestal as those who were to be imitated and respected, as having seen the world. Harry Pratt had always been the weaker vessel of the two! The affection of the boys for each other was not only -perfectly, mutual, but perfectly equal, only' the energy of Pierce always took the lead, and Harry was contentto follow on. Pierce thought their lives, if spent in such a place as Pendene, would be wasted, Harry adopted the same view. Pierce, who greedy devourer of all and sundry iu literature, pictured the beauties and advantages, the wonders and glories of lands beyond the seas, where men grow rich "and become famous at veiy little" trouble to themselves. ; Harry, with his chin between his hands, and his elbows on his knees, would lo6k : up into the face of his friend earnestly, and become' a,n easy convert to belief in the supposition. More than ofrce, too, he bethought him of his Hebrew appellation And his mother's frequent reminder, and would murmur-gently:to himself "Areli, a hero; to become one I must go. out into the world." Naturally, the outcome of Sill this was not .only to maihtain his devotion to his friend, but to increase his respect for his opinion so. much that he was ready to cast aside any pre-coriceived ideas. of', liis owii unless they received .the seal .of Pierce" Frayling's approval,; v And now happened- an event which, seriorcig$n^ was of more importance in shaping the course of' efcente .as regards the ^characters of ou^ story. - • •' . ; li hftd been the custom, of the two lads, dating from the early schoolboy days, to start off every Saturday, weather allowing, and make for the sea coast. A parcel of bread and cheese or bacon sufficed for their rough appetites, - and the day was spent, first in : enjoying a refreshing bath, and then in conversing with one or another of the dozen fishermen, whose cottages were scattered here and there up on the rocks. They early became expert swimmers, and now and then had'the treat of a short boating expedition afforded by the good-natured fishermen, in return for which favor they would often bring them trifles necessary, for their occupation from Pendene. -Two years had elapsed since the first introduction of our heroes to the reader, when, on a hot Saturday morning, they set out for their now time-- honoured jaunt, and arrived at their destination a little later than usual. They were a little heated, but quickly divested themselves of their clothing lest , the sun might prove too hot. Disporting about and between the jocks for a while as usual, they- swam out in company^ when suddenly Harry gave a cry* threw up - his hands, and went under. - Pierce instantly hastened to rescue him, and diving, brought him to the .surface. He „ speedily found that .his companion was insensible, and as the-sea was rough, he called for help.. Fortunately, • they were seen from the'shore, and a boat with two men hurried to' their rescue. Not a minute, too soon either, fol* Pierce was' not only exhausted, ,his burden, but called out as the fishermen drew near, 'I'm bitten—help me!' The fact was, some* monster of the deep had attacked them both, and the lads were drawn on board insensible. They were soon carried to the shore, where a cart, which had con e out from Pendene, Happened to be, and was about to return. Some fresh straw, oilskins, and other suitable material was laid at the bottom, and Pierce and Harry, who in the meantime had been undergoing the necessary treatment at the hands of the rough but kindly fishermen, were placed thereon. They regained consciousness almost simultaneously, but .were faint from loss 61 blood. It was evident that the fish or reptile had first seized Harry by the leg and tried to drag * him down, ahd would have succeeded had not Pierce been near enough to lay hold of him. The monster had then turned on the deliverer and torn a piece of flesh from his thigh. It is easy to imagine what the ultimate result would have been had not the boat appeared, which no doubt scared the monster from his Ptey- •,••.„• V • • V. .. . . A mournful scene it was whenjafter. the - arrival of the sufferers, each of whom were laid by loving hands on their own beds, the members of the three families were alternately visiting the bedsides of their dear ones. The fleetest horse Pendene could furnish was far on its way to Dr. Peters, the medicine' man of the" district;' and his advent anxiously .awaited. - General sympathy with the victims was mixed with gratitude for lives spared, and mingled with the hope that the injuries Avould iiot be serious. At length the arrival of Dr. Peters soon put doubts to" rest. He declared that Harry's wound Was comparatively a slight one, and in a, week or two he would be as well as ever. The case of Pierce was a little more serious, inasmuch as it might affect the hip bone. However, he thought time and careful nursing would end in Pierce recovering his usual health and strength. In a few days, as the doctor had prognosticated, Harry was so well as to be able to get over to Broad Farm to sit by the bedside of the chum who had saved his life at the risk of his own, but who would not hear of thanks. 4 You'd do as much for me, Harry, any day, I know, if it was needed. Say you owe it me if you like old man, and it'll be one of those debts we hope will never be paidj eh? 'Be sure, dear Pierce, if ever it should be needed, I would risk my life for you, and any sacrifice less than that would be only a trifle.' ' Would it, Harry? We shall see.' How often do we promise in all sincerity to make sacrifices when if we only knew the nature of the service required beforehand our tongues would hesitate or be silent. For nine long - weary months did Pierce Frayling pass—chiefly upon his couch—before Dr. Peters pronounced him convalescent. . An intermittent fever had retarded his recovery. During all that time never a day passed but ah hour or tvro of it was spent by Hagar Blaydon at his bedside. His choice flowers, fresh cut every morning, were placed in the glass holder and stood on his little table by the dainty fingers of Hagar, while her trim graceful figure seemed to him like an angel of light as it flitted to and fro, bent updh some little arrangement which would give him pleasure. No wonder that the poor fellow at the impressionable age of pigfiteepL. ^itl^.his.impujLsive sanguine nature fell desperately—ever, head and ears—in love with hit» lifelong playfellow and schoolmate. J vu»t before Pierce was abie to move about, news came from Exeter that his great aunt, whose favorite, he was, had died, and had left by her will a legacy of five hundred pounds to her nephew, Pierce Frayling, " for his whole, sole, and immediate use, without any condition or reduction whatsoever." This helped on Pierce's physical improvement immensely, and he pictured to himself a future of travel and success according with his born inclination. As if in aid of his desires, Dr. Peters advised, after his serious ' illness, -a thorough change—even of clijnate 'if possible—which broke down any opposition affection naturally created oh the part of his parents to such a separation as it involved, It was ultimately settled that so soon as time and circumstance would allow, - Pierce should be gratified- Not long before the period we are dealing with, the gold fever had broken out in the colony of Victoria, Australia, and all sorts of wild stories, all the more attractive on account of the undoubted foundation of facts,- were freely promulgated. Pierce Frayling read all this, and speedily made =up his mind to try his fortune there. Apt to act on the spur, of the moment, he felt that one important matter must be settled ere the change take place. One evening he purposely waylaid Hagar' crossing from her own ; home to his, and familiarly taking her by. the arm, turned, her footsteps in another direction, and after a few paces, turned her about, and, looking her straight in the face, said: ' Hagar, I know you love me, but do you love me well enough to be my wife?' Hagar stood for a moment as if petrified, the suddenness of the question so astonished her. Pierce then continued: 1 1 have frightened you, dear, but you know I am soon going away, and I can't go without knowing tins. Say yes, or noV and then he took her right hand in his, and gentij' removing her brown hair from her temple with his left, awaited her answer. With a look of truth and innocence she then quietly replied : 'Pierce, dear, I cannot remember when I did not love you, and if the feeling that I could not live without you means that I love you well enough to be your wife, then I can say ' Yes' with all my heart.' The answer was sufficient, and Pierce walked in air. All the time of Pierce's illness his friend, Harry, had haunted his pillow, had anticipated his wants, and longed for some tiling yet more to do to prove his love and gratitude. He also' saw, with a pang of jealousy, Hagar's attention to Pierce, and almost wished he were the invalid. When, afterwards, Pierce in a burst of old confidence told him all his intentions, his sanguine hopes, his speculations as to his future, and, last of all, his successive love, he could bear no more. He hurried away to seek a spot where he could give vent to his feelings. ' Why,' he asked himself, ' why had he not himself spoken sooner, for he knew Hagar also loved him, and the answer c yes' might also have been his, Now, it was too late, and life for the future would be a burden. His mouth must be for ever shut. Never would he, must he, part with, his secret. Never would he dim the joy of his friend's e&re;^r. , Di4 .he npt owe his life to him 1 - Had he not -vowed f to serve him whatever the sacrifice 1 Truly was he soon called upon to verify the significance of his name, Areli; he had to qualify for the title by yielding up the desire of his eyes and heart, and none were to know it—to remain a hero unknown as such even to the end. CHAPTER in. Early marriages are not, or, at least, were not, encouraged in Devonshire. Mr. and Mrs. Frayling for a long time opposed i>he idea of Pierce entering into such a solemn engagement and: responsibilities at such an early age; As week after week went by^ however, and the person "chiefly concerned de-, clared that he had madp up r his. mind to float his little capital in the promising, if not promised, land of Australia; that he had promised to marry; Hagar Blaydon, and she had promised tp be his wife; that he could not think of commencing a new life in a distant land without her, and yet that his perfect restoration to health required the change, they at last reluctantly consented. The greatest opposition arose from Philip Blaydon, who could not think of parting with his chief comfort, help, and solace in life, his dear Hagar. The difficulty was a serious one until at last Blaydon himself solved it by resolving to sell his farm and stock and cast in his,lot with the young people. His younger daughter, Dotty, would be able to look after him, and as to Pierce's parents, they had another son, Leonard, who was now getting old enough to take his brother's place, while Silas Pratt and his wife would still retain their son, Harry, or Areli, as their mainstay. All this time the last- named youth was suffering the pangs of disappointed love, and anticipating the separation from all and everything beside his parents that he held dear in the world. He went about, melancholy of mood and manner, and sick at heart, while all around seemed too busy even to notice his condition. But time waits for iio man, be he gentle or simple, merry or melancholy, and soon the day arrived when a party, consisting of Mr., Mrs., and Leonard Frayling, Mr. and Mrs. Pratt and Harry were on board the "Bonny Yarra " at Plymouth to pay a lingering arewell to their lifelong friends, good Silas Pratt and his daughter)*, the elder of whom, a youthful bride of seven days, stood afterwards oh the poop ladder with her rigKt arm passed through the left of her husband, and her two hands clasped in each other, until the ship stood well out to sea, and ultimately became invisible. For fully five"years after the great event recorded above, matters moved on much as usual in the quiet Devonshire valley. Very few strange either in features or fashion found their way to interrupt the even current of the lives of the residents of the village of Pendene. Harry Pratt's grief for his lost love did not kill him, but it increased his reserve • while the removal of Pierce took away the prop upon which he had leaned—perhaps too much—and taught him to look within himself for resolution and decision. Many letters had been received from Pierce detailing the movements of his party- in the new . land, and many* a summer's evening in the porch of one or other of the farms, or in winter by the capacious and cheerful chimney corner, did the Fraylings and the Pratts, with their two sons, pay grave attention to the interesting items recorded by Pierce's facile pen, somewhat to the following effect:— . First, their impressions, and incidents connected with their voyage, and their safe arrival at Melbourne. Then, their journey up country through the bush—so unlike the green woods of Devon—-and their stay and final settlement on some land near the borders of New South Wales. Next came a description of Blaydon anci Frayling's selection near Bogles Gap the clearing operations—the difficulty of getting assistance owing to the attack of gold- fever from which the colony of Victoria was then suffering, finishing for a time with the assurance that they were all well and happy, had a hundred or two acres under ciiltivation; also two or three * extensive paddocks with plenty of grass, with sheep to eat it, and taking it for all In all they were perfectly contented -with their lot. Some months then intervened, and a letter in a black-bordered envelope arrived to announce the death Hagar's father. He died rather sud denly, and left all his possessions to Pierce. Again a long period elapsed, and then came a very long letter telling of disastrous times having befallen them —continuous droughts, sheep disease, a bush-fire, destroying standing corn, and a cloud of minor troubles, known only to, but known well by many who, like Pierce Frayling, have left all else to commence a new life with tolerably good prospects. And now we find Hairy with doleful ditty from Pierce to his father, reading to the usual audience the alarming statement that he, Pierce, had been obliged to borrow money largely of the banks, and was almost hopelessly involved; indeed, unless the then present season should prove a wonderfully good one, a preclosure would ensue, and they would have to leave Bogles Gap homeless and ruined. Now awoke the slumbering reserve power hitherto hidden in Harry's breast. He pictured to himself the condition of his dearest friends as worse even than it really was. Pierce, his boyhood's faithful companion, who had saved his life; Hagar, whose image was still his ideal of womanly perfection; the youthful and lively Dotty, whom he had often nursed on his knee, to say nothing of the splendid boy who had been added to the little colonial family two or three years before; these to suffer undeservedly in such a shape. The heroic spirit again awoke within him. Something must and should be don?, and that speedily.. . Two years previously to this, Mr, and Mrs. Pratt, feeling they were getting into years, and knowing that their son had no inclination for farming, had resolved to sell. Just at this juncture when the letter from Pierce arrived conveying such alarming news,. they had completed a transfer with most satisfactory terms, and found themselves with ample provision for the remainder of their days. Moreover, they had been laying aside for Harry ever since he was born, and this portion now, with interest,: made a considerable sum. His whole soul being set upon rescuing his friend from his dilemma, he easily persuaded his fond parents to grant him the means, and heralding his coming with an encouraging epistle, took an early opportunity of starting for Australia. About three months after Harry Pratt had dispatched his letter to fierce, the sun was setting behind some low hills which marked the termination of Blaydon and Frayling's selection, Bogies Gap, Victoria. Bound the small, but neat and comfortable homestead, signs of life usual to a colonial farm were apparent,, but one must have been able to peep through the open door to discover Pierce Frayling and his wife sitting in serious consultation side by side, while Hagar's sister, Dotty, now a handsome copy bf the former, was tr»"»ig to quiet the childish shouts Mitics of a noble boy of four. Pierce had developed into a tall, broad- shouldered, bronzed woodman, while sweet Hagar had scaroely altered in form or feature. But, for all that, care was setting oh each brow, and anxiety filled the hearts of the loving couple as they talked of their future. ' All depends on to-morrow,' said Pierce, * whether we go or stay, my darling, but it will seem hard to lose all after such a struggle as we have had. I have to meet Mr. Strutt at the Bank in Hainglong at twelve, when he will pay me for the few fat sheep left me, and give me; his brat Opinion of what we should do. In the meantime, Hagar, dear, pray that this last greatest calamity of all may be spared us.' Twenty miles had Pierce to ride the next day to transact his business, which might/occupy an hour or two. during which time his horse would feed. Hagar would not expect him home before dark, when he hoped to be able to see - a way out of their difficulties. Punctually at twelve Mr. Strutt met Pierce at the Bank and handed him over a bundle of notes, taking his receipt in return. Pierce, while ^counting the bank-notes, dropped, -bne, which was returned to him by a swarthy, coarse- looking man, in aidrab billycock hat, evidently a roUseabout on a station. Pierce thanked him, but could not help observing his low "forbidding-looking brow. " Mr. Strutt, who was a large sheepowner of the district,- felt an interest in Pierce and his fortunes, and suggested a scheme which, in the event of his hoving to forfeit his selection, would still afford a chance of success in life, and Pierce set out on his journey homeward,; his notes in his breast-pocket, with a lighter heart than he had felt for some time. , ; Daylight was already on the decline, and Pierce 1 was within about two miles of his own home, passing a gloomy piece bf road with thick bush on one side and a deep gully, from which the place took its name, on ; the bthel', when a horseman suddenly seemed te spring up from the gully and .seized :ihe rein of Pierce's horse, at the same time presenting a revolver and shouting in peremptory tone, "Hands up! Quick'." Before Pierce had time to reply or comply, a dark figure rain from the bush on the other side, and presenting a'revolver at the back of the first man, fired. The bullet evidently took effect, for the would-be robber fell headlong from his steed, the pistol flying from his hand on to the road. Pierce hastened to dismount and thank his deliverer.- The light .was hardly sufficient now to distinguish features, but' quite good enough to draw out simultaneously from the lips of the. two men the exclamations, Pierce! Harryl" Wonderful as it may seem,- it was indeed the hand of Pierce's old and dear chum , that had thus so opportunely wiped out the debt so long owing, as well as gratifying the Hebrew- signifiration bf his iiamto " Arbli,ffh0roic ! The robbpr :was recqgni^by Pierce as the man who had restored the fallen : note, in the Bank. He ..^vas shot through the shoulder - an€h could &ot; stir, but not mbrtally founded; " The police were soon: on • tlie spot, and recognised, in Pierce's , assailant the noted bushranger, ^J'ack Hillton, the perpetrator of more than one murderj and for whose capture the sum of one thousand pounds' : reward was offered, and in due course received by Harry. What a joyful home-coming for Hagar; and- what a surprise for Harry when, after .mistaking. Dotty for her sister/ he felt that after all another Hagar had been waiting for him in the wilderness. . Little more remains tp :be said. Pierce was rescued in. time, for Harry insisted on his sharing the reward. <Ifs true,' he said, 'if l had not been there you might have lost your life, but if you hadn't been there I should have had no one to shoot. Beside^' he added, 'we have always been friends, and soon, unless Dotty objects, we shall be brothers.' Dotty didn't object, and so the selection, the stock, and. the homestead remained as before, with' the addition of Harry's name as part owner, he having to the satisfaction of all paid "Full Compensation." . 