A TERRIBLE BUSHFIRE. IN THE MOUNT BARKER DISTRICT. GREAT SACRIFICE OF PROPERTY. THOUSANDS OF POUNDS LOST. There have been bushfires in the Mount Barker district at intervals ever since the country was settled by the early colonists, but no conflagration in the annals ot the South has been so disastrous and responsible for so much distress as that which swept through some 20 miles of farming, pastoral, and wattle land on Sunday. The first out break occurred at Aldgate on Friday, but it was checked. On Sunday morning, how ever, flames sprang up at the back of Hahn dorf, where great difficulty was experienced in preventing them spreading to the town ship, and early in the afternoon residents of Mount Barker were made aware of its approach by the dense volumes of smoke which enveloped the town. Large parties of beaters were quickly conveyed in the direc- tion of the fire, while others made their way on foot, and a big battle with the flames ensued. The early-comers concentrated their forces at Mr. G. Ruge's property, where the fire had obtained a strong hold of the rough scrub land. The task with which they were confronted was a most formid- able one. The fire spread right round the homestead and came to within a few feet of the dwelling, but by dint of almost super- human exertions the house was saved, as was also the hayshed, notwithstanding that the roof was of thatch and that the flames were almost upon it. It was, however, impossible to check the advance towards the outbuild- ings, which were soon enveloped in flames— stables, trapshed, cowshed, and pigsties. Fortunately the buggy was away at tha time, and so was saved, along with the harness, but all the heavy harness was consumed, and a winnower, chaffcutter, and the whole of the farm tools were likewise destroyed. The wagon was ignited three different times, but on each occasion the fire was noticed before it had obtained a firm hold of the vehicle. Two pigs were sacrificed, and a number of fowls and chickens added to the death-roll. Mr. Ruge's loss cannot be a penny under £300, the land burnt including a fine 80-acre section under wattles, while a dozen or more trees in the orchard have been rendered use- less. After visiting Mr. Ruge the flames made a clean sweep of the hill on which Mr. August Bilske has a 20-acre block and thence spread over Mr. Hallewell's large holding. Young Bilske was very harshly treated. His house was demolished and with it furniture, clothing, and all contents, while the fine wattles with which the land was thickly covered, two tons of stripped bark, the embryo orchard, sheds, fencing, and horse feed were all burnt. His total losses were not less than £200, and all that he has left are two horses and the clothes he stands up in. To add to his distress a deformed wrist, the result of a gun accident, debars him from doing any work that is really hard. Mr. T. Bilske had a wonderful escape, for, although the home is surrounded by much inflammable material, it was quite untouched, his only losses consisting of fencing, grass, and garden produce on leased land half a mile or so away. A corner of Mr. H Tre- leaven's wattle paddock was swept and con- siderable loss sustained. Meanwhile Mr. J. G. Liebelt and his family were fighting hard to save their home, and when reinforcements arrived the flames seemed to redouble their efforts to utterly demolish the house, sheds, and stacks. Once a piece of flaming bark set fire to a rafter of the roof, but it was happily noticed in time. With sparks flying in all directions it is marvellous that the thatched sheds and stacks escaped, especially as the flames came to within a very short distance of the buildings. Had one of them been ignited nothing would have saved the whole place from destruction. - Although so fortu- nate in this respect, Mr. Liebelt (whose hand was severely burned in the fight with the. flames) was not lucky enough to escape heavy loss, for muoh of the fencing, grass, and wattles on his free hold land some distance away and on that leased by him from various owners were burnt. Altogether he is a sufferer, to the extent of at least £140, the loss in wattles alone being about £100. The fire which robbed Mr. Liebelt of so much was a branch of the general conflagration, the course of which was right through Mr. Hallewell's section, where the long grass and large quantity of waste stuff lying about provided splendid food for it. The high hills facing the house and apiary were soon a mass of flames, and it was evident that only the most strenuous exertions on the part of the dozen or so workers who had assembled would prevent the gully being swept also. Pieces of lighted bark were carried right over the house to the rise on the opposite side of the beehives, and the flames came within uncomfortable distance of the boxes, but were extinguished in time. There was great danger of a wooden shed catching, but thanks to a liberal supply of water in a well close by its demolition was averted. A stream from a watering-can seems insignificant in the case of a fire of such dimensions, but by this means Mr. Hallewell was enabled to do excellent work along the line of burning grass, his efforts being far more successful than those of the men with boughs and bags. Mr. Hallewell puts down his loss at about £260, which is a modest estimate, but if the fire had got amongst the beehives, 220 of which are at present tenanted, the figure would of course have been very much higher. Mr. J. W. Paech sustained very heavy losses in wattles, feed, and fences, quite £500 worth, of which were destroyed, while it was with the greatest difficulty that his house, sheds, and stacks were saved, the flames being almost at the doors of the dwelling. But for the timely help of Echunga residents It is more than likely that everything Would hare gone. In front of Mr. Paech's the fire appears to have deserted the paddocks and taken a course along the fence, this apparently being the connecting link with Mr. K. P. Stevens's and Mr. A. C. Daw's paddocks on the opposite side of the road. Mr. Sierens's property sustained the full brunt of the flimes, which, gaining new life from the .excellent material on the corner, quickly licked round the new tool ehe.l and consumed all its contents, including a full equipment of apiarist'* appliances, tins, &?. Tne other outhouses were soon doomed, and when, satisfied witn lis w irk here, the fire jumped the road into Mr. A. G. Daw's. padrlock and the properly raited; by Mr. p.j Davis the home and « (<> beehives were all that Mr. Stevens lied leli . The hires burnt totalled 160, while • number of the 1500 frames destroyed contained wax, £15 worth of whioh was lo>t. . A pig and between 15 and 20 head of phulLry were also" burnt, and the fruit-treea we-e spoilt, s> that with sundries Mr. Stevens was robbed of fully £100.; He had just got his apiary into good order, and having obtained IS tons of honey latlryear and, anticipating another.ebod aeaaon, lie would hare dune exceedingly well; aa it ia he has a1! his workto go orer again. Some bees were burnt, but fortunately the majority of hit hives were in another part of the district at the lime of the Ore. The land occupied by Mr. Davis was also gone aver, but lie, however, esoeped with no further damage than that occasioned by the ignition of some clothing anil bedding on the line, computed to be wnrtli about £5, the pig and fowla getting off scot-free. Two horses belonging to an Indian hawker were grazing in the paddock, and one, valued at £16, fell a victim to the flame*, the other neaping with aome severe injuries, from which it is expected to recorer. 1 Mr. John Miuard, of Mount Barker,jfoo owns Lite properties rented by Meseps, Stereos and Davis, loses between £100 and £500 and unless helped will be aenously distressed as the result of the terrible j visitation. Adjoining Davis's is the farm of! Mr. H. Hunt, and here the work of the fiery element was most complete. The house was aired, and so wen the shed, trolly, horses, harness, three pigs, and cattle, but everything else was greedily devoured. With the flames all around them the family could not obtain help from outside, although then wen a number of men eager do assist in the unequal contest, and it was only by battling :with that determine! iso born'of despair that the entin balding wait not" cleared. His vegetable garden suffered first, and then the flames came ou Inwards the buildings, scotching a couple of tons of stored potatoes, a quantity of hay and straw, and the fruit- trees on the way. Ill spite of the gallant efforts made to ware the occupants of the pigsties three of the warm gmiijaTljnMslwil, and the ona wliioh got awey prpbeblj met • similar fate in the scrub. Time after lime Mr. Hunt rushed through thefUmes, whije so hard did the members of luFfttmly work in the face of the blinding ■m|)j^ and intense heat that the; frequently feU'li iwthfrom sheer exhaustion. The long etw#SthirtchCd shed caught alight in several plgCW. bat the. flames were beaten out. It is astdnithing that the. roof did not ignite, as thousands of sparks and pieces of bark were flyiS)> orer from the adjoining paddocks. Mr. Hunt says £600 will not clear liirn. His 200 acres were well stocked with wattles, all of which have been ruined, ami in addition to the loss of four pigs and two goats he has been deprived of his vegetables, fruit, straw, hay, and grass. There iv, moreover, hardly a post left in his whole line of fencing, while of the 60 tons of firewood which had been cut and ■tacked ready for disposal nothing remains but a heap of aahes. Mr. Hum's position is a most disheartening one. Ha bad, after years of hard work, secured a comfortable home, and so well was he progressing that he expected in a short time to enjoy the fruits of his toil in well-earned rest, but these bright visions seem now to bare vanished. After leaving Mr. Hunt** land the fire passed through the properties of Mrs. Folleit and Mr. S. Ck Thomas, consuming everything in its path. The loss of the former owner is quite £200, while the latter finds it difficult to estimate his damage. Mr. W. N. Hedges1 a section, on which a fire occurred a few weeks ago, was also cleared of everything combustible. Mr. W. Waters had a most unenviable experience. When the approach < of the fire was noticed Mrs. Waters took the children away, and soon after her departure the flames surrounded the cottage. No one could cotoe to the assistance of the defender, who fought so hard that he several times became exhausted and fell lo the ground. He had the sttisfaclion, however, of saving the house, but the suspense of his wife was. not relieved until evening, her anxiety being intensified by the rumor which reached ItBr that the house was quite demolished and that Iter husband had perished in. the -fltm'es. Mr. Curimore's estate, which was next visited, suffered severely, and the large baud of beuters who had assembled there had the greatest difficulty in saving the house. Fencing and grass were destroyed, and the effort* to ftspve one of tlie buthouses was unsuccessful! while the residence was frequently threatened, and a .number of sheep were lost. Mr. Oudmore'a loss is very heavy. Mr. T. Natt was lucky in getting off with a email burnt area, as was also Mr. Alex aiider,' but Mr. A. C. Daw, into whose extensive properly the fire then travelled, was not so fortunate, the flames milking elesn sweep of everything. A very modest estimate makes Mr. Daw's loss £500, and'but for the timely rescue of the stock it would have been more than doubled. Old Mrs. Ii-toey, whose home adjoins Mr. Daw's land, was alone when the fire made its appearance, and had it not been for the arrival of Mr. H. Thompson, who checked Lhe progress of the flames by cutting a gap in the hedge, the ; whole of the buildings would have been ! destroyed. Beyond a few fruit-trees and a i little fencing Mrs. htcey did not lo*e anything, but even these mean a great deal to i a woman of 80 who lias to make a living 1 from Iter little holding. After converting Mr. Daw's section into a desolate waste the flames passed on to the Lashbrook filiate and j »ined the Maccesfield fire near Bugle Range*. Afterwards they crossed tiie railway line an i, entering the Scrubby Hill paddocks, travelled to the Tinpot, where their progress was checked, the main body keeping to the west until finally extinguished within a few miles of Strathalbyn. Those who had taken part in the fierce battte in this direction were comforted with the reflection that all that wue now required would be careful watching during the night. There wit* c nisternation, therefore, when on turning homewurd dense smoke was seen arising from the direction of Dpnn'a Run, lo the north- west' of the town, and as the volume became ~ greater and greater and flames appeared on the brow of the hill a rush was made for the spot. The fire had broken out afresh near Mr. LiebellV The few residents who hud not taken part in the flame-fighting on the outskirts were also alarmed, but before anything like a force could be mustered the hedge leading down Lovers' Lane was a sheet ..of fire. Strangely enough, the residences of -Messrs. W. and Ellis were passed over, IN THE PATH OF THE FIEE. A View on Mr. Hallewell's Property. A FALLEN MONARCH. On the main road from Mount Barker to Macclesfield. ALL THAT IS LEFT OF TWO HUNDRED POUNDS'. WORTH. At Mr. W. Macarty's homestead, Mount Barker. notwithstanding the proximity of haystacks ! and other combustibles. Then a piece of bark fell oa Mr. Harry Paltridge's property, and in a very short time the fiimes were almost right up to the back of the lio'ase, where the beaters were hard pressed fair a time. Some of the fruit-trees were scorched and the fine ornamental hedge destroyed, while grass and fencing were also ..lost. Travelling down the hedges towards the town, the flames were at the corner near Mr. J. W. Walkom's shop in an alarmingly short space of time, and fears of the whole of Mount Bdrker being demolished were enter tained. Indeed a telegraph post caught alight near Messrs. Dutch Bros.* iron works, but ' thts ami the hedge were put out after a severe fight, in which the ladies of the town took a prominent part. In the meanwhile another spark from the hill had dropped into Mr. W. Macarty's yard, and before the small party of beaters could stamp it out the stables sheds, and pigsty were a blazing mass. The arrival of fresh helpers prevcuted the dwelling going also, but it was impossible to save anything ' from the outhouses. Before the stable had gob fairly alight, however, live of the six horses were released, but the other poor brute perished, and the two pigs met with the same fate, the heat from the burning buildings being intense. Much else that was valuable was lost by Mr. Macarty. The trapshed con tained a wagonette and a spring dray, while there was burnt in addition a large quantity of hay, chaff, and harness. In all a loss of about £200 was sustained. An outhouse on Mr. Trigg's holding, nearer the township, was consumed, bdt fortunately the house was saved. Small outbreaks, caused by falling sparks, also occurred on tile properties - of Messrs. Prank Paltridge and F. 0. Smith and Mrs. Richardson, but they were promptly 1 extinguished, while the whole of the houses in Teeklctowu would have been raxed to the ground had not the flames been attacked with great vigor. The other losers in the town ship were Mrs. Macfarlan,. whose fences were burnt, and Mr. Chapman, whose haw thorn hedge wis injured. When the excitement occasioned by the oar row escape of the town had subsided a little u report ca ne to" hand that flrrs were burning near the C ithnlic Church and on Mr. W. Rol lisou'e pronerly, on the other side .of the town, but the ularin can-el by tfie intimation: was soon allayed when it was found that neither outbreak was of large dimensions and was soon made safe. The pieces of d>ark which caused these conflagrations were blown from the top of the hill on Dunn's Run, about two miles away, whiclf shows how strongly the wind was blowing ut the time. Nothing else of note occurred during the remainder of the eveuiug, and the burning 1 »gs and trees.- were carefully watched all night. In (he early hours some welcome showers of rain fell and averted a further outbreak, and at daylight all danger \ practically over. i Nothing but praise can be b-slowed on the I residents of the district for the manner in j which they worked throughout the fire affected areas. Almost every resilient of ; Mount Barker turned out to battle with the j fltines, and the la lies supplied the hard- I working and unselfish beaters with tea and | refreshments. Services at (he various churches j were ubaudoued, the ministers taking a hand I i in the fire-fighling. It is certain that had the beaters beau less energetic in their efforts the rxlensive damage would have been con 1 siderably augmented, while their splendid work saved Mount Barker from being con verted into a heap of smouldering ruins. IN AND AROUND MACCLESFIELD. Early ou Sunday morning the residents of Macclesfield became aware of the fire by the smoke coming from Western Flat. The out break, so far us the Macclesfield district is o-tnrerne I, is supposed to have started in Messrs. Davenport's property on the EcUunga road, and from there it ru-he ) on past the Flaxley Cnapel, where the flames caught the griss and trees on the church side and sped <>n along both sides of the road towurds the township. The fences were in some places completely demolished, while telegraph-poles by the half-dozen at a stretch were also consumed, the only indication of their position being the insulators which hang on the wires. On the right-hand side going into Maccleefield the flames passed from Messrs. Davenports', who lost heavily, through Mr. \\\\\ Anderson's property, clearing grass and fount*?, and then into Mr. J. "Oalaby's, taking quite . a mile of fencing ' and' 'all herbage. Further along Mr. J.' Mott*s land was most severely treated, and Mr. G-. Wyatt'a house had a narrow escape. Mrs. Austin Kelly, an old woman, ' in her husband's absence, had as much as she could oossibly manage in saving her dwelling, the fire being most persistent in Its efforts to get hold of the building, while a couple of pigs were burned alive in their sty and a haystack was consumed. This loss is very severe to the Kelly a, who are old people unable to work for their living. From here the fire sped on until Mr. P. Casey's was passed,, for whom it burned about 40 acres of grass with feneing, and then the flames weut over into Mr. James Mott's paddock on the left*hand side and assisted in the work of destruction carried on by the fire on. that portion of the track. ' After the flames had become general oh botli sides at Flarley the fire oh the church site went through Mr. Edmonds's property, consuming grass, fencing, .fruit-trees, .and wnttles, while the house was tn' great danger uWo. Passing through tloliamoy e ana Berry's, who lost grass and- fencing, divided and ran round both eidee of Mr. John O'Malley's homestead, not damaging any of his belongings, bat near the road Mr* W. Wooding lost a stable, fencing, and fruit trees, while the walls of the house were blackened by the flames. Then Mr. and Mrs. Gratwiclc (boLh agad. people, between- 70 and 80 years old) were colled upon to fight the fi-imes, and with watering-cans and by dint of much hard - work.■ Uiey managed to save the hoose and fectce at the aide, but a big blackberry hedga at the road helped in the ruin of fruit-trees, • stable, trap-shed,' and tool-house, with their contents, 50-gum posts end a 12. months1, supply of cut-up firewood being also demolished. Mr. Gratwick estimates . his loss' at over £50. The bottom of the garden was also visited by the destroying agent,-which then sped on through Mr. 0. Motive property, burning much grass and fencing. Mr. E. H. Siqith's place, was. aim visited, ...grass, jand fencing, being burnt. From Mr. D. Mott's the fltme* continued, on. . through Mr. ,.James Mott's land,'inhere. the. assisted by the flimes crossing from the right-hand fide of the road, became general, and the familiar paddock'would?npWciiaedly.. be recognized hy patrons of the New Year's Day picnic. Altogether Mr. Mott's loss in pasture utid fencing on his 320 acres of land must total £2001while . it i8 -not certain whether any stock have perished. The chances of the^fire going straight through tiie township c^r^?now -yery. great, but luckily t he ;flan^,;fsy^e<^by arhgjh left the liaju^ sMeTa^.ewept fiei^ly up over the hill and/4dwh.into-^he gol^ towards Bugle Ranges, visiting fl«h;home^ stead. Sparks.from the burning: gttma;pn? Hie hill caught the" thatch roofvpf 1 the buildipfeJii^W O Malley's hattie^-and its contentsj yras completely destroyodj^pirta; of the wa]}ij©n]r;rcra*inin£. No^ayattM^^df furniture nor.wh.st iiUl6 money was^Uiifthe* house could ^J^feured, and, with;hayjrt:ack, the low* is catculatedlio reach ^fiilljr ^SlOO,^ Mr. O'Malley being left penniless. Mr. P. Murphy lost wattles, fencing, and pasture, while Mr. D iris, in order to save his house and creamery, had to sacrifice 'oul-builfiings, tools, haystack, harness, couple of pigs wattles «nd bark, and^ grass, which he assessed at over £75. Mr. E. Meghan lost outbuildings, poultry, pigs,' grass, and fencing, and Mr. Malone all but,, his house, while Mr. Ross lost outbuildings, a spring-dray, and grass. Messrs. Lovick! and Cochrane had a miraculous escape, the'-1 fire passing on in front of their places and also at tlie back, just missing hedges and gardens. .Crossing the gully at Mr. P. O'Malley*• the flames sped on towards Long Valley, collaring in their course the property of Mr. Pfeiffer, who saved his.house, but was Vbig -loser through wattles, grass, peas, and fencing. Messrs. T. Ellis, R. Bouoaut, D. J. Gray, D. Wakefield, HolUmby, Yates, and .McNainara all lost grass and fencing, and after visiting Mr. W. Hill's property at Doctor's Creek and burning feed and fencing and about £100 worth of wattles the fire went on towards Long Valley. -From Messrs. Lovick and Cochrane'^ hold ings, on the Bugle Ranges road, the fire, still going very quickly, passed on into Mr. T. K. Bowm^'a Laslibr-ook JCstate*. part of which is on the other tide of the read sad which wis also in flames. At the homestead only ft women (the keeper), Mr. Bou'ne (overseer), and a lad were amiable to combat the fire, which was not checked until witliin a few yards of the walls of the house. Not to be conquered, the dimes galloped orer the well-grassed sections on both sides of the dwelling, scorching the trees in the orchard, and a little further nn the road waa crossed. Mr. Bourne tried hard to ease the grata on the estate, but only with the greatest difficult; was a little between the homestead and the overseer's dwelling preserved, the flight of the flames being so rapid. Mtsfort una of a very serious character now assailed the overseer and his family,, for the fire had reached hie house and had caught the thalclied portion of the roof. Placing their children on the road for safely, (he man and his wife, finding the preservation of the building hopeless, tried to rescue their furniture and other belongings, but they only succeeded in getting out a chest of drawers and a dressing-table, just manag ing to carry away these with the clothes they stood in. The property generally had now been swept by the fire, and desolation stared man and wife in the face in almost every direction on the estate, and in one place were to be seen in a heap over 100 dead sheep, whi'e hundreds of others of the flock were burned to badly as to be rendered quite blind and the wool charred black. Many of the sheep on Tuesday stood still when approached by the spectator, and took no notice whatever of t he footsteps. Others tried to hobble away, hut failed, and only a very few were possessed of suffioient strength to scamper off from the intruder. Some of the poor creatures are in a terrible condition, and it is certain that tliey will have to be destroyed, as there cannot be Bny hope of their recovery. The damage done at Lftshbrook was very heavy, for, beside the burning of the overseer's house and the great loss of sheep, there have to be reckoned miles of fencing and hundreds of acres of excellent grass, while it is not certain as to whether all theoattle escaped. The firr, after completing its work of devastation on Mr. Bowman's station, sped on to Bugle Ranges, where it joined the flames which had bo disastrously traversed the Mount Barker district. IN THE TUNGKILIiO AND TALUNGA DISTRICTS. Writes our Hount Pleasant correspondent : —After the recent eerere fires many indulged in the hope that there would be no more outbreaks this season, but unfortunately the unexpected has happened, for on Sunday we experienced one of the most destructive fires that has occurred here for many years. About 10 o'clock a party of four were driving from this town ship towards Blumberg, and when nearing Mr. P. Hvnes's they saw a log smouldering in the paddock. Tltey quickly informed Mr. Hynes, but before lie could get there the fire had caught the grass, and in a scry short time the conflagration was general. The alarm was speedily given in the surrounding townships, and willing helpers came from all quarters, but a strong northerly wind carried the flames in the direction of Mount Torrene on the eoutli and Tungkillo on the east. Mr. P. Hynes lost a considerable amount of grass and fencing. The flames, sweeping on, consumed a fine paddock of wattles belonging to Mr. Discoyitch, and then continued their conrse through the property of Mrs. McLean, who lost 3000 acres of grsss and 200 aheep (160 being found under one tree). In Messrs. Bradford's, Hannam's, and Hoad'a the flames carried everything before them, also bnrning the whole of the Terlinga Station except the homestead and shearing ahed. Mr. DeweiTs land was entered and 600 acres of grass destroyed, in addition to a considerable Amount of fencing, while Mrs. Walker lost all her grass (400 acres) and fences and the Messrs. Melrose 2000 acres. Beporta from outlying places indicate that many others suffered severely, bat it is impossible at present to give all details. Msny, how ever, have lost all their grass and fencing, in cluding Messrs. Critchely, Carraill, Verrall, Stprieraan, P. O'Dea, Mrs. O'Dea, D. O'Dea, Collins, Guthrie, Kain, Fendler, Cheney, and others. About 10.30 it was thought that all danger waa over, but a fresh outbreak oc curred, burning another large area, and it was considerably after midnight before things were anything like safe. On Monday it broke out again, but willing hands soon had the'flames under control. IN THE STRATH ALBYN DISTRICT. The bushfire which, raged on Sunday caused great excitement (write* our local correspondent), especially as tha wind was bringing ■. the' -blaze along at race horse speed direct to Strafhslbyn. It was only due to the very prompt efforts of a few good workers that this calamity was averted. Nearly all Strathalbyn turned out,, but their efforts against such a terrible wind were almost fruitless. The spectacle wss a thrilling one, especially when the wind, taking a turn about 10 p.m., carried the flames with lightning rapidity down the ▼alley at the back of the Wheal Ellen mine right through to Woodchester. We are very thankful that no lives were lost, but the scene of desolation is terrible to look upon to-dav. The largest sufferer is the Hon. J. L. Stirling, who lost about 3800 acres of feed. AT COOKE'S PLAINS. List Sunday was the most disagreeable day we have had for the summer (writes our Cooke's Plains correspondent). The wind in the.niforning blew from the north-east and brought with it bliuding clouds of smoke from a bushflre that had been raging in the scrub for two days previously. The fire started not far - from the Moorlands woolshed on Friday and continued burning till Tuesday evening. Many thousand* of acres of scrub have bean burnt, but I cannot hear of any further damage. It is said that the fire passed within a mile of Mr. A. Anderson's farm at Coomaudock, but fortunately the wind veered round to the north west, otherwise nothibg would hate prevented the flames from crossing his farm, and as his wheat is still in the field his iosa would have been very heavy. 