BUSH FIRES. Extensive outbreaks. heavy losses to farmers. homesteads, stock and grain destroyed. The past week has been a disastrous time for farmers in the north-eastern part of the colony, and in the Riverina owing to the outbreak of bushfires, which ! have devastated miles upon miles of country. The township of Wangaratta | was at one time in great danger of be- ' ing burnt out, whilst at Albury and in i the country skirting the Riverina the ' damage to crops and grass has been ' enormous. From various parts; of New South Wales devastating fires are also ' reported. ! THE OUTBREAK AT THOONA. ; The bushfire which originated at Lake ; i Rowan on Wednesday, and devastated j Thoona and the neighboring di.strist de- ' veloped (writes the "Ovens and Murray Advertiser") into the largest conflagra tion yet experienced in that portion of the north-eastern district. After , tra velling ten or twelve miles from Lake Rowan and spreading over an extensive ' area of wheat-bearing country, it reach ed Warby Ranges on Thursday night, and burned along the hliis until Friday. High winds have prevailed every day since Wednesday, which is a most un usual occurrence" in the district, and it was impossible to check the fire. Not withstanding the combined efforts of , many men, the flames were entirely in the control of the elements, and after being held under for a few hours, the strong winds carried the fire along, com pelling the beaters to fly for safety. On Friday the fire was brought down from the Warby Ranges into the graz ing lands between Kiilawarra and Wan garatta, and branches on fire were car ried in various directions, according as the wind blew. On Saturday the flames covered many hundred acres, but the main road from Wangaratta to Yarra- wonga acted as an effectual break. The residents were thus enabled to save many valuable crops growing on the other side of the road. It is a fortu nate circumstance that nearly all the crops in that locality are grown on the far side of the Yarrawonga road, that being the river-flat side. Miles of fenc ing were burnt, however, and several "homesteads were saved only by united efforts and by burning trails when the fire was seen coming. The wind ceased on Saturday, and danger was thus averted for the present. A strong westerly breeze sprang up on Sunday morning, and the country was once more aflame. The main body of the fire was near Mr Francis Williams' residence, at Stewarton. He is the principal farmer in the district, and the greatest anxiety was felt for the safety of his house and growing crop, and 500 bags of oats garnered in a shed. The house and the sheds were saved, and the flames consumed everything else. The wind rising, the fire was carried with rapidity towards Wangaratta, six miles away, and on Sunday afternoon the town was enveloped in smoke. Some hundreds of residents turned out to help while the wind was at its height, but even th's large body was unable to beat back the flames, and there is imminent danger of the fire reaching the more densely cultivated areas close to the town. Special efforts had to be directed to prevent the flames crossing the road into Mr J. Trotman's paddocks at Wal- dara, for there would then have been a likelihood of the fire reaching the out skirts of the town. At five o'clock the fire had reached a point two miles from Wangaratta, when the wind fortunately lulled, and then the fire-beaters had an opportunity of checking it by burning trails along the roads. These confined the flames to that side of the Warby Ranges. There is now an oblong area of country 12 miles by 6 a blackened mass. The fire has now travelled about 35 miles since it originated at Late Rowan last Wednes day. There is still danger of the flames breaking away again should no rain fall or if the wind should rise. There was much excitement in Wangaratta on Sun day afternoon when the flames bore down with such speed towards the town. The difficulty of coping with them was greatly increased by the extension of the line of fire. Mr Francis Williams, of Stewar- I ton, was the heaviest loser, his loss being 360 acres of growing wheat, estimated to return four bags to the acre. Harvesting machines were in the field ready to com mence cutting, but these were saved. Mr William Curtis lost 200 acres of a fine crop of growing wheat, and Mr W. A. Vonarx 90 acres of wheat. The losers of grass were Mr James Brien and Messrs Brien Bros.. 8000 acres; Mr W. Vonarx, 900 acres; Mr A. Jackson, 900 acres; Mr A. Jackson, 500 acres.; Mr F. J. Harris, 320 acres; Mr W. J. Culver, 60 acres ; and Mr Joseph Trotman, 1300 acres. The farmers and graziers men tioned also lost immense quantities of fencing, but it is impossible to estimate its value for a few days, their attention being needed along the line of fire to pre vent further damage. AT WANGARATTA. The first call for assistance from the re sidents of Wangaratta (continues the "Advertiser") was made on Sunday morning about eleven o'clock, when the firebell was rung, and a large number of gentlemen volunteered to assist in fire- fighting. Later in the evening the fire- bell called for more vohmteers, who were quickly forthcoming. As the fire was got fairly well in hand on Sunday evening, and the wind lulled considerably, the men returned to Wangaratta, but about three a.m. on Monday morning the wind again rose, and the .fire, again began to gain headway at seven In the morning. The firebell again called for volunteers, and it was then arranged that all the shops and business places In Wangaratta should be closed for the day so as to allow as many men as possible to go to the scene of the fire and cope with the element. The fire bell continued to ring until 9 or 10 o'clock, and by that time about 400 or 600 men had gone to assist in'extinguishlng the flames. All the available vehicles were comman deered for service in conveying the volun teers to the scene "of action, and Messrs Thomson, Smith,- Crawford and Co., Stone, Morrell, Manley, Harrison Bros., Pinlcerton, Hill, Kleiner, Laidier, Jones, and others, freely lent their vehicles for the service. Fresh relays of men were taken out in the afternoon and evening, and it was also decided that fresh men should be put on at midnight to watch-alt night, so that no fresh outbreak should be overlooked. The flames were quickly got under command, and all the men had to do was to beep the fire within the pre scribed limits and prevent it, at all haz ards, from crossing the main roads. The fire was kept well in hand until a late hour on Monday night, and in "all prob ability will be completely extinguished to-day (Tuesday). There were very few casualties consid ering the grave nature of the work. The most serious was Mr Zscheeh, who was caught in.a .whirlwind and was-surroun- ded by the flames, both his hands, arms, and right side of face being severely burnt. A man named M'Nicliol fell from one of the crowded lorries and his leg was severely crushed with the wheel. There were also several minor burns. The farmers of .the district and store keepers, brewers, cordial makers and hotelkeepers of Wangaratta, kept the men well supplied with refreshments dur ing the day. It is impossible at present to estimate the damage done by the fire, as there are miles upon miles of fencing burnt, and thousands of ac-res of grass; as many of the places are inaccessible owing to the intense heat and flames. It was rumored that Mf P. Burke's residence at Kiila warra, and Mi T. Chick's residence were destroyed, but this is incorrect. No dwellings have been destroyed on the Wangaratta side of the ranges. It is stated, however, that Messrs Mont gomery and Jasperson, on the Thoona- side, have lost their homesteads. 