CHAPTER III. Early marriages are not, or, at least, were not, encouraged in Devonshire. Mr. and Mrs. Frayling for a long time opposed the idea of Pierce entering into such a solemn engagement and re sponsibilities at such an early age. As week after 'week went by, however, and the person chiefly concerned de clared that he had made up his mind to float his little capital in the promis ing, if not promised, land of Australia ; that he had promised to marry Hagar Blaydon, and she had promised to be his wife; that he could not think of commencing a new life in a distant land without her, and yet that his perfect restoration to health required the change, they at last reluctantly consented. The greatest oppositiori arose from Philip Blaydon, who 'could not think. of parting with his chief comfort, help, and solace in life, his dear Hagar. The difficulty was a serious one until at last Blaydon him self solved it: by resolving to sell his farm and stock and cast in his lot with the young people. His younger daugh ter, Dotty, would be able to look after him, and as to Pierce's parents, they had another son, Leonard, who was now getting old enough to take his brother's place, while Silas Pratt and his wife would still retain their son, Harry, or Areli, as their mainstay. All this time the last- named youth was'suffering the pangs of disappointed love, and anticipating the separation from all and everything beside his parents that he held dear in the world. He went about, melancholy of mood and manner, and sick at heart, while all around seemed too busy even to notice his condition. But time waits for no man, be he gentle or simple, merry or melancholy, and soon the day arrived when a party, consisting of Mr., Mrs.,. and Leonard Frayling, Mr. and Mrs. Pratt and Harry were on board the "Bonny Yarra " at Plymouth to pay a lingering farewell to their lifelong friends, good Silas Pratt and. his daughters, the elder of whor,- a '.youthful bride ofL seven days,' stood afterwards on the poop ladder with her right arm passed through the left of her husband, and her two hands clasped in each other, until the 'ship .stood well out to sea, and uiltimately became.invisible.. For fully five years after the great event recorded above, matters moved on much as usual in' the quiet Devon shire valley. Very few strange either in features or fashion found their way to interrupt the even current of the lives of the residents of the villagei of Penden..e a : Harr.y P:att's grief for his lost: love did.not kill him, but it increased his reserve; while the removal- of: Pierce took away the prop: upon which he had leaned- perhaps too much--and taught him to look within'himself for resolu tion andi decision.; ' on Many letters had been received from Pierce detailing. the movements of. his paity',in:,the new land, and many a summer's evening in the' porch of one or other of the farms, or in winter by the .capacious : and cheerful chimney corner, did the Fraylings: and .the Pratts, with their two sons, pay grave attention to the interesting items re chided:by Pierce's facile pen, soimew.hat: to the following effect : ,.:First; their impressions, and inci dents connected with their voyage, and their' safe arrival at Melbourne. Then; their journey up country through the bush--so :unlike the green ,woods of Devon-and their stay and final settlement on some land near.: the birders of New South Wales. Next came',a description of Blaydon and Frayling's selection near BogIes Gap; the clearing operations- the difficulty of :getting assistance owing to the attack of gold fever from which the colony of Victoria was then suffering, finishing for a time with the assurance that they were all well and happy, had a hundred or two acres under cultiva tion; also two or three extensive paddocks with plenty of grass, with sheep to eat it, and taking it for all in all they were perfectly contented with their lot. Some months then intervened, and a letter in a black-bordered envelope arrived to announce the death of Hagar's father. He died rather sud denly,'and left all his posessesions to Pierce. Again a long period elapsed, and then came a very long letter telling of disastrous times having befallen them -continuous droughts, sheep disease, a bush-fire, destroying standing corn, and a cloud of minor troubles, known only to, but known well by many who, like Pierce Frayling, have left all else to commence a new life with tolerably good prospects. SAnd now we find Harry with a doleful ditty from Pierce to his father, reading to the usual audience the alarming statement that he, Pierce, had been obliged to borrow money largely df the .banks, and was almost hope losessly involved; indeed, unless the then present season should prove a wonder fully good one, a preclosure would ensue, and they would have to leave Bogles Gap homeless and ruined. I: ·Now awoke the slumbering reserve liower hitherto hidden in Harry's et.He pictured to himself the condition of his dearest friends as worse qven thwn it really was. Pierce, his ioyhood's faithful o ompanion, who had saved his life; Hagar, whose imnage was still his ideal of womanly perfec tion; the youthful and lively Dotty, whom he had often nursed on his knee, to say nothing of the splendid boy who had been added to the little colonial family two or three years before; these to suffer undeservedly in such a shape. The heroic spirit again awoke within him. Something must and should be done, and that speedily. Two years previously to this, Mr. and Mrs. Pratt, feeling they were getting into years, and knowing t-hat theiri oil had ino inclination for farm ing, had resolved to sell. Just at this juncture when the letter from Pierce arridved conveying such alarming news, they .had completed a transfer with most satisfactory terms, and found themselves with ample provision for the remainder of their days. Moreover, they had been laying aside for Harry ever since he was born, and this portion now, with interest, made a considerable -sum. His whole soul being set upon rescuing his friend from his dilemma, he easily persuaded his fond parents to grant him the means, and heralding his coming with an en couraging epistle, took an early oppor tunity of starting for Australia. About three months after Harry Pratt had dispatched his letter to. Pierce, the sun was setting behind some low hills which marked the termination of Blaydon and Frayling's selection, BogIes Gap, Victoria. Round the small, but neat and comfortable homestead, signs of life usual to a colonial farm were apparent, but one must have been able to peep through the open door to discover Pierce Frayling and his wife sitting in serious consultation side by side, while Hagar's sister, Dotty, now a handsome copy of the former, was troug to quiet the childish shouts sA antics of a noble boy of four. Pierce had developed into a tall, broad-shouldered, bronzed woodanan, while sweet Hagar had scarcely altered in form or feature. But, for all that, care was setting on each brow, and anxiety filled the hearts of the loving couple as they talked of their future. ' All depends on to-morrow,' said Pierce, 'whether we go or stay, my darling, but it will seem hard to" lose all after such a struggle as we have had. I have to meet Mr. Strutt at the Bank in Hanglong at twelve, when he will pay me for the few fat sheep left me, and give me his best opinion of what we should do. In the meantime, Hagar, dear, pray that this last greatest calamity of all may be spared us.' Twenty miles had Pierce to ride the next day to transact his business, which might occupy an hour or two, during which time his horse :would feed. Hagar would not expect him home before dark, when he hoped to be able to see a way out of their difficulties. , . Punctually at twvelve Mr. Strutt met Pierce at the Bank and handed, him over a bundle of notes, taking his receipt in return. Pierce,: while counting the bank-notes, dropped one, which was returned to him by a swarthy, coarse-looking man, in a drab billycock hat, evidently a rouseabout" on a station.. Pierce thanked him, but could not help observing his low. for biddinig-looking brow.. ' - Mr. Strutt, ,who was a large sheep 'owner of :the district,; felt an :interest iinPiece. arid 'his fortunes,' aiid' isg gest da scheme which; in the event of his hloving :to forfeit ,ihis -selection, would still :afford a. chance :of success in life, 'and -Pierce set out 'on 'his journey'honieward,' his notes idn.',is breast-pocket, with a lighter heart than he had felt for some time. '7 Daylight was already on the decliiie, and Pierce was withiin about two miles of. his own home, passing a gloomy piece of road with thick bush on one side and a deep gully, from which the place took its name, on the other, when a horseman suddenly seemed to spring :up.from the gully and seized the rein of "Pierce's horse, at the same "time ireslitiing a revolver and ' shouting inu a peremptory tone, "Hands up l Quick !" Before Pierce had time 'to reply or comply, a' dai'k figure ran 'from' the' bush on the other side, and presenting a 'evolver at the back of the first man, fired. The bullet evidently ,took effect, for the would-be: robber' fell headlong from his steed,. the -pistol flying from his hand on to the road.', Pierce hastened to dismount: and thank his deliverer. The light: was hardly sufficient now to distinguish features, but quite, good 'enough :to draw out simultaneously from the lips of the two men the .exclamations, "Pierce I Harry " I ' Wonderful as it may seem, it' was indeed the hand of Pierce's old and dear chum that had thus so opportunely wiped out the debt so long owing, 'as well as gratifying the Hebrew signifi cation of his name "Areli," heroic 1. The robber was recognised by Pierce as the man who had restored the fallen note in the Bank. He was shot through the shoulder and could not stir, but not mortally wounded. - The police were soon on the spot, and recognised' in Pierce's assailant the noted bushranger, Jack Hillton, the perpetrator of more than one murder, and for whose capture the sum of one' thousand pounds' reward was offered, and in due course received by Harry. What a joyful home-coming for Hagar; and what a surprise for Harry when, after mistaking Dotty for her. sister, he felt that after all another Hagar had been waiting for him in the wilderness. Little more renmains to be said. Pierce was rescued in timo,' for Hiuiry insisted on his sharing the reward, 'It's true,' lie said, 'if I had not been there you might have lost your life, but if you hadn't been there I should have had no one to shoot. 'Besides,' he added, 'we have always 'been friends, and soon, unless Dotty object~i we shall be brothers. Dotty didn't object, and so the selection, the stook, and the home stead remained 'as before, with the addition of Harry's name as -part owner, he having to the satisfaction of all paid "Full Compensation." , 