About the Fire Fiend. THOSE who have spent a summer iu the country will know that it is no uncommon thing to see an entire house hold, men, women and children— fran tically working in a cloud of smoke, to place a fire break between their home stead and the enemy, already crackling over a neighboring hill, or racing to wards them across the adjacent plain. The experience of years has made them aware of their danger, but with a heed lessness that is almost inexplicable, they go from season to season practically courting ruin, for the want of a little energy and forethought. The press has striven, more or less vainly, to waken people but of this dangerous lethargy; but it will not do to grow weary in a good cause. A correspondent, "Bush man," draws pointed attention to the question, noting the special hazard like ly to arise this summer, from our very abundant' pastures. His remarks are full of point and purpose. He advo cates co-operation, instead of individual effort; and urges preparedness in place of the hasty and ineffectual methods "of bush fire-fighting - usually adopted; ; "Bushman's" suggestion is that bush-fire brigades be organised in all rural cen tres; and that the whole colony be map ped out into -small districts, in each of which thirty or forty active men should be enrolled, properly equipped and sub sidised by the State. These men, the proposal provides, "should lay out a plan of campaign, and keep their dis tricts under strict supervision, so that on the alarm of fire being raised they would be ready to assemble in a body, and/all working under a recognised leader, would he able to attack the fire systematically." These suggestions are undoubtedly worthy of consideration. If organised efforts be necessary in centres of population, how much more essential are they in rural districts? A city man can completely Insure his stock in trade for a trifle comparatively, and in the event of a fire can, if need be, find new premises and re-open next day. It is different in the country. A large major ity of the buildings may be covered by fire policy, but how many insure their fences, their- stock, or even their stacks ? No practical man will venture to say that the elabo rate system of metropolitan fire brig ades, costly though it be, is overdone. If this be the case, how essential must it be that every possible provision should be made in the country where danger is greater,- insurance rates higher, and the effects of fire much more ruinous. When our country friends determine to do not onlyAheir individual best, hut also their collective best, a material clieck will he put upon the' devastations of- the fine- fiend. A correspondent points out that Haw thorn is the residence" of more members of Parliament than we had supposed. No fewer than eight of the new Legis lative Assembly reside in flie salubri ous suburban hity, viz.':— Mr R. T. Bar- bour (member for Hawthorn), Mr Tav- erneiv Mr Johii Isaiiiiis, Mr Albert Har ris. Mt John Murray, Major Reay, My Kea st, and Mr Andrews v.. 