A DISASTROUS VISITATION, j EXTENSIVE GRASS FIRE. : TWO SETTLERS BURNT OUT WHEAT, HAY, AND GRASS DESTROYED. £By our Special Reporter.! Adelaide people are accustomed to the figlit of bhsh-fires in the hills. Often in the midsummer nights they see the reflection of a big blaze i.n the ranges. The city, and 1 lie suburbs are. safe, aud so seldom is exten sive damage done that citizens pay but ?little-heed when the burning clemen'b devas tates miles of liill country. It is usually only grass an<l scrub. Not so in the settled districts in the country. The smoke ftom a blaze miles away sends the settlers out in hot haste. They know some one is likely .to be in danger of losing, if not his home, perhaps a wheat crop, a hay stack, or miles of fencing. People from all the surrounding neighbourhoods gather' to light the flames. The quicker they start the greater is their chance of success, and few there are but know to t-jieir bitter cost the desolation thai follows when, with a strong wind to hasten its course, a big lire gets beyond con trol. ? It has farms, grazing paddocks, smd homesteads, with all the fenc ing, at its mercy, and . struggle, as the settlers do, against it, oft times their efl'oils arc of little avail, and the lire runs its course. In the city but little has been 3icard regarding the disastrous spread of ihe.fire in the Mount Crawford, Ithine Val ley, and Eden Valley district on January 1 ami 3, and but few except those immediate ly interested know what ruin and disaster resulted in a few hours on the first of the year. ]t was a veritable Black Wednesday for many of the settleis. A few figures have been given of the acres of wheat and grass swept away, but to reaiizC the extent of the damage one needs to travel through the country, and see the miles 9f land a few weeks ago comprising fields of waving grass, smiling with ripening coin, now as bare of feed and as destitute of crops as a metal road. A representative of '"The Register" visited the scene on Satur day and Sunday. Eden Valley is the centre of the greatest damage, and making it my head- quarter* i passed through the various farms, which a fortnight ago promised rich returns, of from 8 to 18 bushels, and now swept as clean as if the cereal had never been plant ed. Mr. John Murray, the owner of the famous stud of Merinos, who was himself a heavy sufferer, spared no effort to enable luc to secure a knowledge of the true posi tion of affairs, and Mr. L. Murray drove me throughout the course of the devouring ele ment. A fund has been started for the re lief of those who have been reduced so suddenly to a position approaching desti tution, and it only needs an examination, of the circuinsturiees to convince one that in many cases help is absolutely necessary. Crops just ou the verge of being reaped, and rich paddocks of grass representing in many cases a man's whole capital, quickly vanished into smoke, and, worse than thai, in two cases, settlers were en tirely burned out, their whole homesteads beiug destroyed. In other cases portions of their houses were consumed, and unfor tunately in those instances the rooms which contained the most-needed articles were those which the lire seized upon. Of course it would be Impossible to restore a man's crop, or his grass, and the fencing may be a question between landlord and tenant-most of the land in the farming area was rented-but pressing necessities must be met.' The neighbours around have shown kindness towards the sufferers which cannot be sufficiently praised. Mrs. .1ohn Murray, the Lady Bountiful of the district, immediately sent bedding aud clothing and other necessaries to those who liad lost everything but what they stood in, (.he KcVi'D, Davis, the Baptist minister, busied himself in ascertaining the needs of the people, aud every one who could has helped their unfortunate neighbours. Ad joii'ing owners have granted pasturage for stock-in some instances the animals have had to be sacrificed-and already the fund raised in the district-only, started last Sa turday-amounts to nearly i'50. This, with the amount raised by "The .Register," is not nearly enough. An estimate has been luade lhat 2U,(J0U acrers of wheat and grass and UK) miles of fencing was destroyed. lien buildings, haystacks, and machinery arc reckoned, the total damage must run into some thousands of pounds. No one co;:ld be fully compensated for his total loss, but he could be tided over until the grass grows again, and he can once more stock the kind. Even now it is difficult for the people to estimate the extent they have suffered, but the District Council of South Ithine has accepted the task of distribut ing the funds according to the needs of the people. The Councillors are shrewd busi jics men, well acquainted with the circum sUnices and extent of" loss of each .indivi dual, [I hey will make diligent enauirics concerning each case, and the funds entrus ted to thorn will no doubt be wisely ex pended. There is no crying out oil the part of the losers for assistance. The men wh<» have suffered are st'urdv, indepen dent, hardworking settlers. Tiicy have put their shoulder to the wheel to make ti frcsli start, but when all their" hay, wheat, and other things, representing per haps an asset against a year's liabilities, have been so sutldenly taken away they have been reduced to a plight which de mands assistance. A MKMOUAHUC KXl'KfilKNCK. The first outbreak of the lire was on January 1, in the Mount Crawford distiiei, it then spread over a large area ol country, burning thousands ot acres of grass aud Jniles of fencing, but no farms sufi'ercU. "Towards the evening Lhe beaters gained the upper hand, and the next day it was regarded as safe. On Wednesday, how ever, the lire broke out in the morning in two or three places. It was the woist day possible for a conflagration; a hot wind blew from the north-west, shifting .to the south-west, and all day the wind increased in fury. Branches of trees and telegraph-posts came "crashing to the "ground before the gale. With deep grass -and dry wheat crops "to feed upon, aud a gale to fun them, t/ie flames travelled over if lie country at a f urious ra te. They gained such headway that no one could stand in front of the roaring element. Beaters were driven back, and at times the fire rac ed over country faster than a horse could gallop. In places .the men, valiantly strug gling to combat it, had to flee for their lives. They would be fighting in one place "when suddenly the fire would catch the grass behind them, and they had to dash through to escape. Koads a chain wide which usually cause a break, were as no ihing, and in parts the flames leaped ove* the road and caught the grass again 70 yards beyond, leaving an uninjured inter vening patch. Before finishing at the 3?ouiit . Crawford . district it robbed Mr. William Gilbert of between 5,000 and G,00(i acres, Mr, .Murray Dawson of 2,500, Mr, A. JT. Murray of 1,400, and Messrs. Gebhardt of the same area of grass. . ft'left those 'fields fenceless and as bare as boards, but the great damage resulted when it passed into, the South Rhine district. At about .10 o'clock in . the morning, the-wind was driving it fast and furious towards Spring toa and Mount Pleasant, and had it con tinued in that direction much more da mage would have been done, but the gale changed its coufse, and sent it straight to wards Eden Valley. ^Leaving Mr. Gil bert's paddock, it entered the farming dis tricts, and the havoc was terrible. Abou.. 1 o'clock it was fully six miles awaj;, but an lioui? later it was close to Jiden V alley. Dense clouds of smoke, enveloped the couu try for a mile ahead of the names; lac wind was howling furiously, and away in tiie distance could be seen a wail ot flaiuf. <iuite 3 . ft. high, lapping up all wheat, grass,-and fencing in its way, burning iruil trees like tinder, roaring up hollow gum trees, and scorching every one it passeu. The furze hedges blitzed and crackled jilic deal, throwing out an intense heat. The air was thick with leaves and bits of burn ing wood and straw. Ifo one Knew where, it would catch next, 'lo stand in front, was impossible. It was foolhardy to nst close quarters. All the men from the township and from the surrounding neigh bourhoods hastened out early in the morn ing to get it under control. J hey fought to the hist, but back they had to come with the furnace dashing niter them as fa»t as they could run. A wagon party had a narrow cscape. Messrs. «. Ivoeslier, C. Koesller, A. Pampa, A. Pinson, and duel ling were out about two miles helping to stav tiic progress of tlio flames, but the n re surrounded ttiein, and they made a dash for it along a cross-road. Mr. (*. lloesllcr lashed tlie horses into a Rallop, but U;e flames were too quick. He had to pass close to the burning country, and (lie nearer horse was sjnged and burned, .while lie himself had all the skin roasUil oil his arm. It was only wlich they readied a steep incline, and the horses galloped at ve cord pace, that the party esoaped. IlKy raced for the township to save their pro pertv, but thev were too late, as Mr. Roesller's haystack was burning when they .lumped out of the vehicle. Mr. \Y. Davis, the maildrivcr from Mouut Pleasant to Eden Valley, was warned when leaving the former place to be careful. Xearing the valley his horses stuck up, re fusing to face the smoke. He, however, got through, and reached home only in fcmie to save his stable. About 3 o'clock the fire was in close proximity to the township. It was still travelling on at a fearful rate, but it had separated into several branches. Much depended on the road from Spnng ton lo the Valley. Had it crossed that on the south of the township it would have taken a course straight through Mr. John Murray's property, and then gone past the zanges to the Murray Flats. The southern end of the fire, however, liad decreased 1n energy by the time it reached the road, and stopped 'flhere. Jint the township itself was not safe. The blaze was approaching to wards it from the west. Most of the inen were awav, but the women turned out, and Eden Yailey has cause to remember their exertions that day. They worked as hard as the men. Ladies not accustomed to hard work were out lighting at dangerous corners until they, either conquered or were dragged away, and those wlio coifid not face the flames were braving the iierce, hot wind and showers of burning leaves, tak ing refreshments to the men. Ilie Haines advanced right down . to the back ot the houses on the main road, sucking up eagerly everything consumable, but just at the criti cal -time the wind chopped round. It carried the flames to the north, round the township, straight to the east, and the town was safe. Many hundred acres went in the early part of theeyening, but the wind after sundown, steadied and died away, and at 10 o'clock at night the tire was stopped in Mr. Murray's property, about six miles east of the township. it had travelled about twenty males from point to point, with an average width of about two miles. It left behind it traces which will take years to remove. No fire known previously in the district has done so much damage. XAWROW JSSf'Al'KS. The people on the confines of the agricul tural settlement met the full force of the blast. Jt came as a huge devouring ele ment, about two miles wide, fast upon them, almost without warning, through Mr. (.Jilbert's paddock. Mr. J. A. Dodgson, 1 who lost his house and furniture, lives on tlie Mount Crawford side of the road from Angaston to Springton. He saw tlie lire ap ' pearing, but it was miles away, and he did i not realize any danger. He had raked away all the inflammable stuff from around his house in case it approached. Just after dinner tlie smoke became too dense to see whereat was, but a gust of wind revealed it J some distance away. He started out to stop I it, but was driven back to Iiis home, which was doomed. The fire came I to his clearing, and then sparks 'from a burning log thirty yards away dropped on the thatch of the roof, and all hope was gone. His brother, who was unwell, had to be dragged out, while Mrs. Dodgson rushed into Ulie burning place to get some money belonging to the Baptist Church, oi which }lr. Dodgson is Treasurer. She saved that, and then tried to secure a volume which the Church Iliad given Mr. Dodg.-on ; last September for services rendered, but she was too late. The whole place was iu flames, and all the owners eculd do was to look ou. Two rooms and contents were entirely destroyed, but a third one of gal vanized iron escaped. All Mr. Dodgson bad left when the lire passed was what was in that room. Besides the house lie lost a galvani/.ed-iron shed, fowlhouse, pig sty, woodheaps,and 2 tons of hay and tools. He had a number of apple-trees killed, and when inspected on Sunday apples roasted as well as if they had been in the oven could be picked off tiie trees. Mr. Dodgson estimated his loss nt £<i0, besides ?the things outside. "People," said lie, "have been wonderfully good to me, and 1 i 1iave received kindness from those to whom 1 could not look for it, and from my immediate friends such as I could never expect." Mr. Dodgson's case is a bad one, for he and his wife are old people, and they have practically lost all they possessed exr cept what they wore. On the same side | of the road is Mrs. Rogers's property, and she also had to bear the full ioree ot -the flames. When it had parsed she had 1 lost 300 acres of . grass, 10 acres of wheat, a stack of hay of about 15 tons, and about four miles of fencing. On the other side of the road the flames went into' the farms of Messrs. . Crane, II. Rogers, Qhappel, and Porter. They adjoined the track on the side near est to Eden Park, and the fire swept through their- properties, leaving behind land devtitute of feed or crops of any de scription. Only the big gums survived tlie fiery ordeal. Mr. Crane's sous iti tohe morning went out towards Mount Craw ford, but the father stayed i;ome. His first indication of danger was when the lire was four miles away, and twenty minutes after wards it was roaring among his wattles. His sons returned just as the flames reached the fence, but they could only stand and watch the ruin. 1'hey feared that the out buildings, haystacks, and house would be lost, but a patch of green maize inter vened, and the fire Was stopped-in its pro gress towards the buildings. It, however, passed round- on each side, and when it had gone through six or eight miles of fene ingr 70- acres - of .wattles, which the owner estimated at worth £0 or £7 per acre, 700 acres of grass, and 30 acres of wheat, expected to . yield 8 bushels, were con sumed. Mrs. llogers's stacks and stables were also protected on the dangerous side by. a crop of maize .adjoining the road, over which 1 he fire passed, and in this ease I also the" green crop proved the salvation of the other. Her next-door neighbour, Mr'. Chappel, was singularly unfortunate. Jie carried tlie bedding and clothing out of 'his (house, and put them in the gar den, and when the flames went by they left the house untouched, but the garden and all the goods ' placed ia it were destroyed. The southern extre mity of the conflagration caught the pro perty of Mr. Porter, and he was one of the worst sufferers in the district. Some time before the flames reached him neigh bours had assembled to guard the premises, but it proved almost in vain. Seven men made desperate efforts. The fire, however, came tearing down a hill,, leaping great dis tances, and eatelling everything inflam mable. First of all the woolshed, a stone building with thatched roof, went, and once that was alight there was little chance .of saving the rest of the outplaces. Fight as the men did, they could not stop the progress of the flames. The fierce wind tossed burning masses from shed to shed, until in a few minutes all were alight, and in about half an hour all were a smoulder* ing mass of ruins. The buildings destroyed included a woolshed, sheds for wagons and farming implements, bam, stable for seven horses, chaffhiouse, in which-. were a draff cutter, winnower, arid mower; and besides that Mr, Porter lost about 55 acres of standing crop, estimated to go 14 bushels to the acre, 95 bags of oats, 400 acres of crass, 40 tons of nay, and five miles of fencing. Mr. Porter was doubly unfortunate, for in another part of the district the fire destroyed a live-roomed empty stone house and dairy, 100 acres or grass, and an acre of garden. The other occupier next to the road-was Mr. Harvey llogers, who lost heavily, and it was a wonder his whole "house was not entirely burned. In the fields he suffered to the extent of 100 acres of grass, 50 acres of wheat (which was re. turning !) bushels to the acre), about £30 worth of hay, a number of fruit-trees, one and a half miles of fencing, and one mile of wire-netting. Mr. Rogers was busy beating the flames back from one approach to the house, when the fruit garden on the side of it suddenly caught alight, and before he could do anything further the kitchen was ablaze. It was only separated from the rest of the house by a narrow passage, but the rest of the buildings were saved. In the kitchen, however, were all his tools and harness, which were entirely burned. The hardest case of the lot was that of Sir. T. Tremlett, an old fanner. He had been unfortunate, and his land had passed away into other hands, so that instead of being owner he was only looUing after it for some one else, lie, -nowever, had all his furniture and carpets left, and lived in a six-roomed house »with his wife and daughter. When the fire was a conside rable distance away lie went oil' to Mr. Por ter's to assist in protecti'ig his properly, little thinking that his own place would he entirely devastated. His wife and daugh ter stayed at home. Early in the afternoon they observed the fire coming in their direc tion, but they hoped against hope, and hope was of no avail, . The appearance of the huge guintrees in the neighbourhood show ed that the flames were fiercest in that direction, and they must have 'travelled over that particular part <"t a terrible speed. "Almost without warning," said Miss Tremlett, "the dairy, then the stables, and then the house caught tire. In a few mo ments all the buildings were burning fu riouslj*. We could do nothing, so 1 rushed into "liiy room, picked up some clothing, and with my mother fled. As it was, we had to run through the flames. There was jusi a narrow openinir llnoiigh which we es caped to a neighbour's, and when we look ed back there was our home a burn ing mass." .Mr. Tremlctt practically lost oil he possessed. The money he had, about £8, was burnt, and the only things left were the clothes he and his family were wearing. He had a sad home-coming. Little knowing of what was in front of him, he left Porter's, after the fire had passed, and proceeded towards his house. On the vay he found burning logs resting against an old hut. He rescued that habitation from destruction, and to-day that place is the only shelter he and his family have. Going on, he found his house entirely de stroyed, only the walls remaining. In fear and trepidation he approached, not knowing whether his wife anl daughter had been caught in the flames. IJut they were safe, and father, mother, son, and daughter were united, with everything they possess ed, except what they wore, destroyed. Two hundred pounds, lie says, would not cover his loss. Mr. Saltir, who holds lb.; land, had 10 tons of hay, winnowing-_ machine, 220 acres of grass, two miles ol" fencing, and a number of fruit-trees burnt. JVJx-. Thomas Lyddon experienced a narrow cseape from losing his house. The lire ' swept through the properly, destroying 240 acres of grass, about CO acres of wheat, which was going 12 bushels to the acre, and four miles of fencing. The flames had passed by, everything that was left seemed safe, when a spark from a burning lite 100 yards away dropped on the thatched roof of his kitchen, and in a few minutes it was bla/.ing furiously. The rest of tl'.u building and oul-premises ad'joining had a marvellous escape. All the roofs were of straw, and the house was only a few feet from the burning kitchen, but by throwing water on them whenever they caught lire the other buildings were saved. Among the other sufferers were 311*. (j. Merlins, who lost SO acres of grass, about 80 bags of wheat, 10 tons of hay, a shed, and dairy, with all necessary utensijs", a quantity of clothing, and 70 chains of fencing; Sir. C. Roesller, with 110 acres of grass, 80 bagi of -wheat, winnowing-inaehine, one straw stack, one mile of fencing; Mr. (J. lloesllei, 70 acres of grass, about 80 bags of wheat, one and a half miles of fencing; Mi*. Pumpa, 20 acres of gra.-,s, 20 chains of fenc ing; Mr. M. Pumpa, 270 acres of grass. 40 acres of wheat, 15 tons of nay, 22 youug pigs, one mile of fencing; Messrs. Meller & Gansden, about 280 bags of wheat; Mr. 11. Stanley, 80 acres of grass; Mr. K. Smith, 40 acres of grass, one and a half miles of fencing; Mr If. iScholtz, shed, with tools; Mr. W. liar tholomaeus, 40 acres of grass and fencing; Mr. W. liartwig, 80 acres of grass and fencing. Nearly all.these people suffered before the fire reached Kden Valley, but when the flames took a course to the north of the -township they burnt up 200 acres of Mr. .T.-Thver's and COO acres belonging to Messrs. J. & W.' Heggie. At one time Sir. A. Lilleerapp's house was in danger. The lire was warded off that, but it was not prevented from going through the run and eating up 700 acres of grass, 20 acres of wheat, and six miles of fencing. When there was danger of the fire crossing the road south of the township and traversing Rhine Park Mr. Murray and his son got .all the stud Merino sheep together. Sonic were put in one place of safety, while a flock of the others was "driven to the tennis court, where the" young ladies of the house-, hold watched. Fortunately the . .flames were, slopped in. that. direction, .so. there was no fear for' the sheep; but they entered the property at another place, and before they had been, finally extinguished they had burnt about 2,000 acres of splendid grass and several miles of fencing. -. MEETING AT SPBINGTON. On Saturday evening a meeting of the residents of the district was held at the Si)ringbon Council Chamber to. consider the matter of raising funds for the relief of the sufferers. The Chairman of the South. Rhine District Council, Mr. It. P'jillis, pro vided, and there was a large attendance of lcsidents of the surrounding districts. ? The Chairman said he regretted the ne cessity for such-a meeting. Many settlers had been burnt out and were in want of in-oduce and clothing, and he hoped as the result of the meeting something would ha done to benefit the sufferers. Mr. John Murray said he had suffered somewhat by the lire, but he wanted for himself and on behalf of those who had escaped to'express thanks to those who iiad heartily and in an enthusiastic manner assisted to fight the fire. Although the loss had been great it would have been much greater had it not been for the exertions of those who, despite the great heat, had worked to combat the flames. Mr. F. Thomson said it was the general consensus of opinion that the District, Council should have control of the fund which was being raised. He therefore moved-"That the . District Council of South Rhine act as a committee to deal with the amount raised, and distribute the money to those in need." He was pleased to acknowledge the handsome donations which had been received. Those people who had escaped should readily assist, be cause had the wind not changed Spriiigton and Mount Pleasant would have, been swept away. ° TJ Mr. 11. GodfYee seconded the motion, lie with others had gone to the fire, and he thought it was the duty of every one who saw sinolce to assist to put it out. lie was delighted to see how many people turned out to help,, and he noticed that residents from as far away as Tungkillo had as sembled to fight the flames. The Chairman said the Council would be pleased to take charge of the money. It would get reiJorts from all parts and pay away the money in accordance with the needs of the individuals. Carried. The l'ev. D. Davis said he was acquain ted with all the people who had suffered hv the fire, and he had visited neaily all of them. From what he had been told he had prepared a list of the losses. In 17 eases out of 19 he had the word of the sufferers for the- information in regard to the damage sustained l>y tlicm. It must be understood that the men did not give the particulars in any begging spirit. They had been ex tremely unfortunate, and they were too in dependent to ask for help. Besides the names he had read there were others -who also had lost severely. The Chairman painted out that Mr. A. J. AI una,v had referred to the lire on Janu ary J, and it must be understood that the subscriptions would go to the sufferers of both fires. It would be necessary to ob tain particulars in reference to the damage done by the lire on January 1 tit Mount Crawford. ; . Mr. 11. A. Giles said that special eflorts would be made in the district to raise funds. .The people could depend upon the Council doing justice in each case. The Councillors knew eath man, and they would see they Avere not imposed upon. Mr. 11. Cooling moved-"That a commit, tee be appointed to report upon all cases of damage." . Sir. Davis had done good ser vice, but he admitted that the statenu-n came from the men themselves, and if a committee were appointed they could tho rouahlv investigate each report. Mr. "Thomson thought the matter could be better left in the hands of the Couucil. Mr. A. liohrlack seconded the proposi ti r. Giles said the Council could be safely trusted to carry out the question, aiid he mov.ed as nu amendment-"That the mat ter be left entirely in the hands of the Council." Mr. Thomson seconded the -amendment. The amendment was carried. A vote of thanks to the District Coun cil for taking up the matter, and to "The Register" for sending a reporter to the scene, was carried. The following donations were announced at the meeting:-Messrs. A. J. Murray, £12, in addition to previous donations; John Murray, ±.'10 extra; H. A. Giles, £10; J. Barker, £5; F. Barritt, £5; W, lloval, £o; C. Phillis, £5; E. Laube, £3; T. Fulwood, £2 and 2 bags of cocky chaff; K'.iehel, £1; I. Descovitch, £1 3s.; li. Cowling, £1; A. Rohrhtck, £1; 11. Godfree, ]0 bags cf wheat and 1 ton of hay; F. Thomson, cocky chart', 1 bags of wheat, and half a ton of hay; G. Dragemulier, 1 bag of wheat. 1 load' of chaff, and straw; \V. Forrest, 5 bags of wheat, cocky chaff, and straw, and free use of 150 acres of grass; ,T. F. M flier, 1 b.ig of wheat; H. Drage muiler, 1 bag of wheat; C. Schultz, 1 bag of wheat. In foi warding to us a subscription of £25 for this fund, Mr. Alexander Melrose wrote:-"From the state of the subscrip tion-list opened in your columns 1 feel sure that the general public has no adequate idea of the immense havoc and consequent loss and distress occasioned by the lire which swept fiom Mount Crawford to .the Rhine on New Year's Day and subsequent days. The demands upon your space of war news and kindred topics, combined with the natural deliberation and brevity of country correspondents, hare resulted only in brief references to a calamity at our very doors. When it is realized that the fire de vastated some 20,000 acres in a closely settled farming district some idea of the damage is conveyed. The following parti culars of losses from a reliable correspon dent speak for themselves. The figures are. of eour.-je, in every case only approximate. Sir. William Gilbet t lost between 5,000 and 0,000 acres, Mr. Murray Dawson 2,500. Mr. A. J. Murray 1,400, Messrs. Gebhardt'1,400, Mr. John Mm ray 2,000, Mr. J. Porter 700 (all lie had), Mr. A. LiHecrapp 700, Mr. G. Merteii everything except his house, Messrs. iSeinniler 200 acres, W. lioeslev 300 (all he had except 00 acres), T. Lyddon 400 (all .he had) and part of his house, M. Pumpa 400, Roesler Brothers 400 (all they had), C. Crane 700 (all he had), J. Thyer 200, J. and \V, Heggie COO, Trimlebt everything (includ-1 inglllis'niouse and furniture), J. Dodson the ] same, Rodgers nearly everything, aud Hart-1 wig the same. There are many smaller j sufferers. In its course the fire destroyed, I as well as a large number of live stock, miles upon miles of fencing and numerous^ haystacks and standing crops. Many of the victims only escaped with the clothing they wore. The local residents are doing much, to alleviate the suffering of the smaller land holders, whose distress is the acutest, but' it is clear that, their efforts cannot any-. thing like meet the demands of the situation. 'When the facts fire more widely known I . feel sure that this most deserving fund will jjartieipate in and receive some of the bene fit of the generous and benevolent impulse which is now moving our people. I trust you will - give' the matter the prominence it j deserves," -Gladly -do. we comply, with the . request, of our correspondent, and thus call special attention to the sufferings which tbe recent fires inflicted upon unfortunate folk fvho could not without assistance endure the latest ill- fortune which lias befallen, them. TJieir situation appeals powerfully to the compassionate. It was erroneously' Blated that 200,000 acres had. been burned in .connection 'ivitli the fiden VUlley lire; the .figures should . have been 20,000. ? 