DEATH OF MR. W. SNODGRASS. THE residents of Yea were quite un- prepared for the shock which the an- nouncement of Mr. W. Snodgrass' death caused on Monday last. It was known some three weeks ago that he had been suffering from influenza, but it was understood that he had quite recovered, and no one entertained the worst fears for one of such hardy con- stitution. The facts are, however, that on Thursday last he suffered a relapse, and called in Dr. Murphy, locum tenens for Dr. Harkness. Dr. Murphy diag- nosed the case as bronchial pneumonia. On Friday and Saturday Mr. Snodgrass progressed satisfactorily under the doctor's treatment, but on Sunday he again collapsed and gradually sank until the hour of his death, which oc- curred about 11.15 on Monday morning. Deceased was born at Tarwell Station, Trawool, and was the eldest son of W. P. S. Snodgrass, son of Colonel Kenneth Snodgrass, Acting Governor of Tasmania. He spent the years of his boyhood in Yea, and, on the decease of his father, went to Doo- gallook, where he lived and studied the pastoral and grazing industry, under the late Jno. B. Hamilton, Esq., where he gained a very thorough insight into all matters pertaining to stock, and became so proficient as to be accredi- ted one of the best judges of sheep and cattle in the Upper Goulburn. After the distribution of his father's estate he purchased land at Ghin Ghin. He then married the eldest daughter of E. S. Purcell, Esq., of this town, and settled on his estate. Here he re- mained until about two years ago, when his homestead was burned out by the bush- fires. He then removed to a property on the Whittlesea Road, where he was engaged in the dairying industry at the time of his death. He was of a particularly jovial and frank disposition, which gained for him the goodwill of all he came in contact with, as especially did his great generosity in the helping of his neighbors and others, very often at considerable in- convenience and loss to himself. Great sympathy is felt, therefore, for Mrs. Snodgrass and her young family of four childien in the unexpected and very sad bereavement. The funeral took place yesterday, leaving the late residence of deceased about two o'clock. The cortege, which was a very long and representative one, including 20 vehicles and some 40 horsemen, was headed by the hearse, and immediately followed by the two brothers, Archibald and Thomas, fol- lowed by Mr. E. S. Purcell and family and the immediate friends of deceased. The service of the Presbyterian Church was conducted at the grave by the Rev. D. Milne who, at the conclusion, delivered a short and very appropriate address to the mourners, concluding with solemn prayer and the benedic- tion. 