THE COUNTRY. OUR CORRESPONDENTS' LETTERS. ANGASTON, Nov'ember 10.-The second anniversary of the Angaston men's pleasant Sunday afternoon society was celebrated on Sunday last. In the afternoon Mr. E. Standing, on behalf of the members, pre sented the president, Mr. J. A. Thomson, with a chased gold Maltese cross, inscribed on one side, "Presented to J. A. Thomson by the P.S.A.S. of Angaston S.A.," and on the other, "Willi the grateful acknowledg ments of the members, November, 1900.' Mr. Thomson heartily thanked the mem bera for their kindness, and spoke of the interest that had been shown in their gatherings by all the members, and the many pleasant and profitable Sunday after noons they had. enjoyed together. After ordinary dhureh services in the evening a sacred concert was given in the institute ball by the members of the society and the Angaston -brass band, of whom about half ®re members. The ordinary meetinge are restricted to men, but at the anniversaries the general public are invited, and the hall Jvas crowded, many being unable to gain_ ad mittance. Since the formation.of the society Jn October, 1898, the average attendance of members has been 40. The following pro gramme was submitted and well received: Two quartets, Messrs, C. Goodchild, G. Standing, It. A. Perry, and J. A. Thom son: two double quartets, by the same mem bers, assisted by Messrs. Yates and Mans field; solos, by Messrs. Goodchild and Thomson; violin and piccolo duet, "La serenata," Messrs. R. A. Perry and R. C. Yates; autoharp selection, Mr. C. Barrett; orchestra selection (8 instruments), "The sacred wreath" and "Celestial sounds," and ''Holy of holies," by the Angaston band. BLUMBERG, November 8.-The wattle bark season is in full swing. Already many loads have been delivered. It is expected that a large quantity will be stripped, as the price is satisfactory. Owners do not care to run the risk of bushfires after their expedience last year. Difficulty is experienc ed in getting good strippers. A large num ber of men are employed in sleeper-cutting for the railway. This has become quite an important local industry. BOOLEROO CENTRE, November 5. On Friday afternoon a number of ladies and gentlemen assembled in the institute, and presented Mr. W. Leschen, who is leav ing the district, with a gold watch, suit ably engraved. Air. F. McMartin occupied the chair, and in making the presentation referred to th.e length of time Sir. Leaelien Jis.d been manager of the E.S. and A. baaik period of over 12 years-an dl also to the courtesy which every one had received from him during that time. Dr. Steven spoke in simi lar terms, and Mr. Leschen suitably replied. A social was held in the evening, and was attended by between 60 and 70 gentlemen from Booleroo and the surround ing districts. Dr. Steven presided, and Air. Mc'Mai'tin occupied the vice-chair. "The" Queen" having been honoured, Mr. W. Cook in a stirring speech gave the toast of "The army, navy, and reserve forces," wliich was suitably replied to by Lieut. McMartin. "The town and trade of Boo leroo Centre" was proposed by Mr. F. W. Miller, and rep'.ied to by Messrs. J. Brown and T. Jones. "The agricultural interests of the district" was submitted by Mr. A. Forbes, and replied to by Air. J. Larkin. "Our guest" was given by the chairman, who referred to the interest which Air. Leschen had always taken in the welfare of the township ajid district, and particu larly to the work done by him personally for the institute, and also to the gymnastic club and orchestra, winch had been insti tuted and conducted by liira for several veais. Messrs. AlcMartin, Cook, Harder, Mayor, liirseh, Degenhardt, Kippin, Brown. Jones, Aliller, Mahood, and Larkin all tcstilied to Air. Les and to the loss which, his translation to Tanunda would involve. Following this toast the chairman gave "The fatherand," and in doing so spoke of the amicable re lations which at present existed between England and Germany, and expressed the hope that these would lead lo a bond of union which would strengthen the hands of both empires in tiieir eastern policy. Air. McMartin seconded. This was drunk with enthusiasm, and replied to by Messrs. Hirsch and Harder. Songs were given by Messrs. Hobart, Parsons Harder, and F. Marron, and selections by the BooJeroo Centre orchestra. Air. Hobart, the new manager o£ the bank, was introduced to the company. BURRA, November 8.-A flower show was held in the institute hall yesteiday under the management of the committee of the institute. For several years there a show specially for flowers had not been held here, owing to the Burra agricultural society having added a prize list for flowers at ? its annual shows. At the request of several growers the commit tie decided to again hold a show for flowers only, and it has resulted successfully. A numerous col lection of cut (lowers and pot plants was staged, and taken on the whole the display was exceedingly creditable. In phlox drum mondi verbenas, and i ansies there were some lovely flowers. Roses were well re presented, but would have been better if shown a fortnight earlier. The variety of other cut flowers was excellent. In pot plants ferns were conspicuous for the r beauty, whilst other exhibits were admired. A beautiful collection of pat plants and cuts was exhibited by Alessrs. Smith & Alenze!, not i'or competition. The judges, Messrs. Aldizel and Wilkinson, complimented the exhibitors for the excellent display. During the evening the Burra -orchestra rendered some selections of mu=ie. The secretary, Air. W. B. Page, and ihe committee worked splendidly. CLARE, November 0.-The secretary of the board of health, Clare, was informed yesterday that James Hunt, of this town, had a cow that was suffering from what was thought to be pleuro. The health pit cer, Dr. Smith, saw the animal, and advised that Inspector Needham, of Burra, be sent for. That gentleman came to-day, hikJ found the cow to be suffering from tuber culosis, and ordered that it be at once de stroyed, which was done. A sample of the lungs and ia growth in the throat were taken by the stock inspector for further examina tion. CLARENDON, November 10-The lite rary soc'ety has just closed its first ses sion, which has been a successful one. It has been affiliated with the institute, and is likely to be a permanent institution. CRYSTAL BROOK. November 7. - lo connection with the assault and robbery case on Monday night, F.C. Walsh arrested A. AfcDonald at Crystal Brook and Af.O. Bertram and Alullins arrested John Mc Cabe at Georgetown. They were to-day tried bv Alessrs. Solomon and Symons, and both pleaded not guilty. The evidence of eye witnesses was conclusive that AlcCabe Ipioeked the sailor, W. Schurr, down with a shove], and that McDonald dragged him across the street. AleDonald then said thai when lie saw AlcCabe knock Schurr down he, samaritan like, tried to pick him up and get him out of harm's way, but find ing him come to he feared he might be un grateful, and perhaps do him some harm, eo he ran away. The magistrates took a different view. McCabe was fined 40s. and 40s. cost, or in default two months. Ma Donald was fined 40s. and 30s. costs, or one month's imprisonment. Both preferred to go to gaol, where McCabe is well known. EUDUNDA, November 8.-The Rev. Dr. Burgess, LL.D., president of-the Methodic conference, visited Eudunda last evehirig, and delivered ffn interesting and instructive lecture in the Methodist Church on "The Wonderful Century" in connection with the twentieth century movement. Mr. A. T. West occupied the chair, and the Rev. S. J. Bat ten, minister of the circuit, also took part. Dr. Burgess is to proceed to Morgan and Renmark in the interests of the same move ment. EURILPA, November 10.-On Friday a concert was given in a large tent alongside the school, and the place was crowded. Credit is due to Mrs. J. 'B. Harrington for the great pains taken in arranging the pro gramme and training the school children. Friends from Cradock assisted in carrying out the programme. Several tableaux were much appreciated. A supper and dance fol lowed. ELLISTON, November 8.-The new Jetty is nearly completed, and, though too late ,for the wool season, will be ready for the new crop of wheat.-It is pleasing to note in the report of the public schools' floral and industrial society's exhibition that a school on the west coast has been able to secure a share of the honours. The school referred to is that of Colton, which for the second time in succession lias gained the writing competition between schools in classes 8 to 12. The teacher, Mr. B. A. McCaffrey, has had charge of several schools during the last few years, but, in spite of the disadvantage of training new children, he now bears the unique and pleasing record of having seen his school win this prize six times consecutively. GAWLER, November 8.-Yesterday afternoon a Japanese fair was opened at the institute hall by Mrs.C. H. G-oode, of Adelaide. It was held under the auspices of the Baptist church, and was for the re duction of the debt on the local manse. The room was prettily decorated, and even the attendants were adorned a la Japanese. The general effect was striking, and the pro ceedings throughout were successful. The attendants, of whom there were a large number, formed a guard of honour for Mrs. Goode, who, in a graceful speech, de clared the fair open. The Rev. 11. IS. Hughes and Messrs R. J. Lavis and A. II. Hania also took part in the ceremony. One stall was devoted to competitions in cookery, flowers shirt-ironing, boot-cleaning, and so on, and rivalry was keen. Each stall was surmounted with a Japanese name in artis tic lettering, and this work was also the subect of competition. Music was rendered during the afternoon and morning, and there were also a hat-trimming contest for gentlemen and a naildriving competition for ladies. The committee cons:sted of Mes dames R. J. Lavis (president), A. H. Har; ris, C. Rogasch, G. Moore, and Peek, Miss Polden (secretary), and Messrs. 11. J. Lav s, A. II. Harris, C. G. Rebbeck, and the Rev. H. E. Hughes. The stalls and attendants were:-Flower, Misses Brooks, A. Thomas, S. Harris, M. Lavis, and L. Peek, and Mr. E. Stevens; plain work, Mesdames J. Jones, Anderson, Grosser, and Misses J'olden and S. Martin; competition, Misses Finch, Glas tonbury, Rogasch, and A. Sumniertxm; fancy. Misses Parlor, E. Brooks, I. Latter, and M. Finch, and Master E. Marehant; fairy well, Misses I. Fint-h and M. Mar chant; produce Mrs. Manser, Misses Moore and A. Rebbeck, and Mr. Manser; sweets, Misses H. Lavis, M. Moore, D. Litter, and E. Harvey, and Master J. Rebbeck; fruit and drinks, Messrs, Craee and Follett, and Misses Cutler and M. Elliott; refieslunents, Misses Holmes, M. J. Summerton, E. -Mareliant, E. Snmmerton, E. Anderson, and Forrest and Master M. Crace. GAWLER, November 9.-The Japanese fair in aid of the Baptist manse fund was brought to a conclusion last niglit. Theie was a large attendance 'I'll e gro^s proceeds, totalled £110, and of Oiis nearly £90 will probably be available for the reduction of the debt. GAWLER, November 12.-The popu larity of the present mayor, Sir. R. K. Thomson, was further indicated on Satur day evening, when he was entertained at a social at lhe town hall by the members of the Gaxvler brass band. There wei"2 present, in addition to the members of the band and the council, several leading townsmen. The chair was occupied by Sir. Alfred Slay. After the loyal toast had been honoured '"The mayor" was proposed ~ by Sir. J. P. Riggs, the leader of the band, lie had known his worship ever since their school days, and on behalf of the band he congratulated him on the way he had car rieu out the business of the town and cap tained his team during the year. He had treated the band as a gentleman, and it had given the musicians the greatest pleasure l.o assist in the different demonstrations that had been held during Sir. Thomson's term of oilice. The mayor had responded right well to the many calls that had boiii made upon him. Sir. E. H. Coombe supported the toast in complimentary. terms, and also eulogized the acting mayoress, Sirs. D. Thomson, seu., for the way in which she had carried out the arduous duties which had fallen to her. lhe toast was drunk enthusiastically. Sir. Thomson said lie felt highly gratified at the great compliment they had paid him. He did not think he had done more for the band than was his duty, considering the way it had assisted him on every occasion when called upon. He thanked them also for the kind refe rences to his mother. "The councillors" was proposed by Sir. R. J. Lavis, who also congratulated the mayor on his successful term. He had been ably assisted by the councillors. Cr. Rebbeck responded. He also spoke highly of the assistance that had been rendered by the band at the various demonstrations during the year. "The town and trade of Gawler" was submitted by Sir. F. _D. Harris. The Hon. E. Lucas, SI.L.C., in reply, referred to the picturesque appearance of the town compared with many others owing to the extensive . tree planting that had been adopted and the satisfactory condition of local trad". Alluding to the proposed Angaston railway, he said there was no doubt that Gawlec was the proper starting point. He did not think, however, that the Bill would pass this session. Sir. J. F. Martin also replied. He had no fear about the future of Gaw ler, neither did he think that the town would be injured by the Angaston railway. On the whole it would benefit by it. Al luding to the mayor, he said the whole dis trict had been pleased at the way Mr, Thomson had carried out his duties. The town was also indebted to Sirs. Thomson. "The Gawler brass band" was proposed by the mayor in eulogistic terms. It had been in existence nearly forty years, and he be lieved it could hold its own against any other in the colony. During his term of office between £600 and £700 had passed through his hands for patriotic and charit able purposes. Messrs. F. E. Suinmertou and J. P. Riggs responded. The former sug gested thft a rotunda should be erected in Gawler. Other toasts honoured were "The corporation officers," proposed by Cr. W-il kinson, and acknowledged by Messrs. S. B, Rudall and P. Cheek: "The friends and sup- < porters of the band/' submitted by Mr. H. J Jj. Marsh and responded to by Cr. William son; "The press," proposed by Mr. Rudali; and "The chairman," by the mayor. , GUMERACHA, November 13-In their desire to keep abreast with improvements made for the production of highest quality cheese and butter, both for local trade and export, the directors or Uie Gumeracha dairy factory company have just had completed to their order a new refrigerator, which is now at work. The contract was undertaken by Messrs. A. W. Sandford & Co., who sup plied, erected, and put in operation withia 30 days of their tender being accepted This reflects credit on that firm, and upon the engineers, Messrs. James Martin and Co., Gawler, who supplied the machinery portion. The refrigerator is that known as the Auldjo patent, on the ammonia system, which appears to be superseding all others for the economical production of cold. The machine is for refrigeration and ice making, as well as supplying cold water for opera-, tions of the factory. Every dairyman will readily understand' how much easier it 19 to produce finest-quality butter when dur ing the hottest weather there is a plentiful supply of water at a temperature of 3D deg. The cold-water ?tank is erected on the floor above, and by this means supplies by gravitation the churns and butter worker. A simple sprayer for use on the butter worker .assists greatly in' the operation oi this machine. In the cooling chambers the coils are hung on the walls, and it is as tonishing how rapidly the temperature of these rooms can be brought, down to below the freezing point ot water, 28 to 30 deg. showing on the thermometer the other day when the directors visited the factory. Taken altogether, the plant seems a most complete HAWKER, November 5.-Messrs. Wil liam Bennie and Peter Mclnnis delivered at the railway station yesterday afternoon two loads containing 80 bales of scoured wool and 21 bales of greasy wool, from the Wooltan and Moolawatana sheep stations, on beha'.f of Messrs. McTaggart and Mc Callum, owners. Mr. Bennie states the track is in a bad state. They had to carrv horsefeed for their horses ior the whole trip, as there is none whatever on the track. HOLDER, November 1.-On Thursday the children of the Holder public school held their annual concert in the schoolroom. A lai-ge number of parents and friends were presen't, and were pleased with the various items given by the_ children. During the concert the certificates gained by the chil dren at the late examination were distri buted. The manual work of the school was on view during the evening, and reflected credit on the teacher, Mr. Odgers, and children under his control.-The Rev. II. King preached his farewell sermon here on Wednesday evening, to a fair attendance. Great surprise was occasioned by his re moval to the-Orroroo district, and the se cretary, Mr. Crocker, on behalf ol the set tlers, wished him godspeed in the new sphere. The rev. gentleman, in a few well chosen remarks, acknowledged the com HORSHAM (Victoria), November 12. During the past 10 days Messrs. F. Hagel Uiorn & Co. have disposed of 20,000 acres of land at prices varying from £2 to £3 7s. 6d., and in no instance has the area ex ceeded 1,000 for the individual sale.-Ihe Go"crnment have decided to resume pastor al block K, known as the blue blocks. Should the land all be applied for it is in-' tended to throw open other pastoral blocks in the same vicinity.-Pastor Kaibe), who leaves here this week for South Australia, has been presented by liis congregations with a purse of sovereigns. Several pre sentations have also been made to his November 10.-'Three old re sidents of the town and district have died this week in tlic persons of rrauk Raymond (65), Mrs. E. Curnow (73) and Mrs. J. .Allen (.*30).-JJespite the fact that the council has been talking for some time i about lighting the town with electricity, an acetylene gas agency has been opened here. Mr.'F. Potter, who is a member ot the council, is the agent, and he has arranged with seveial business people to light their premises with the gas._ It is already in use in two places, and is giving general satisfac tion 11 is now probable that the electric light will receive strong oppositioni- l?or some time a number of ladies at the Walla roo mines luve been at work preparing for 1 a fair, to raise funds for the purpose of building a small hall for the mines, wherein social gatherings could he held. Mrs. 11. Upson Hancock opened the fair on Wednes day afternoon, and it was continued on thai and tiie next evenings, with the satisfac tory result- that £120 was raised, hacli evening a musical programme was carried out, principally by the Kadina military baud. The stallholders were:-Mesdaines lXfddo-.v, Hodges, Nankcvill, and Walker, produce; Mesdames' W. Quick and .1. li. Brown and Misses Garland, Mitchell, Ben nett Johns, and Woolcock, refreshments; Messrs. J. Griffiths, J. Trevoran, and o. Gr-iv cool drinks; Misses Bertha 1 ainblyn, E. and B. Broad, Foster, B. Mitchell, and 1, Nankevill, pot plants; Mrs._Watson and Misses Dawe. Trevoran, and Besanko, wn cy goods; Mesdames 11. Brown, E. Martin, T. Hatta.ni, and Misses Brown, May Dawe, H. Tamblvn, plain goods; Mrs. 1'. Tanvblyn and Misses Broad, Opie, Gwy, Lucy Dawe, and P. Tamblyn, sweets.-At a recent meet ing of the friendly societies it.was decided that a church parade be held in aid of the widow of the late H. Dodd, who was for a long time a member of the inaependent or der of Rechabites, Albert district.-A series of Shakspearian lectures, by the Rev. T. B. Reed M.A., of Melbourne university, ar ranged by the local institute committee, arc moving a financial failure, and the en ''eavniir* of the committee to promote the well being of the public are being thrown away Already four lectures have been (riven, and eacli was poorly attended. KANGARILLA, November 10.-At the invitation of the head master of the pubbc school a large number of parents ,and friends attended on Friday to inspect the schoolwork. Mr. Thos. Shipway, chair man of the board of advice, who occupied the chair; Mr. David Tester, local member of board of advice; and the Rev. George Hall gave addresses. The head uia-ster s re port showed that out of 87 children exa mined by Inspector Neale 75 had been pro moted, 8 had gamed compulsory certifi cates and of 6 examined in tne fifth class 5 gained certificates. The whole school had obtained 80.7 marks, which was an advance of 21 per cent, on last year. Several pieces of music were sung by the children, with Mrs. Collins at the organ. Mrs. Snell serv ed afternoon tea to the visitors, and a pleasant time was spent in examining the fancy and manual work. The bookbinding was exceptionally good, and for this class 100 per cent. wa6 obtained. Mr. D. Tester regaled the children with sweets-A con cert was given in the friendly societies' hall on Thursday evening in connection with the Southern Cross tent, I.O.H. Mr D. Tester occupied the chair, and the hall was crowded. The members of the Powell fa milv, of Maclaren Flat, gave instrumental music and a dialogue^ Messrs. Conner Bro there contributed a dramatic piece, songs i were rendered by Misses Clements, O. ] Nicolls, and Osmond, and instrumental ] music by Mr. Ethelbert Thorpe and the : Misses O. Shelton and Bluntish, and re- ! citations by Mrs. W. Nicolle and Air. Stan-1 ley Bottrill. LEIGH'S CREEK, November 5.-Mr. Burgan, of (the Education Department, has j inspected the schoolhouse, and made en quiries which will enable him to report on requisite alterations. -It was pointed out to him that it was desirable to have a stone building, and plenty of room for a play ground-M.C. Marshall, of Quorn, is tem porarily in charge of the police station. We are trying to have a Savings Bank branch opened here.-Mr. Eaton, of the En gineer-in-Chief's Department, has made a survey of the copper corporation railway. MACCLESFIELD, November 8.-A suc cessful concert was given last week by the Eupils of the sisters of St. Joseph, assisted y friends, including Mr. W. Graham, the well-known baritone. Father Landy pre- sided. Mr. Beaumont Bead pave a cine- matograph entertainment on Monday to a : most appreciative audience. MALLALA, November 6. - At the monthly meeting of the local branch of the agricultural bureau, held on Monday even- ing, the following resolution, moved by the secretary, Mr. W. It. Stephenson, and se conded by Mr. R. Butler, M.P., was unani mously carried:-"That it is with deep regret we record the death of Mr. S. ' Churches, lie having been a member of this branch since lits inception. As a practical farmer he stood in the first rank, and was always willing to give the benefit of his knowledge and experience to those who sought it. As a business man he was honourable, and was ever ready to render financial aid to the institutions of the town." For many years Mr. Churches con ducted a butcher and bakery business, and was well known and highly respected by a large number of the trading community. He was also deputy returning oflicer for the district of Yatala. MOONTA, November 7.-At a meeting of the committee of the local benevolent society on Friday evening the secretary re ported having received £6 13s. 4d. from the friendly societies' parade committee, also £3 3s. froan the Duke of Edinburgh lodge, and "£2 from Miss Stocker, nhe proceeds of a juvenile' concert. MORCHARD, November 9.-On Friday evening a concert and strawberry fete were held at the Morchard hall, at which tlierc was a record attendance, over 300 people being present from 1'ekina, Willowie, Wal loway, and Orroroo. A pleasant evening was spent. j.ne Rev. li. W. Doudney, of Or roroo; Miss Rosa, of Jamestown; Misti Tresise, of Orroroo; Mrs. Stacy, of- We powie; and Air. and Mrs. Stewart, o£ Cou mooroo, contributed to make the concert a success. ]\lrs. J. McDougall originated ths fete in connection with Way Memorial Sun beam circle. Everything passed off suc cessfully, and the proceeds amounted to over £12. MOUNT GAMBIER, November C.-A se vere frost on Saturday night injured a great many of the potato crops on the lower lauds.-Tlie actual price given by the local syndicate for Mr. li. M. Gardiner's Whin liam estate of 11,300 acres was £2 5s. per acre. They intend to subdivide it into blocks for sale.-Mr. John Spain, the lessee of the Commercial Hotel here, has purchas ed the hotel from the South Australian brewing company.-The Mount Gambler bi cycle club held its first moonlight run for the season last night. About 25 members, including live ladies, went out. MOUNT GAMBIER, November 11. The Mount Gambier and Millicent diesa clubs (senior and junior) have resolved to obtain a challenge trophy, value ten guinea? or more, for competition among chess players in the south-east.-A church pa rade of volunteers was held this forenoon at the Bantist church. About 25 of th.; mounted rifles, under Lieut. Norman, and 70 of D Co. infantry, under Lieut. Heaver, with the military band of 18 members, under the direction of Mr. J. Tascoe, at tended. The Rev. T. Dowding delivered a good sermon, from Romans viii. 37.- ? Pte. R. A. Malone, one of the members of. the first South Australian contingent to South Africa, who returned invalided to Adelaide a week or two ago, reached here last night. He was met at the railway sta tion by Lieut. Heaver, of 1) company, Lieut. Daniel, of the Scottish company, and the mayor, and escorted to the town hall, in front of which he was given a pub lie welcome home. A crowd of 400 or 500 people cheered him cordially. Malone was one of the particularly unfortunate soldiers, as he was in hospital a great" part of the time he was in South Afr'ca.-By the death of Mr. James Umpherston the Mount Gambier branch of the agricultural bureau was deprived of its chairman. The appointment of a successor has been de fetred. At the monthly meeting of the branch yesterday afternoon it was stated as likely that Mr. T. L. Browne, of JVToo rak, would be appointed to t.ie vac.int place as a member. A visiting tour through Mount Gambier West will be held on the last Monday of this month. MOUNT PLEASANT, November 7.-On Friday evening the local band of hope gave an entertainment, consisting-of the can tata "Uncle Tom, conducted by Mr. Nin nis. The connective readings were given by Mr. Bailey. There was a good audi ence, and the proceeds should be satisfac tory! MOUNT PLEASANT, November 8. There was a very large attendance of buy ers and sellers at the monthly market on Tuesday. The yards were full of all kinds of stock, and nearly every line was sold at highly satisfactory figures, cattle reaching nearly record prices. A line of 16 steers, 2} years, averaged £4 12s.; fat cows, £6; springers, to £5 10s.; one bull, £0 2s. 0d.; wethers, fls. 3d.; aged ewes, 7s. Id.; lambs, 7s. Id.; pigs, 5s. to 41s. At the conclusion of the sale Mr. Giles sold a wether which Mr. Bax some months since presented to be sold on the Bugler principle on behalf of the war fund. It then reached a good price, and Mr. Bax promised the sheep for final sale for the same fund after shear ing. On Tuesday it was sold for £1 Is. Mr. William Either, of Adelaide, being the purchaser.-During a cricket match between Blumberg and Mount Pleasant on Saturday Mr. Milne, who was wicketkeeping for Blumberg, met with a painful accident. A fast ball glanced off ? the batsman and caught him" between the eyes, breaking the bridge of the nose and causing other pain ful injuries. Dr. Proctor dressed the wound, and Mr. Milne is now rapidly recovering. Last evening the Right Rev. Dr. Harmer, Bishop of Adelaide, in the presence of a large congregation held a confirmation ser vice in St. John's church. The Rev. Stu art Wayland assisted. Twelve candidates were confirmed. - On Sunday anniversary services were held in the Presbyterian . church. The Rev. Mr. Wilson preached. On Tuesday the annual tea in connection with the church was held in the institute and largely attended. In the evening a meeting was held in the church, when addresses were delivered by Mr. Wilson and others. Mr. Wilson has accepted the charge of the church in the place of the Rev. H. T. . Hull, who resigned-some t'me since. NARRACOORTE, November 11.--Hie general public here observed Friday as a public holiday,-in honour of the Prince of Wales's birthday, and all the business places were closed. "The 'weather was beau tifully fine for outdoor amusement. A team of cricketers went to Apsley to play ft game with" the Victorians. Narracoorte made 49, and Apsley 146. Munn scored 48 and Bird 46 for Apsley, and Piatt and 'Simmeii8 compiled 10 each for Narracoorte, -The fine and dry weather we. have had has permitted, shearing to proceed rapidly in this district. Hynam cut out on Fri day, the Narracoorte stat'on on Thursday, and others will follow suit in a few' days.-i The Caledonian society is busy making ar< rangements for its gathering at Christmas time. For the continental in the evening the ground is to be illuminated with acetyl lene gas, and city singers are being eA ' gaged. Most convenient train arrange* merits have been granted, and the fixture promises to be a success.-At the monthly meeting of ? the agricultural bureau, held on Saturday, the members spent tile after* noon' at Mr. Schinckel's Need wood farm, and were entertained at tei there by the chairman, Mr. S. Schinchel.-Mrs. Ann Moore, the relict of the late Mr. William Moore, died on Friday, at the age of 74. She arrived in the colony about the yen* 1854, and came to the soutli-east in 1876. With her husband she resided most of the time since at Lochaber. Mr. John'Moore, of Lake Ormerod, and Mrs. J. G. Forster are respectively son and daughter oi the deceased. NHILL (Victoria), November 12.-Mr. George Lannin, of Leeor, has Tiad A good return of wool from his sheep this year. Two-tooth merino wethers and ewes nave averaged from 16 to 18 lb.-The friendly so" cietv sports were held at Kaniva last week} about £20 was netted.-Mr. John Tully, who has been a resident of the Mortafc and Servieeton districts for over 30 years, died suddenly at his residence, at Lock hart last-week from heart disease. Decease^ was highly respected through the Wimmera and border districts. NURIOOTPA, November 7.-Efforts arq being made to raise the necessary funds ta build a church of England in this town* ship.-Messrs. Tolley, Scott, & ToUey, o8 the Angas Park distillery, are erecting q large new boiler to supply steam to run the mew crushing machinery which was erected last .grape season. The boiler to replace! the old one was manufactured by Messrs.. nawite & Co., of Kapunda, and it iB said to be a first-class piece of workmanship, This large distilling firm are adding to tliei* already extensive works every year, an they expect, when the present works ar« competed, to be able to take in a very much larger quantity of grapes than hither* to, so that growers will have no fear oj not being able to dispose of the grapes 84 in former years. ORROROO, November 7.-As Sgt. F. S. Rehder, of the Orroroo mounted rifles, was proceeding to his house last night to don his uniform, his horse stumbled. The of pulling the animal up short burst tha saddle girths, and Rehder was thrown to the metal roadway. Severe cuts on thp facd and a damaged knee added to the shock will confine him to his house for several days. PORT AUGUSTA, November 8.-Th« annual fair in connection with the Method dist church was opened in the town ljtal} to-day by the mayor, Mr. T. Young. Thq several stalls were very tastefuny decoratj ed, and there was an excellent display o( foods. Mesdauies T. liewitson and W. fancairow are joint secretaries. A musical programme, tableaux, &c.; was carried out iq the evening. The fair, which was most successful, will be continued to-morrow. Following are the stallholders:-Fruit. Mes« dames W. Harden and C. Ward; lollies, Misses L. Roberts, H. Ward, and J. Hun' ter; cakes, mesdames T. Hewitson and W, Nancarrow; flowers, Misses Taylor, Ward/ Mam, fipargo, and Yates; fancy, junioj girls' circle, Mesdames G. Wellby and J| Blight; fancy, senior girls' circle, Mrs. 8 Bice and Misses Buckhurst, Dunstan, Jonea and Trenibath; needlework, M sdames Dodl son, Hunter, and Melville; cool drinka Mis. A. Austin and Lionel Taylor; tea and refreshments, Mesdames White, Trembath. Taylor, Bryant, YV. H. Brown, Milton, and Misses Bice, Richards, and Brown; shoot* ing gallery, Mr. Farmer; old woman ia shoe, Miss D. White; living chess and side« shows, Messrs. T. liewitson, W. J. Trem bath; tableaux, A. J. Magrath; waxworks, J. Blight; strawberries, Mesdames Ward, Harden, and Miss Home; and electric bat tery, Mr. Rock. The prize list is as fol* lows:-Marble cake, Miss Haft; orang« cake, Mrs. Blight; orange layer cake, Mrs. Donaldson; ice cake, Mrs. G. B. Bryant; pound cake, Mrs. W. J. Trembath: sultanai cake, Miss E. Tausel; sponge cake, MJistf iNunan; seed cake, special prize, Miss E, Tausel, Mrs. Yates; coffee cake, Miss E, Hunter; ribbon cake, special prize, Mrs. O. Gill, Mrs. F. Christophersonj jam sandwich, special prize, Mrs. Trembath, Miss Hakendorf; jam roll, special, Mrs. Trembath, Mrs. Harden; small cakes, Mrs« G. B. Bryant; scones, Miss Nunau; ginger bread, Miss Yates; gingernuts, Mrs. Soha< win; Cornish pasties, Mrs. J. White; home« made bread, Miss Nunan; jam tarts, Mi's, Stephens; cockles, Miss Meyers; special cockles, Miss T. Tothill; Barcelona buttons, Miss P. Jones; cocoauut cake, Mrs. Blight; cream puffs, Miss E. Hart; table bouauet, Miss Yates; hand bouquet, Miss Donaldson; buttonhole. Miiss O. Lyford; basket ol flowers, Miss E. Trembath; best pinaforti Mrs. T. Julian; best dressed doll, MlBi Buckhurst. ORROROO, November 9.-A tragia death was that of Herbert Arthur Jones, son of Mr. W. H. Jones, a farmer, living about four miles from the township, on tha Erskine road. A pimple on the lower lip growing troublesome, the boy scratehcd off the head. Blood-poisoning ensued, the' lower jaw mortified, the poison circulated through the body, and after several days of intense suffering the lad succumbed. The Way Memorial Sunbeam circle held a strawberry fete at Morehard yesterday. A large gathering of parents and friends .honoured the occasion, and ample justice was done to the good things provided. In the evening an entertainment was given at the institute by local amateurs, assisted by friends from Orroroo. The hall was crowded by an appreciative audience. PAMATTA, November 9.-On Wednes* day evening a eiuuiTt wsm civtui in th9 Bible Christian chmvh, which wng crowd* ed. The following i.mtnlmtml :? -Mesdaiue^ KoHosehe. JlnrrimsMn. tuul lUWnfUl, Missed Trcsise, Thomas, Dunn. Moyses, and Ma* liood, and Mesam. Mi-Ukchtm, Kollosche, and Schilling. PETERSBURG, November 9.-At tha Petersburg hotel last evening the local branch of the cnginemen, firemen, anq cleaners' association-entertained Messrs._ fe. H. Knott and F. J. Lines, who are leaving the town shortly. Mr. F. B. Rushton, loco, superintendent, occupied the chair, and Mr. H. V. Haymau, loco, foreman, waj also present. There was a large attendance! which would have been materially Increased but for the heavy traffic on the road. AB branches of the railway service as well as the town were represented. After the loyal . toast had been accorded musical honours^ the chairman expressed pleasure at occupy4! iiig the position that evening. He regretted that lie was losing two of the best engine men under liis control, tout he agreed with the policy of the1 chief'mechanical engineer i:i giving" men a change. He thought after 12 or 13 years in' the north, men deserved a change*-to 'more congenial climes/ and the j reiviova'r to Glenelg ~would probably be ac- j ceptaible'to both'their guests. It was only | .fair, too, that men who liad spent the. {..r'cater part'of their terra of service in the j city should gain a little experience of nor thern traffic. He maintained that the Petersburg shed' was a good school for any man. the traffic on the Coekbuni to Pine line was heavier than on any other similar line in Australia, and that this immense traffic had been carried on a single line with immunity from serious accident stamped j the- iiien as being first class. The few slight accidents that had occurred could not in any case be attributed to neglect on the part of the running staff. The men on this i division were capable of taking charge of a train anywhere in Australia. Ha was ploas r J, whfin he enquired who was to be scut in place of Messrs. Lines and Knott, to receive il'.e reply, "No one, you must make your own men.'"' This mc.int piomotion, which I5!;i!i.v had been awaiting for a considerable lime, and which they richly deserved. The {oast "Our guests" was proposed by Mr. J. Johnston, who thought that the chief me chanical engineer was beginning to find out v, here "the best men were. This was sup ported by Messrs. T. Fitzgerald, J. llemers, J{. Gluyas, James Iieithersaiy, George Prime, H. C. Hamilton, T. Wallace, and D. Collier, and was drunk most enthusiasti cally. Mr. Collier, on behalf of the mora bcrs of the association, presented Messrs. Knott iind Lines with gold medals, suitably inscribed. Alter the guests had responded "Kindred societies" was proposed by Mr, J. Heme's, and responded to by Mr. C. Hill. "The town and trade of Petersburg," "The press," and ''The host and hostess" were i\',*o honoured. The speeches were intcr r.pcrsed by songs by Messrs. Kusliton, Griffiths, "Flight, Gluyas, Donaldson, and White, and recitations by Messrs. T. Fitss rroiald, Keallev, and Lines.-Mr. John Elliot Walker, an old resident of Petersburg, and wwll-known engine driver on the northern lirios, died at his residence on Wednesday, lifter ihree or four months' illness. He was fiS years of age, and prior to coming to the colony had for 23 years been employed by i!ie midland railway company, England, for 37 of which he WAS driving. In 1SS7 he cntie to this colony, and at once obtained a posi tion as driver on the Cockburn line, which had just been opened, and he took one of the first through trains to Broken Hill. De ceased was a member of the amalgamated society of engineers, and for two years was chairman of the railway mutual sick and iicoident fund. Mrs. Walker died about 5 years ago. Deceased has left 11 children i'.nd 3 or 4 grandchildren.-The attention of ihe town council was devoted at the Inst meeting mainly to the consideration of lighting the town hall. Some months ago, in spite of protests from many ratepayers, the council at considerable expense erected a plant for the manufacture of wood gas. The light at first was brilliant, but the quality has deteriorated, and about a fort night ago one of the retorts burnt out. Councillors now are so dissatisfied that a considerable amount of discussion was de . otcd to the advisableness of returning to l-'MOsine, or converting the wood-gas plant into one for generating acetylene gas. Eventually it was resolved that-"The ques tion of lighting be held over for the new nuneil to deal with." The mayor protested that councillors were afraid to take the re ty.nubility of 'their offices. PORT ELLIOT, November 12.-Last Friday afternoon a meeting of the local branch of the mothers' union was held in M. Jude's hall. There was' a large atten dance, as Lady Tennyson was expected to be present, but unforunately, owing to the illness of her little boy, she was unable to attend. A pleasant and profitable time was spent, during which Mrs. Lay, o£ lleathcote, the energetic secretary, explain ed the aims and methods of the uni:n. Afternoon tea was provided by Mrs. T. M. I "oyer, and Mrs. C. H. Hussey described some of the results of the work in the Mly. Reference was also made to the good (loiie bv the union through their cards oil the village settlement? and remote places on the River Murray, instances of which had come under the notice of Lidy Tenny r.ou during the viceregal visit a fortnight . £0. PORT PIRIE, November 7.-A large number of leading residents met in the mayor's Loom this afternoon for the pur pose of making a presentation and saying ?Mod by to Miss Scott, who for many years has carried on successfully the high school here. The mayor, Mr. L. J. Wilcher, occu pied the chair, and after reading an ad it: ess presented it, together with a purse of sovereigns, to Miss Scott. He paid a high tribute to Miss Scott's high qualities. Her departure would be a great loss to the loivh. Messrs. J. P. 5tow, S.M., William Goode, W. K. Mallyon, T. C. Simpson, and Charles Geddes supported the mayors re inaiks. The Rev. A. G. King, incumbent of Ni. Paul's Church, thanked Miss Scott for the great help she had rendered to the church, especially as organist, for several years at St. Barnabas's, Solomontown, and later on at St. Paul's. Miss Scott feelingly replied. The address set loith how higmy indebted the residents were to Miss Scott for the furtherance of high-class education, for the willing services she had freely offer ed 10 the public in assisting all charitable institutions, and for the help she had'lent in assisting the sick and suffering, especially amongst the poorer classes. It was signed on behalf of the numerous subscribers by L. J. Wilcher, mayor; J. P. Stow, S.M.; and Henry V. Warren. Miss Scott will leave by train for Adelaide to-morrow " morning to enter upon duties at one of the largest ladies' colleges in the city.-A young man named Codd met with a severe acci dent this morning at the railway yard. He was badly crushed, and had several ribs broken.-Great interest is being taken in military matters here, and those who have joined the newly formed companies are at tending the drills regularly. PORT PIRIE, November 12.-J. Le fance, a well-known boatman, reports that . n whale has been blown ashore at False Bay, where it has evidently been for some time. Most of the head and tail are miss ing, but about 40 ft. of carcass is on the beach. Lefance'has brought in the upper jaw, which measures about 12 ft. in length, PORT PIRIE, November 12.-A good deal of friction has arisen between some of the ratepayers and tlie town council through the latter having reduced the ex isting levels of_ some of the footpaths, thereby undermining the fences, and leav ing them in an unsafe state. The residents claim that, as the footpaths have been formed for so inany -years, they were jus tified in accepting the levels as correct, and erected their fences accordingly. The council, on the other hand, ma'ntains that «s the present levels are not correct, and that the removal of part of the footpaths and- washaway is necessary to allow the Hood waters to get away. The council, how ever, is not quite unanimous, and the feel ing has become so intense that a special meeting of the ratepayers is to be held to-morrow night to consider the quest:ou. Some of the moat prominent townsmen are taking the matter up.-Brother Diggle, a lay evangelist of the church of Eng land. arrived' last week, and' has taken up work under the Rev. A. G. King, incum | bent of St. Paul's. Brother Diggle will work in conjunction with Brother, Walter, and his" duties will extend as far as Port Germein. The members of this brotherhood are eminently successful . in carry ing on the ' work of the church iiuder the incumbent of the parish. Friday was visiting day at the Solomon | town"public -school. There was a large number of parents and friends present. Mr.-W. E. Gallagher, the head master,read the annual report, which stated that there were 434 children on the register, and 342 had been examined, 234 of the latter liqying been promoted. Complaint was made about the irregular attendance of many of the children, the reason assigned being the crowded state of the school. The percent age gained at the examination was 85.6, which was considered satisfactory, especi ally when the fact was taken into con sideration that the examination was held a month before its time. The mayor, Mr. L. J. Wileher, and Mr. T. C. Simpson spoke in complimentary terms of the good work achieved. An inspection was then made of the work done by the children, which included brushware and fancy work. Singing was heard from the senior classes, and the other classes Ave re put through their ordinarv work. PORT VICTORIA, November 7.-The residents of Port Victoria and" the sur rounding districts are pleased to learn that it is likely there will be two mails weekly direct through Port Vincent instead «f one, as at present. PORT VINCENT, November 3.-Great satisfaction is expressed here on all sides at the possibility of getting direct mail communication twice weekly instead of once, as it is at present'. Thisjs the nearest point to Port Adelaide on Yorke s Penin sula, being fully half an hour less steaming time than Salisbury. QUORN, November 13.-Prospects are anything but bright just now, and we can look forward to a dull winter. The rail way traffic in fat and other stock has fallen right- off, but the station is fairly busy with the llux industry, which is a boon to many of the fanners who have no crop this year. Last week over 300 tons was dis patched, and there is not only an unlimit ed supply, but it is improving at depth, al though so far mostly surface stuff has been forwarded. More teams are being put on. It will mean a very serious loss to this place if the Iron Knob Railway Bill passes.-The locusts have nearly finished with us. Never before have they'been more destructive to the gardens, some of which they have com pletely devoured. Nothing comes amiss | to their gluttony. Onions, carrots, vege tables, flowers, vines, fruit-trees, all go, even tj the bark, whilst prickly cactus is appar ently relished as a dessert. People who have not. seen their ravages would scarcely believe that in a few days a bright little garden, the care of months, would entirely disappear. RIVERTON, November 7.-General re gret was expressed here when the news of the death of Mr. J. E. llannafoud, aged 66 years, formerly an old and most respected resident of this district, became known. Mr. Hannaford was among the first set tlers, ariving here with his brother, Mr. F. Hannaford, about 45 years ago. lie took up land and entered in'to farming and grazing pursuits, and resided here ever since till about a little over two years ago, when he removed to Medindie, his son, Mr. Walter Hannaford, taking over the old homestead. Mr. Hannaford was most highly respected by all, although not taking any very promi nent part in polities. On several occasions he was asked 4o contest the district of Woo roora. but declined. He was one of the founders of the Riverton institute, and re mained a trustee of the same till his death. He was president of the national defence league branch here. He was also closely associated with the late Bible Christian church. Although his death was not quite unexpected, it fame as a surprise to many of his friends. The death of his only sister, who lived a few miles from here, also oc curred only a few hours .after his decease. The late Mr. Hannaford has left a widow, two sons, Messrs. Arthur and Walter Han naford, resident here, and four daughters one married to the Rev. C. Schafer and another to the Rev. J. Ashton. SPALDING, November 11.-A daring case of housebreaking occurred on Satur day morning. Mrs. llennesy locked up her place at 11 o'clock on Saturday to go down to her mother's house, and on returni.-g at about 1.15 p.m. she found that some one had been in, and that her olothcs-bnxe^ had been unlocked, and several articles of clothing, valued at about £12. had been taken. M.C. O'Connell, of Bundaleer, took the matter in hand, and on Sunday morn'ng a suspect was arrested, and all the pro perty was recovered. STIRLING EAST, November 8.-On Monday evening a meeting was held in the institute to consider the advi.-sableness of forming a cycle club. There was a large number present, and a club was formed, to be called the Stirling district cyc'.e clnb, affiliated with the league of South Aus- j tralian wheelmen.-Last evening in the same building the Beaumont Read company gave a cinematograph representation to a good house. STIRLING EAST, November 13.-On Friday evening Mr. J. H. Symon, Q.C., gave an eloquent and entertaining lecture on "Shaksperian Quotations" in the Aldgate 'Methodist church. There was a good atten dance, and the eliair was occu pied by Mr. F. H. Snow.-The same evening an accident happen ed, by which Capt. llill, of Cnerry Grove, lost a valuable horse. The animal was being ridden through Aldgate by Mas ter Roy Hill, when it collided with Mr. S." . Golding's van. The horse died on the way home, but the rider escaped with only a severe shaking. - The holiday yesterday brought large numbers of people from the city to the cool, clear, and. bracing air of dUr tree-clad hills. SWAN REACH, November 6.-The resi dents have at last retained the* services of a medical man, Dr. Kelly-White, late of Morgan. Formerly they liad to travel 00 miles for medical aid. TARCOOLA, November 1.-An inquest was held on^Monday evening respecting the death of William Murphy, who died sud denly early on _ Monday. After a long ex amination of witnesses, the jury found that deceased died through natural causes, and that his death was accelerated by intempe rance. They added that in their opinion had medical and nursing attendance been procurable death would not have resulted.-At a public meet ing held on Wednesday at Gilligan'a hall, it was decided to float a co-operative carrying and trading company. Tine ideas of cooperation were clearly laid down by Mr. N. Simons, who was well received. lie cited the farmers' union as an instance of success. Manv shares were applied for. VICTOR HARBOUR, November 9 - Lady Tennyson, accompanied by her two sons' and Mdlle. Dussau, drove to the Port Elliot show yesterday.-Several hundred ] bales of wool have arrived uuring the past ' few days from the Murray for shipment. After returning from Port Elliot snow two vehicles collided at the comer of Ocean street, Port Victor. Three of the occu pants of one were thrown on to the metal road, but fortunately sustained no serious injury. VICTOR HARBOUR, November 10. Material - for relaying the line to Goolwa is being distributed as rapidly, as possible.-Numerous visitors have arrived during the past few days.-Great regret is expressed.at the illness of Lady Tenny son's youngest son. who is suffering from an attack of bronchitis. Her ladyship had arranged to attend a meeting of ladies con nected with St. Augustine's Anglican church at Port Elliot 011 Friday afternoon, but, owing to the sudden illness of 4ier child, was prevented from carrying out her inten tion.-It is said that a payable gold find has been struck in the neighbourhood of Bald Hills, and that samples submitted are satisfactory. A report is to be made on the property by an expert Government official.. A great future is predicted for Victor Har bour with the advent of federation and the locking of the Darling. Even at the pre sent time land values vary from £4 to £10 per ft. for frontages, while back township blocks command a high figure. VICTOR HARBOUR, November - The Victor Harbour rocket crew turned out promptly on a distress rocket being fired on Saturday afternoon, and conveyed the life saving gear to Granite Island, where they "went through their quarterly drill. Several visitors, including ladies, essayed the jour ney in the buoy from the is'and to the jetty.-The Victor ' Harbour cricket club, which practically became defunct after the general elections, has been reformed and a match took place on the Victor Harbour | oval on Saturday between the home team and one representing Port Eliiot. It re sulted in a win for the visitors by a smali majority. VICTOR HARBOUR, November 13 - Fish are scarce on the coast this season, and experts are at a loss to account for the falling off, as a few years ago schnnpper and mullet were abundant in the bay. (Scarcely enough fish have been taken lately to meet local requiremcnts. WAURALTEE, November 9.-On lion day a considerable number of residents of this and surrounding districts met at the invitation of Mr. Elson, of Minlaton, to witness a trial of one of Melrose & Elsoii's patent w.iter-extraetors. It took place in the sandhills west of the Wauraltee post office, and the machine did all t'iat was claimed for it. The special feature of ill's contrivance is that when there is a limited supply of fresh water floating on the salt and there are many such places in our colony, especially around our coasts-it takes away the fresh water, and leaves the salt. This is done by making a broad but shallow vessel, with perforated zinc around the sides, and a receiving tank at the e~d, into which the water flows and is pumped out, the fresh water still flowing into the tank. In drift sand the contrivance is pr-t down, and covered in with sand, and only the pump is seen. The trial took place in a bed of drift sand. WAUKARINGA, November 12. - The heat on Thursday last was intense, the thermometer at 1 o'clock having registered 102 deg. in the shade; on Saturday it reached over 95 deg.-The rabbit niusance is being utilized, and trappers are securing good bags bv means of cyanide poisoning. How these rodents exist at all is a mystery, as all vegetation has long since disappeared. If the drought continues for another few months there will be some hope of their extermination. WILLAMULKA, November 8.-The Hon. D. Mi Charleston, M.L.C., lectured on the "Federal tariff" on Monday evening in the Methodist church. There was a large attendance. Mr. T. 11. Rodda occupied the chair. Mr. Charleston explained his views on the subject in an able manner, and was accorded a vote of thanks, which was pro posed by Mr. Hore, sen., and seconded by Mr. A. 'March and carried unanimously. YORKETOWN, November 5.-A case of snakebite occurred on the Stanbury road near Yorketown on Monday. A party of telegraph line repairers having finished their labours for the day, were preparing to go to oami), when a snake was observed crossing the road. One man attacked and wounded the reptile, but the wound did not appear to disable it. As the snake got into the long grass and seemed in danger of es caping. another of the party attempted to catch the snake's tail, but mistook the dis tance and caught it near the head, with the result that he was bitten on the finger. ! An incision was made in the finger, and the wound was well sucked. 1 lie sufferer was brought into the town, put under the care of Dr. Davies, and is progressing favourably. Snakes are numerous this year. East week a resident lost a- valuable cat which had been bitten. The snake also succumbed, as they were found dead together, with n*irks of a severe struggle. 