FULL MMM&MM.; A TALE OF TWO HEMISPHERES. CHAPTER L BY CAPTAIN EAST GRAY. is little wonder that hundreds of persons, one-time sufferers from a variety of those ailments which flesh is heir to, who have been remitted for a while to the health-restoring coasts of Devonshire, leave with a lifelong remembrance of its invigorating yet well-tempered breezes, as well as its inland beauties of scenery, and the hearty hospitality of its natives. In the little village of Pendene, which lies in a green valley sheltered by verdant hills, forming a sort of causeway to the coast some three miles distant, stood three ancient, small, but comfortable farmhouses; the inhabitants of which could each boast of at least three generations before them occupying the same dwelling place. The three households had always been in more than neighbourly communication with each other, and although no matrimonial alliance had as yet resulted from such intimacy, their mutual relations were of the kindest and closest character. The occupant of Broad Farm, one Eli Frayling, had married a woman of s class superior to his own, a native of Exeter, who introduced to the homestead a somewhat refined air, to which it had hitherto been a stranger. She was also as careful as she was able to put a home polish on the elemental teaching afforded by the village school for the benefit of her two boys, Pierce and Leonard, of the respective ages of sixteen and twelve, who completed the family of the Fray 1 fog's at the time our story opens. On the opposite side of the valley stood the Long Farm, inhabited by Silas Pratt, his cheerful and homely wife, and their only child, a son, about the same age as Pierce Frayling, and bearing—though not rejoicingly—the peculiar front name of Areli, which needs an explanation to be given presently. The last of the three farms, needful for our notice, was known as Middle Farm, the owner of which, Philip Blaydon, found it pleasant and convenient to have on either side of him such lifelong, staunch friends as Eli Frayling and Silas Pratt. He was a widower, with two daughters—Hagar and Doras—the former fifteen and the latter ten years of age. It is doubtful whether in any other part of England the seeds of Methodism has taken greater root than in the counties of Devonshire and Cornwall, one of the proofs being the wholesale appropriation of Scriptural—especially Old Testament names. This fancy seems to have descended from father to son, or perhaps more properly speaking, from mother to daughter, as it seemed to be the matron's privilege to select the Christian names for the children. This did not and does not always meet with the after approval of those who are so dubbed, many of the names selected being totally inappropriate to the character to whom they had been given. Eli Frayling, for instance, thought it a great grievance tliat he should have to perpetuate the name of a fond but foolish old father who, though himself a good man, was punished for his inability to control two wicked sons. So he determined in the case of his own cliildren to make a departure from the rule, and with the full consent of his town-bred wife his two boys were christened Pierce and Leonard. Now, as to Areli Pratt, the parents were of the good old easy sort who thought that what had been good enough for their fathers should also be good enough for them. They determined, therefore, when their boy was born that he should not only carry through life a real Scriptural name, but that it should have a special and desirable signification, so Silas was content to leave the matter in the hands of his wife, who, for fully three weeks, complied literally with the injunction to "search the Scriptures" before she triumphantly emerged with "Areli." Silas, however, was not quite satisfied until Mary explained that after much patient research she bad dis covered that the Hebrew meaning of Areli is "heroic." ' What,' said she, ' can we wish for better than that the dear boy should be a hero f Silas was silenced but not quite convinced, as he had a slight misgivi ng with regard to the convenience of the name for everyday use. He repeated it over and over again, 'A-re, A-re,' until the sound seemed familiar to him. 1 That'll do, mother,' he said ; 1 his full name will allers be Script'ral, and a good old English name is Harry.' So it was settled, but . as the boy grew in years his mother lost no opportunity of reminding him of the signification of his full name with the hope that he would strive to be a hero through life. Philip Blaydon had almost felt as if an injustice had been done him when a second girl made her appearance on this earthly stage, while his neighbours right and left were blessed with sons to perpetuate their names and inherit their land. But when his partner in life was removed from the earth, he had reason to be thankful that so far AS household duties and fireside com forts went, his little maid Hagar— then eleven years of age—had been so well instructed by her mother as to prevent the necessity of calling in additional female help. With Phoebe (the dairymaid) and her little sister Doras (called Dotty), Hagar felt as eapablo as die was proud to act as the youthful mistress of Middle Farm, and her father soon fell happily in accord with her arrangements. Perhaps it would be as well to favor our readers with a closer introduction to Hagar Blaydon at this period of her existence. We may describe her in general terms as a thorough specimen of a healthy, bright-eyed buxom Devonshire beauty in the earliest dawn of blushing womanhood. In her manners free, but never forward. Her nut-brown hair lay full about her shoulders, and the part adornLig her forehead was neatly parted in the middle, and had a peculiar wavy crinkle of its own as it stretched away back over her ears, indescribably charming, and befitting her noble face, hazel eyes, sweet mouth, and dimpled chin. Add to these advantages a good temper, an affectionate disposition, a graceful figure, and a lively temperament, and you have Hagar Blaydon photographed before you. No wonder that Hagar was the delight of her father's eye and the comfort of his heart; no wonder that ail the lads of the village strove to gain her favor, aad made their own sunshine out of her smiles. The women, too, were equally smitten by her pleasing manner and pretty ways. There had always been a friendly rivalry between the Fraylings and the Pratts for the honor of her company. Association with Mrs. Frayling had given to her conversation a superior tone and a certain refinement to her manner. She was passionately fond of music, and as Aire. Frayling was the possessor of a good piano, and perfectly knew how to display its powers, she was able to gratify Hagar's desire to leara, and it ended in her becoming as accomplished a performer as her kind instructress and friend. Fond as he was of outdoor sport and occupation, Pierce Frayling spent Hours of an evening enchained to the side of the instrument, his eyes fixed on Hagar's sweet face, her voice thrilling through him, until she would become suddenly aware of his wrapt attention, and as suddenly close the piano, laughingly assuring him that if she continued playing he would become lost to the world altogether. Pierce's constant chum, associate, and schoolmate, Harry Pratt, was equally as anxious to be included in such enjoyment, although he did not possess the happy privilege of living beneath the same roof with a piano. He was equally as absorbed when he was favored to be present, until he got to look upon the face of Hagar as the face of an angel. It was becoming a dangerous enjoyment at a dangerous age for two such high-spirited, emotional lads as these to be brought into such frequent contact with the charms and the gifts of such a village queen as Hagar Blaydon of Pendene. From their earliest infancy these three had known each other. When wee tots together, never was little Hagar seen coming home from the dame school in the. village without her attendant squires who took it in turns to lug her up in their arms and carry her over all the rough places, up hill or down liill, till they finally deposited her at the house-door of Middle Farm. When all the fund of educational information possessed by Dame Blake was exliausted, so far as the loving little trio were concerned, they were removed together to the public school up the valley, to enjoy all the benefits which such promotion could confer. For some years, through summer's sunshine or winter's gloom, the small party went up the valley in company each morning, and down again each evening, Pierce carrying Hagar's books to school, and Harry conveying them home, often singing on the way one or more of the simple ditties taught them in the school hours. But now the time had arrived when these innocent pleasures of childish companionship were to an end. Hagar was called to take complete and permanent control of her father's house, and, consequently her opportunities for association with her former playmates were considerably limited. Pierce and Harry were both tall and well-grown lads, although the former was the more robust of the two. All a Saxon in appearance, with light curling short hair, bold blue eyes, and a determined cast of countenance, he formed somewhat of a contrast to Harry, whose complexion was rather sallow, and whose features were of a melancholy cast. He was of a idow and deliberate disposition too^ while Pierce was quick, sanguine, and passionate. Nevertheless, as Jonathan was to David "and David to Jonathan, so were they to each other. CHAPTER II. Life on a: small country .farm, with its daily humdrum round of duties, and affoi- diaig^so little change as could be found inPendene, could'scarcely be anything else but irksome to two youths like Kerce and Harry. Especially the former, with his sanguine temperament, who had high notions of going out into the world and' making a name for himself. These ideas were nurtured by the fact of his having spent two or three of his school vacations in Exeter with an old aunt of his mother's, with whom he was a great favorite. The bustle, life, and attractions erf * great city suited his ambition* wonderfully, nod opened up to him a|fUeMiheti|»^&lHought; ot he had pi^eured an Invitata^n - for his uiseparablechumftilM the result of that only to afford endiees' • fffflnflartjjiyr for reflection between thio^MTO^ ^but in the estimation of lihetfoherladsof the village placed them on a pedestal as those who -were to be imitated and respected, as having seen the world. Hany Pratt Jiad always been the weaker vessel,of the two. The affection of the hoys for each other was not only perfectly mutual, but perfectly equal, only the energy of Pierce always took the lead, and Harry was content to follow on. Pierce thought their lives, if spent in such a place as Pendene, would be wasted. Harry adopted the same view. Pierce, who was a • greedy devourer of all and sundry in literature, pictured the beauties and advantages, the wonders and glories of lands beyond the seas, where men - grow rich and become famous at veiy little trouble to themselves. Harry, with bis chin between his hands, and Ms elbows on his knees, would look up into the. face of his Mend earnestly, and become an easy convert to-belief in the supposition. More than once, tob, he bethought him of his Hebrew appellation and his mother's frequent reminder, and would murmur gently to himself " Areli, a hero; to become one I must go out into the world." Naturally, the outcome of all this was not only to maintain his devotion to his friend, but to increase his respect for his opinion so much that he was ready to cast aside any pre-conceived ideas of his own unless they received the seal of Pierce Frayling's approval. And now happened an event which, serious enough in itself, was of more importance still in shaping the course of events as regards the characters of our story. It had been the custom of the two lads, dating from the early schoolboy days, to start off every Saturday, weather allowing, and make for the sea coast. A parcel of bread and cheese or bacon sufficed for their rough appetites, and the day was spent, first in enjoying a refreshing bath, and then in conversing with one or another of the dozen fishermen, whose cottages were scattered here and there up on the rocks. They early became expert swimmers, and now and then had the treat of a short boating expedition afforded by the good-natured -fishermen, in return for which favor they would often bring them trifles necessary for their occupation from Pendene. Two years had elapsed since the first introduction of our heroes to the reader, when, oil a hot Saturday morning, they set out for their now timehonoured jaunt, and arrived at their destination a little later than usuaL They were a little heated, but quickly divested themselves of their clothing lest the sun might prove too hot. Disporting, about and "between the rocks for. a while as mantl, they swam out in company, when suddenly Harry gave a cry, threw up his hands, and went under. Pierce instantly hastened to rescue him, and diving, brought him to the surface. He speedily found that his companion was insensible, and as the sea was rough, he called for help. Fortunately, they were seen from the shore, and a boat with two men hurried to their rescue. Not a minute too soon either, for Pierce was not only ..exhausted with his burden, but called out as the fishermen drew near, Tm bitten—help mei' The feci was, sotoeMbnster . ? .. stacked tltem tMh, artdthe lads were drawn on board insensible. They were soon carried to tlie shore, where a cart, which W coir e out Jfrdm Pendene, happened to'be, and was abi-at to return. -Some fresh straw,. oilskins, and bther ^uitable material was laid at the bottom, and Pierce and Hany, who in the meantime had been undergoing the necessary treatment at the hands of the rough but kindly fishermen, were placed thereon. They regained consciousness almost simultaneously, but were faint from loss of blood. It was evident that the fish or reptile had first seized Harry by the leg and tried to drag him down, and would have succeeded had not Pierce been near enough to lay hold of him. The monster had then turned on the deliverer and torn a piece of flesh from his thigh. It is easy to imagine what the ultimate result would have been Jiad not the boat appeared, which no doubt scared the monster from his prey. A mournful scene it was when after the arrival of the sufferers, each of whom , were laid by loving hands on their own beds, the members of the three families were alternately visiting the bedsides of their dear ones. The fleetest horse Pendene could furnish was far on its way to Dr. Peters, the medicine man of the district, and his advent anxiously awaited. General sympathy with the victims was mixed with gratitude for lives spared, and mingled with the hope that the injuries would not be serious. At length the arrival of Dr. Peters soon put doubts to rest. He declared that Harry's wound was comparatively a slight one, and in a week or two he would be as well as ever. The case of Pierce was a little more serious, inasmuch as it might affect the hip bone. However, he thought time and careful nursing would end in Pierce recovering his usual health and strength. In a few days, as the doctor had prognosticated, Hany was so well as to be able to get over to Broad Farm to sit by the bedside of the chum who had saved his life at the risk of his own, but who would not hear of thanks. ' You'd do as much for me, Harry, any day, I know, if it was needed! Say you owe it me if you like old man, and it'll be one of those debts we hope will never be paid, eh ? 'Be sure, dear Pierce, if ever it should be needed, I would risk my life for you, and any sacrifice less than that would be only a trifle.' ' Would it, Harry ? We shall see.' How often do we promise in all sincerity to make sacrifices when if we only knew the nature of the service required beforehand our tongues would hesitate or be silent. For nine long weary months did Pierce Frayling pass—chiefly upon his couch—before Dr. Peters pronounced him convalescent. An intermittent fever had retarded his recovery. During all that time never a day passed but an hour or two of it was spent by Hagar Blaydon at his bedside. His choice flowers, fresh cut every morning, were placed in the glass holder and stood on his little table by the dainty fingers of Hagar, while her trim graceful figure seemed to him like an angel of light as it flitted to and fro, bent upon some little arrangement which would give him pleasure. No wonder that the poor fellow at the impressionable age of nineteen with his impulsive sanguine nature fell desperately—over head and ears—in love with hi* lifelong playfellow and schoolmate. Just before Pierce was a'uie to move afipu^'.toyre came frinn died, and had left by her will a legacy of five hundred pounds to her nephew, Pierce Frayling, " for his whole, sole, and immediate use, without any condition or . reduction whatsoever." ThiB helped on Pierce's physical improvement immensely, and he pictured to himself a future of travel and success according with his born inclination. As if in aid of his desires, Dr- Peters advised, after his serious illness, a thorough change—even of dimateif possible—which broke down any opposition affection naturally created on the part of his parents to such • separation as it involved. It was ultimately settled that so soon as time and circumstance would allow, Pierce should he gratified. Not long before the period we are dealing with, the gold fever had broken out in the colony of Victoria, Australia, and all sorts of wild stories, all the more attractive on account of the undoubted foundation of facts, were freely promulgated. Pierce Frayling read all this, and speedily made up his mind to try his fortune there. Apt to act on the spur of the moment, he felt that one important matter must be settled ere the change take place.- One evening he purposely waylaid Hagar crossing from her own home to his, and familiarly taking her by the arm, turned her footsteps in another direction, and after a few paces, turned her about, and, looking her straight in the face, said: * Hagar, I know you love me, but do you love me well enough to be my wife V Hagar stood for a moment as if petrified, the suddenness of the question so astonished her. Pierce then continued: < I have frightened you, dear, but you know I am soon going away, and I can't go without knowing this. Say yes, or no V and then he took her right 9 hand in his, and gentij- removing her brown hair from her temple with his left, awaited her answer. With a look of truth and innocence she then quietly replied : 'Pierce, dear, I cannot remember when I did not love you, and if the feeling that I could not live without you means that I love you well enough to be your wife, then I can say ' Yes' with all my heart.' The answer was sufficient, and Pierce walked in air. All the time of Pierce's illness his friend, Harry, had haunted his pillow, had anticipated his wants, and longed for something yet more to do to prove his love and gratitude. He also saw, with a pang of jealousy, Hagar's attention to Pierce, and almost wished he were the invalid. When,", afterwards, Pierce in a burst of old confidence told him all his intentions, his sanguine hopes, his speculations as to his future, and, last of all, his successive love, he could bear no more. He hurried away to seek a spot where he could give vent to his feelings. ' Why,' he asked himself ' why had he not himself spoken sooner, for he knew Hagar also loved him, and the answer ' yes' might also have been his. Now, it was too late, and life for the future would be a burden. His mouth must be for ever shut. Never would he, must he, part with his secret. Never would he dim the joy of his friend's career. Did he not" owe his life to him? Had he not vowed to serve him whatever the sacrifice t Truly was he soon called upon to verify the significance of bis name, Areli \ he had to qualify for the title by yielding upthedestre Mid hearty and none" were to know it—-to remain a hero unknown as such even to the end. CHAPTER HI. Early marriages are not, or. at least, were not, encouraged in Devonshire. Mr. and Mrs. Frayling for a long time opposed the idea of Pierce entering into such a solemn engagement and responsibilities at such an early age. As week after week went by, however, and the person chiefly concerned declared that he had made up his mind to float his little, capital in the promising, if not promised, land of Australia; that; he had promised to many Hagar Blaydon, and she had promised to be his wife; that he could not think of commencing a new life in a distant land without her, and yet that his perfect restoration to health required the change, they at last reluctantly consented. The greatest opposition arose from Philip Blaydon, who could not think of parting with his chief comfort, help, and solace in life, his dear Hagar. The difficulty was a serious one until at last Blaydon himself solved it by resolving to sell his farm and stock and cast in his lot with the young people. His younger daughter, Dotty, would be able to Ic ok after him, and as to Pierce's parents, they had another son, Leonard, who was now getting old enough to take his brother's place, while Silas Pratt and his wife would still retain their son, Harry, or Areli, as their mainstay. All this time the last-named youth was suffering the pangs of disappointed love, and anticipating the separation from all and everything beside hiB parents that he held dear in the world. He went about, melancholy of mood and manner, and sick at heart, while all around seemed too busy even to notice his condition. But time waits for no man, be he gentle or simple, merry or melancholy, and soon the day arrived when a party, consisting of Mr., Mrs., and Leonard Frayling, Mr. and Mrs. Pratt and Harry were on board the " Bonny Yarra " at Plymouth to pay a lingering farewell to their lifelong friends, good Silas Pratt and his daughters, the elder of whom, a youthful bride of seven days, stood afterwards on the poop ladder with her right arm passed through the left of her husband, and her two hands clasped in each other, until the ship stood well out to sea, and ultimately became invisible. For fully five years after the great event recorded above, matters moved on much as usual in the quiet Devonshire valley. Very few strange either in features or fashion found their way to interrupt the even current of the lives of the residents of the village of Pendene. Harry Pratt's grief for his lost love did not kill him, but it increased his reserve, while the removal of Pierce took away the prop upon which he had leaned—perhaps too much—and taught him to look within himself for resolution and decision. Many letters had been received from Pierce detailing the movements of his party in the new land, and many a summer's evening in the porch of one or other of the farms, or in winter by the capacious ard cheerful chimney corner, did the Fraylings and the Pratts, with their two sons, pay grave attention to the interesting items recorded by Pierce's facile pen, somewhat to the following effect:— First, their impressions, and incidents connected with their voyage, and their safe arrival at Melbourne. Then, their journey up country through the bush—so unlike the green woods of Devon—and their stay and final settlement on some land near the borders of New South Wales. Next came a description of Blaydon and Frayling's selection near Bogles Gap j the clearing operations—the difficulty of getting assistance owing to the attack of gold fever from which the colony of Victoria was then suffering, finishing for a time with the assurance that they were all well and happy, had a hundred or two acres under cultivation ; also two or three extensive paddocks with plenty of grass, with sheep to eat it, and taking it for all in all they were perfectly contented with their lot. Some months then intervened, and a letter in a black-bordered envelope arrived to announce the death of Hagar's father. He died rath-jr suddenly, and left all his possessions to Pierce. Again a long period elapsed, and then came a very long letter telling of disastrous times having befallen them —continuous droughts, sheep disease, a bush-fire, destroying standing corn, and a cloud of minor troubles, known only to, but known well by many who, like Pierce Frayling, have left all else to commence a new life with tolerably good prospects. And now we find Harry with a doleful ditty from Pierce to his father, reading to the usual audience the alarming statement that he, Pierce, had been obliged to borrow money largely of the banks, and was almost hopelessly involved; indeed, unless the then present season should prove a wonderfully good one, a preclosure would ensue, and they would have to leave Bogies Gap homeless and ruined. Now awoke the slumbering reserve power hitherto hidden in Harry's breast. He pictured to himself the condition of his dearest friends as worse even, than it really was. Fierce^ his boyhood's faithful companion, who had saved Lis life; Hagar, whose image was still his ideal of womanly perfection; the youthful and lively Dotty, whom he had often nursed on his knee, to say nothing of the splendid boy who had been added to the little colonial family two or three years before; these to suffer undeservedly in such a shape. The heroic spirit again awoke within him. Something must and should be done, and that speedily. Two years previously to this, Mr. and Mrs. Prattj feeling they were getting into years, and knowing that their son had no incline i I f ^ e r of t h e i / S T ^ f c r tbey had been laying ^ ever ance he W bS ** * portion ^ with i 1 considerable sum. jr®*- being set upon i w a & j L j J * - his dilemma, he ^ fond parents to gr, n f v ^ ^ e d a n d heralding i S ^ t " c o g g i n g epistle, t c ! ^ a n 1 tonity of starting for* e a r l J o p j A b o u t three m o J t ^ 1 " - ^ Pratt had d i ^ S f , * * * Kerce, the s m ^ * * * * . some low hi]]:s beh termination of j selection, the small, hut n . a t ' I ? ^ R homestead. ^ o f c o l o m a l f a ™ ^ ; ^ ^ ! must have been n b C T ' S ^ j the open door to d W P ^ the former, ™ • U U J J J j - , b o y of four Pi e r™, vTj \ i n t L tall, b J d l ^ ^ S w o o * n a n , while sw«t scarcely altered in form T f L But, for all that, care was ' A l l depends on to-mono*' J Pierce, ' whether w e go o T L darling, but it w m seem hanl to'lod aU after such a struggle as we Q had- I have to meet Mr. Strutt aril B a n k in Hanglong at t w e , ^ will p a y me for the few & t s h ,' w h a t we shoula do. I n t h e t L f e H a g a r dear, pray that thislwtp^ calamity of all may be spared i.' T w e n t y miles had Pierce to ride 1 next day to transact his busii which might occupy an hour OT during which time his horse feed. H a g a r would not expect home before dark, when he hoped be able to .see a way out of the difficulties. Punctually at twelve Mr. Stratti Pierce at the Hank and handed I over a ounHle of notes, taking receipt in return. Pierce, counting the 1 ..-ink-not.-, dropped on which was returned to hira by swarthy, c.<arse-l<K»kiri<; nian,inadr billycock hat, evHfntlv a rouseabo on a station. Pierre thanked him, b| could not help observing his low fo b i d d i n g - l u . b r o w . Mr. iStnitt, who was a large sheej owner of thf -ii-TnVt, felt an intend in Pierce an<i his fortunes, and sul gested a sciietno which, in the event | his hoving to forfeit his selection would still aflbifl a chance of sncc in life, and Pierce set out in hS journey homeward, his notes in ht breast-pocket, with a lighter heart thai he had felt Tor some time. 1 Daylight \- already r.n the decline a n d Pierce within about two mil? of liis own home, passing a gloom! piece of road wjrh thick bush on onl side and a deep trully, from whrch thl place took its siarne, on the other, when a horseman su-Menly seemed tosprinfl up from the gully and seized the rei« of Pierce's h<>i>f, at the same tim| presenting a r'Vohvr and shouting a peremptory tone, "Handi upj Quick Before Pietvp had time to reply comply, a dark figure rail fmu fi bush on the <>ri,.-r <ide, and preseutirij a revolver a' ri 1 - - ii.irk of the first niM fired. Tli- imii-r evidently <• effect, for the wouid•!*> robber J headlong f:om his <.t''ed, the pis , flying from his hand on to the road. Pierce li.--t. ned to dismount "" thank his fi-iiverer. The light hardly sum.v ^t now to distingmi features, hut •iuite good enough d r a w out simultaneously from the 1J of the two men the exclamation' " P i e r c e ! Harry V Wonderful as ifc may seem, «t indeed the hand of Pierce's old dear chum that had thus so opportune wiped out tip 'K'bt so long j w e l l a s gratifving the Hebrew signd cation of his n nne " Areli,' heroic : T h e robber was recognised by m as the man who had restored the fa l< note in the Bank. He ™ through the uider and could • stir, but not mortally wounded T h e police ••'.ere soon on the and HsSrcnisH * the noted bushranger, J ^ ^ 3 the perpetrator of more than murder, and f-r whose capture s u m of one thousand pound, re was offered, and in due course ^ "j b y Harry. What a joyful home. Hasarjandwhatasu^orHa when, after ^ ^ ' f g j j i anott sister, he felt that after * 1 H a g a r had been waiting « r the wilderness. . l, LIttie more r e m a ^ 0 ^ Pierce was r^cued m time. ^ insisted on life n-t? there you migM . T ?houi but if vou hadn tbeon tlure 3 have had no one to f J he added, ' - e friends, and soon, unless W i n j w e shall be brothers- Dotty didn't object, ^ ^ seiection, the f c k ' ^th tt S ^ r e m f n H a n ^ - m e as . pa addition of . satisfaction < owner, he having to tlie sa n alTpaid "Full Compeusat-n. 