COUNTRY FIRES. COROWA, Saturday. A aeren .roomed weatherboard house situated at Mulwala, owned und occupied by Mr. John Dunn, was yesterday morning totally destroyed by Ure. Particulars to hand show that Mrs. Duna, her five children, and Miss M'Millan retired at IO o'clock on Thursday, when everything was apparently all right. About 2 a.m. Mu. Dunn was awakened by a crack- ling noise of fire. She found the b/-uee to be almost a mau of flames.; Under great difficulties she got the children from the burning building. Miss M'Millan had to make lier escupe by a window, her room being surrouuded by Otc. Her face was slighlly burned, and her bair was singed. Notbiug whatever waa saved, the occupants having to leave the house in their iiigntclotheti.. The property was insured in tba Mercantile Mutual Company'or £520, but this will uot neatly cover Mr. Dunn's lost, which is puk down at £900. Mr. Dunn is absent in Melbojrne. NYMAGEE, Saturday. A bushfire started some days bick on Honeybugle station, and now ' extends over miles of country through Trowel Creek and P.nj«. station. Groat tracta of grass are destroyed. It is considerad many sheep will perish in the track of the tire, -vhich is travelling with great rapidity on tho West Bogati country scrubbed hythe Uovernaa.nt, being portion of Trowel Cieek »tatiou. Tbo fallen pine und long dry grass offered suitable material for the firs. NARRABRI, Saturday. ' At 1.30o.ro. to-dapy a fire broke out in tlieoldUiey houtid Hotel kitchen, l'he hotel, which was the first building erected here, has been 50 years in existence. Constable Hickey directed the salvage operations. It is proposed ti publicly recognise his work. The buildings gutted were the old hotel, King' and Purcell'« blacksmiths shop, billmtd-room, stables and abed. The new hotel premises were eaved. The buildings, which were owned by Mr. G. M'Naruara, were insured ia the Liverpool, London and Globe Company. ' l'he old hotel was insured for £150, and the stock for £100. JERILDERIE, Saturday. The yield of wheat west from here ou Coree and Hartwood runs average tour to five bags to the acre. Reports of hush fires have been reoiived from Hart- wood. Yesterday there were indications of beary bush fires raging south tram hare. WEST WYALONG, Saturday. Mr. T. Phelan, Uugatie, had «everal thousand acte, of grass burot. The homestead aar> 300 aerea wheat crop were saved with much difficulty. Forty men wera fighting the fire for four days. A large tract of grass ' waa burnt on Nicholson'. Back Creek »lation. The homestead narrowly escaped being burnt. A fire occurred on Wednesday at Oakhurst «tatiou. The building was destroyed. The damage ii esti- mated at £200. _ 