GENERAL NEWS. Deaths from Dry Feed.—A mysterious decease in cattle has recently made its appearance in the neighbourhood of Mount Pleasant. Mr. H. A. Giles on Thursday of last week received information that one of his cows was dead and two more were suffer ing severely, and by Friday night seven were dead and two more ill." Residents in the district were unable to account for the cause of the deaths, and the Chief Inspector of Stock was consulted. On Saturday morn ing he arrived, and when the two suffering animals were killed in his presence he pro nounced the case to he one of iiidigc.tinn, caused by too much dry feed, lie recom mended feeding on bran and chaff raised with molasses ami boiled linseed. No fresh cases have since been reported. Mount Barker's New Postmaster.— Mr. W. C. T. Marrie, who some months ago was appointed to succeed Mr. W. Rossi as postmaster at Mount Barker, arrived to take up his new duties on Wednesday, on which day Mr. T. Baker, who has been in charge since Mr. Rossi's removal, left for Adelaide. On Thursday evening of last week Mr. Marrie was entertained at a farewell social at Laura, the speakers at which spoke in the highest terms of their guest's courtesy as an official and his great worth as a townsman.) Railway Matters at Milang.—On Tuesday Messrs. C. M. R. Dumas and L. von Doossa, members for Mount Barker, presented the Railways Commissioner with a petition from 3G landholders in the Milang district, asking that the goods platform at the lake side station should be considerably extended, that the roadway should be levelled in front' of it, and that a shed should be erected for the protection of perishable produce. A promise was given that an officer would be sent to report on the various matters men tioned. January Weather. — Mount Barker's rainfall for January was 1.19in., which fell on 11 days, being half an inch less than that registered on eight days during the first month of 1899. The year opened with a scorcher, the glass showing 103deg. on the let insi., and the same altitude was attained on Sunday, 28th, the day of the bushfire, while on Tuesday, the 2nd, and Saturday, the 27th. the century was re corded. The lowest reading during the month was on the night of Tuesday, the 9th, when the mercury stood at 40deg. The Late Mrs. James Johnston.—The funeral of the late Mrs. James Johnston, of Oakbank, who died on Thursday of last week at the age of 68, took place on Saturday morning at the Inverbrackie Cemetery, the Rev. B. C. Matthews con- ducting the service. A lengthy procession of 60 well-filled vehicles proceeded to the grave, where there must have about 300 assembled, the city as well as all the surrounding districts being represented. Mrs. Johnston, who has been identified with the district nearly all her life, was greatly respected, and floral tributes were numerous. The bearers were selected from the employees of the brewery, of which the late husband of the deceased was one of the founders. The chief mourners were Messrs. J. D. Johnston, A. D. Johnston, and Ernest Johnston, of Oakbank, and Alex. C. Johnston, of Maclaren Vale (sons), Messrs, W. G. Johnston, of Oakbank, John Johnston, Robert Johnston, and Andrew Johnston, of Glen Osmond (nephews), and Messrs. E. C. Clucas and John Gow, of Adelaide (sons-in-law). MR. KINGSTON AND THE SOUTHERN District.—Mr. Kingston left for England on Thursday to represent South Australia on the Federal delegation, and in the city papers on the previous day he announoed his in tention of offering himself as a candidate for the Southern District of the Legislative Council at the election which will probably take place in May. He has already signed the papers necessary for the resignation of his seat for West Adelaide and for his nomi nation for the Conncil. He anticipates that he will return to the colony early in May and will then " resume the congenial task of fighting for freedom on the lines of that great charter of popnlar freedom which will then have become the constitution of Federated Australia." Unless the elections take place much later than is generally expected it is difficult to see how the ex-Premier can get hack in time to make a thorough canvass of the extensive Southern district, but even this may not debar him from offering his services to the electors, as be may be hold enough to stand while absent from the colony. Mr. Kingston resigned his seat for West Adelaide yesterday. Sunday's Fire at Woodchester.—For the second Sunday we have had to turn out and fight a fire (writes a Woodchester corres- pondent). Early in the morning a tree that had been burning for a week fell and started a fire, which was soon raging through Mr. Stirling's run. It made a clean sweep, taking" Mr. Rosse's and part of Mr. Dunn's. At times the fire was very fierce, the flames moauting quite 20ft. high. Messrs. Dunn's, Brook's, and Paech's homesteads had a narrow escape, as did-also the township. Fully 100 helpers came out from ■ Strath albyn and did good service, white over 200 people were assisting in one place and another, Mr. Stirling's place at the Valley was.swept clean of grass, and he sustained considerable loss in stockyards and fencing. When the sum total of losses is reckoned np the amonnt will not fall short of £1000. The people of Woodchester and the district round cannot speak too highly of the grand help given them in their trouble by the people of Strathalbyn and the surrounding townships. Sad Burning Fatality.—Residents of Mount Barker were shocked on Saturday to learn that Hilda, the seven-and-a- half-year old daughter of Mr. F. E. Hayman, Assistant Resident Engineer, had been the victim of a burning accident during the afternoon. The little girl went to put a piece of wood on a firein the yard that was being used for jam- making, and her dress ignited. When her father, attracted by the screams, came to the rescue the unfortunate child was enveloped in flames, and when she was rolled on the ground and the grass caught alight the blaze became fiercer. There was a tub of water close by, however, and with this Mr. Hayman succeeded in extinguishing the burning clothes of the little sufferer, who was frightfully injured about the face, limbs, and body. Dr. Blaxland was soon in attendance, but it was seen from the first thut there was little hope of the girl's recovery, and on Sunday morning, after talking cheerfully with her parents, she passed away. Mr. Hayman's hands were very badly burned, and it will be some con- siderable time before he recovers the use of the left one. Mr. A. Sexton, J.P., to whom the matter was reported, considered an inquest unnecessary, and the funeral took place at the Mount Barker Cemetery on Monday morning. Profound sympathy for Mr. and Mrs. Hayman is expressed through- out the district. Harvest Thanksgiving Services.— Very successful harvest thanksgiving services were held in the Mount Barker Baptist Church on Sunday last, when the Bev. A. Metters preached morning and evening to large congregations. At the former service Mr. Metters, in praise to God for the deliver ance of the town from fire on the previous Snnday, discoursed from Colossians III., 15 " lie ye thankful"—the preacher remarking that it was just as easy for people to he really thankful to God for all their circumstances ifi life as to be grumbling at everything and £rmtwdy, for the spirit of thankfulnes was easily cultivated and its rewards were mani ifOld. Christians should not consider their j)yio convenience, bat "should attend to their fluty of being ever-ready to lie used by their Tionl to help those in trouble. In the even ing a song service was held, Mr. Metters speaking on " The Witness of Nature to God," taking f-Or. his text Acts xiv., 17. The choir, with Miss Barker at the organ, rendered anthems in a pleasing manner. At both services the preacher referred to the bashfire fund which had been started in aid of the people affected, expressing the hope that all wot! 1:1 contribute at least a few pence for the purpose in view. The large and varied collection of. fruit, vegetables, dairy produce, Arc., given by friends and so pleasingly arranged by the ladies came in for a good deal of favorable comment, and on being submitted for purchase on Monday evening everything found a ready sale, and the £2 14s. 2d. realized will go towards the bushfire fund. Another Pioneer Gone.—The death last week at the age of 74 of Mr. Thomas Martin, of Willunga, removes another of the few remaining South Australian pioneers. The deceased gentleman was born at Stithians, Cornwall, and at an early age earned distinction as one of the foremost tin dressers in the country. Not being satisfied with the opportunities afforded in his native land for young men, and hearing of the dis- covery of theBurra Burra mines, he decided to set out for Australia, having for his com- panion the late Hon. James Martin. They arrived at Port Adelaide in 1847 by the ship La Belle Alliance. Upon hear- ing of slate being found at Willunga Mr. Martin went there and soon found scope for his great energy and natural ability, which led to his opening the Willunga slate quarries, which he conducted till his death, at one time doing an extensive business with the whole of the colonies. He was univer- sally respected, and took an active interest in every political movement, as well as engaging in local public matters. For several years he was chairman of the district council and took an active part in the local Agricul- tural Society. His advice was often sought and cheerfully rendered, and many will miss him on that account. He remained at Will- linga the whole of the time; except a short visit to the Victorian goldfields, where he achieved a good measure of success. In 1878 he left on a visit to Europe and attended the Paris Exhibition in 1879. He was married twice, the first time to Elizabeth Jane Pol- kinghorne, daughter of Mr. Thomas Polking- horne (who was also one of the pioneers of the slate industry), and the second time to the widow of Inspector Hall, who survives him. By his second wife he had no issue, but by his first he leaves three sons and one daughter. Scholastic Changes.—The Education Gazette has the following notifications:— Appointments :—Head teachers—Theodor S. Bosch, Uraidla; William H. Eckersley (of Milang), Freeling ; Alfred J. Heats, Harro- gate ; Fred. W. Liebing (son of Mr. F. T. Liebing, of Mount Barker), Tero.vie ; Emile S. Masson, Woodside; John H. Snell (of Woodside), Angaston ; William R. Softley, Milang; William Steadman, Clarendon. Assistants—Constance J. Birt, Goolwa; Emily M. Lenihan, Mount Barker; Henri etta E. G. McConnochie, Craters ,* Margaret \I. Mclnnes (of Mount Barker), Flinders street, Adelaide. Acting assistants—Janet I. Davidson, Mannum.; Martha H. JL Pfiaum, Hahndorf; Jessie Richardson, Mount Pleasant; Jessie J. M Taylor, Wil Innga; Margaret C. Walker. Woodside; Mildred L. Walker, Murray Bridge. Monitors I —Edith A, Johncock, Balhannah ; Ella G. Schuetze, Mannum. Resignations—Monitors —Clarine F. Phillips, Uraidla: Mabel E. Phillips, Uraidla; Lucia P. Weidenhofer, Lobethal. Mount Torrens Cyanide Works.— Mr. A. H. Clarke, the manager ot the Mount Torrens Cyanide Works, has reported as - follows to the Minister of Mines on the result of treatment of parcels of ore by ' cyanide: —" Parcel 298, Mount Torrehs jnine —107 tons have now been completed. Tbe'i return by cyanide was Hot. 5dwt, 8gr. of gold. Adding this to the 30oz. 12i1ivt. of battery gold previously reported gives the total extraction from the parcel lis. 4fbz. 17dwt. 8gr., valued at *173 2s. lOd. This iq' equal to an extraction of 8dwti 7gr. per ton, ' Total extraction is 91 per cent. Parcel 299, Pioneer gold mine, Wilgena—2 tonslSdwt., which was crashed last month for a return of loz. 4dwt. 4gr. hy battery, has now re turned 19dwt. Sgr. by cyanide. Thus the total yield of gold was 2oz. 3dwt. 12gr., valued at £8 9s. 8d. Average extraction, lodwt. per ton ; total extraction, 88'8 per cent. Parcel 300, Gowland's Enterprise^ tons, which was also reported last month as returning 3oz. lldwt. 14gr. by battery, has now yielded loz. 6dwt. 13gr. by cyanide. The total gold won from the parcel therefore was 4oz. 18dwfc. 3gr. of gold, valued at £18 6s. Ed. This is an extraction of ISdwt 2gr. per ton ; total, 90-09 per. cent. Parcel 303, Blumberg mine (10 tons)—This lot included a very rich pocket of ore and returned - the splendid result by battery , of 74oz. ldwt. 13gr., valued at £281 9s. 10d. This is an extraction of 7oz. 8dwt. 4gr. per ton. The tailings only assayed ldwt. 13gr. per . ton., which worto out a battery extraction of 98-8 per cent." Fitzgerald's Circus. — Messrs. Fitz- gerald Bros, ran a risk infringing their big show to Mount Barker on Friday night and thence going some hundreds of miles away for the nest evening's performance, bat so i greatly did local residents appreciate their enterprise that a hamper house was Becnred and a handsome profit on the visit .realized. Seating-room in the half-crown portion was at a premium a good while before - the. program opened, and the 4s. seats . were also well filled—most of the surronnding townships contributing towards the attend ance—so that the total receipts amounted to about £120. The circus has been so often described in the variooB papers of the colony that it is unnecessary to go ,:into details here, but it may be said without fear, of contradiction that every person in .the large audience agreed that it was -by long odds the best show of its kind ever seen.in the district. The animal acts were unique and sufficiently daring to satisfy the most sensation-loving individual present; the handsome horses and ponies showed the pos session of an amount of intelligence that ; was astonishing ; the elephant went through his remarkable performance withouta bitch ; and the tumblers, contortionists, equestrians, trapezists, and the clowns were all excellent in their own special lines. So well organized are the Messrs. Fitzgerald's transport arrangements that everything was on bhard the special train a few hours after the' con clusion of the program, and on Sattlrday night the circus played at Diinboola, -Vic toria, 200-odd miles away. .ifv_ Death of Mr. William Riddle. Residents of Echunga regretted to hear of the death on Sunday of Mr. William Riddle, who had been connected with the district for the past 49 years. The deceased, who was 75 years of age, came to South Australia from Scotland with his wife and two children about 1850, and on arrival at Port Adelaide he went direct to the Echunga district, the journey from the landing-place having to be accom- plished on foot. After living on the diggings for some time the deceased moved into the township of Echunga and carried on a wheelwright, carpentering, and undertaking business and later a butchering business, after which he was farming at Jupiter and Echunga Creeks and also near the Meadows. From the last named place he again went to Echunga, where he continued in agricultural pursuits until about four years ago, when old age and a weak constitution compelled him to retire. The survivors are a widow, three daughters—Mrs. J. Milligan, Bugle Ranges ; Mrs. J. Whitehead, Bald Hills ; and Mrs. T. Sisson, Mount Barker—and seven sons—Mr. W. Riddle, Mount Gambier ; Messrs. Robert and Connell Riddle, Echunga ; and Messrs. James, David, Heron, and Henry Riddle, Fowler's Bay—while there are about 30 grandchildren. The funeral at the Echunga Cemetery on Tuesday afternoon was largely attended, Mr. Miller, of Hahndorf officiating at the grave. A Unique Verdict.—The extraordinary verdict returned by a Murray Bridge jury the other day concerning the death of an aboriginal woman—" That Louise Smith died by the visitation of God in a natural way of peritonitis"—has called to the mind of, a correspondent in the South the following:— Many years ago, in the early sixties, in the neighborhood of Talia, in the Port Lincoln district (now known as the West Coast), a blackfellow was found dead at a well. In those good old days, before bubonic plague was invented, medical men were scarce, and as the circumstances connected with the death of the blackfellow were rather sus- picious an inquest was considered necessary. The then owner of Talia Station, a justice of the peace, was coroner, and after considerable difficulty the trooper stationed at Mount Wedge (a distance of 30 miles) managed to yard 12 fat jurymen—that number being required in those days, when jurymen did not receive pay for services rendered to their country. The inquiry did not take very long, as there was little evidence to take, and the jury retired to consider their verdict, at the same time refreshing themselves with a pannican of tea. A foreman was chosen, and this verdict was returned "That the de- ceased, Woombelta, is dead." The coroner sent them back to reconsider their verdict and pointed out that they must give their opinion as to the cause of death and requested that they should give their verdict in writing. In a few minutes they returned, and the foreman handed in a slip of dirty paper with this inscription : —" Dide kos he koodn't 'elp it." The nearest approach to the above is the verdict referred to in your last issue. But you do not inform your readers whether or not Tommy Walker was foreman of the jury. 