. THJEf SETTLER. ! . ITEMS OF INTEREST. The weather in Victoria, although very warm and dry, is not&o; far. unfavourable to the districts south i.f the dividing line, where crops are late and well fortified by the fains of the past winter, but matters are altogether in a different condition in the north. In South Australia the past week has not im' proved the previous position, and the wheat crop especially is aescriDea as going l»u». u»«j. In Riverina (N.S.W.) the reports of the wheat crop are very discouraging. From Deniliquin it is notified that dry and dusty weather has been experi enced during the past week and the crops have con sequently suffered. Along the railway line from Echuca a great deal of hay- cutting is going on, and for the crops now standing rain is badly needed and the wheat returns will be far v below expectations. Similar f epons are to hand from all the wheat growing country along the Murray to Albury, and heroes to the Murrumbidgee at Jerilderie Everywhere the grass is drying up, and unless special precautions are taken the year is likely to take a record position with regard to bush-fire disasters, owing to the exceptional character of the season with regard to the luxuriance ol the grass. In the northern areas, on both sides of the Murray also, the settlers are likely to be severely dealt with this year for want of water, both for stock and domestic supply. Shearing is now well advanced in the Wagga district, and wool continues to arrive daily at the local railway station. Up to the present about S800 bales' hare been despatched from Wagga, N.S.W; At ' a! recent meeting of the Tumut, (N.S.W.) Farmers and Settlers' Association it was resolved to ask r the Railways Commissioners to erect a grain Rhefd'at'Guhdagai. The majority of farmers in this district consider it would be unwise for the ; Com missioners to do so now that the line to Tumut has been sanctioned, as the shed at Gundagai would be useless to them. . ; Shewing operations are now in full swing throughout the Braidwqod district. The clip is turning out remarkably well. Several teams laden with wool from Queahbeyan passed through town laRt' week for Nelligen. Vlnnaiderahle interest was shown last week at Young, ? when applications received for . the land recently made available for homestead selection at Crowther were dealt with by the. Land Board, The applicants numbered 69 ; of these two were in formal, and two did not appear. The Land Board after careful inquiry and investigation refused only 13 applications, and sent the remainder to ballot for the different blocks, . The ballot was held at the courthouse, and the proceedings' were carried out without dispute. The successful applicants were :— Andrew Price and James Hawes for 539 aeteB-,2.*obd8-and 538 acres respectively. At a meeting held at Wyalong last week, to form a branch of the Farmers and Settlers' Co-operative Association, delegates were present from Cooti mundra, Hiawatha, Buddigower, Back Creek, and '' Kildary. Mr. J. Meagher was chairman. Mr. - J; v J; : Miller, of Cootamundra, ex plained the objects of the association, and it was . decided to form a branch. Mr. J, N. Crowley was appointed secretary. Motions were carried that the absence of railway transit for produce, was seriously hampering the agricultural industry and close settlement in this district ; that railway connection would bring farmers and settlers in touch with the markets, and would give settlement an impetus, as all available land would be eagerly sought. Shearing is now progressing favourably at most of the stations round the Walla district. Wool is coming in from all directions, the railway officials are keep busy unloading and loading from morning till night. The wool is in beautiful condition, and the sheep are cutting very heavy fleeces. The prices so far are not too promising, but a rise is expected before Christmas. As a result of the dry weather which prevailed during September and October the hay crops at present being harvested in the Armidale district are very light and unprofitable. One farmer reports having cut about one ton off between four and five acres, while other expect very poor returns. The wheat yield |w(ill:be far below the average. The return of the number of bales of wool received at the Dubbo-railway station for the week ending November lOtn show a decrease of one bale as compared with the corresponding period of last year,;,|the; figures being— 1899, 1464 bales; 1900, 1463 bales. , Mr. P. J. Kelly, Booroonaugga, Dubbo, has had a very satisfactory shearing, especially when all the adverse weather and other difficulties of the country are taken into consideration. A great amount of improvements are being carried out on the holding, Wfixcniii6wi6ok8 very clear, with a wavering growth of grass and plenty of water. Altogether 20,000 aVtaon umra oVinvn innliirtincr lnmlta ? f.Vio /tlin maa a heavy one, and the wool in excellent condition, the fleeces averaging 8f lba. ''The wool receipts at Newcastle for direct ship ment to London during the week ended amounted to 2922 bales, making a total of 35,812 bales re ceived since the opening of the season, as compared with 27,687 bales at the corresponding date of last year— showing an increase of 8134 bales. In ad dition to the foregoing, 4832 bales have passed through Newcastle by rail during the season, of which 3377 we consigned to Melbourne and 1456 to Sydney. The hot sultry weather of the past few weekB has hadt'thej effect of' prematurely ripening the crops about Corowa. Owing to the want of rain during the month of October the late-sown crops must be regarded as a partial failure ; but those that were put in early promise a fairly good yield, ranging from four to six bags per acre, Taking it all round, the results will not be nearly so good as was anticipated during September. The present season is the driest ever known in *. the Tumut district. Though there is plenty of grass^&if;^er^&proBp;^ctBiQf & good wheat har veBt^arf Ihltiterefd? After ft very favourable winter it was predicted that the district would have phenomenal wheat yields. However, no xain has fallen for the past eight weeks, and the outlook is very gloomy indeed. The early-planted crops are in fair condition, but the grain will be pinched. Where 30 bushels were cropped last year farmers will be lucky if they get 12. Late- sown crops will be almost ruined. The effect of the drought will be that the district's yield will show a falling off of 75,000 bushels, less area having been put under wheat, the farmers planting maize instead. Mr. Lance Smith's Boree and Cabonne stations, Cheeseman's Creek, finished shearing, obtaining within a fraction of 111b of wool each from 18,533 OUCCUi Fout Lincoln rams on Mr. J. Wallace's run at Charleville during the present shearing averaged 321b of wool each, and four ewes averaged 22^lb, Four of the sheep were two-tooth. Splendid rain, has fallen at Dunoon lately, but not before it was badly needed, as things were be ginning to look serious. The farmers are now busily engaged 'turning the sod.' The present season's clip in the Yass district ex ceeds all expectations both in weight and quality. At the majority of stations around the sheep have cut between eight and nine pounds of wool, per sheep, the quality being excellent. Those who have already sold their clips from this district have top ped the market. Mr. F. W. Poate, acting-chairman of the Moree Land Board, announced at the last sitting of the Board in Walgett that in future the Board would adopt the course initiated by theBingara Board. In dealing with conflicting applications under the, last £ mending Land Act, the Board would determine which had equal claims to priority, being guided by the resolutions of the conference of Land Board chairmen held in Sydney in July. Applications held to have equal claims would be sent to the ballot. The applications of the successful balloters would be immediately afterwards inquired into, the applicants being required to satisfy the Board as to their qualifications and bona-jUdes. rBy this method he anticipated that 500 conflicting applications could be dealt with daily. . ' ' 