) FULL COMPENSATION. I A TALE OF TWO HEMISPHERES. I| BY CAPTAIN BAST GRAY. CHAPTER I. Q££££)T is littlo wonder that hundreds of persons, one-timo sufferers feoloo from a variety of thoso ail ments which flesh is heir to, who have l)«ti remitted for a whilo to the health-restoring coasts of Devonshire, leave with a lifelong remembntnco of its invigorating yet well-tempered brwzos, us well as its inlaw! beauties of scenery, and the heartv hosuitulitv of its natives. In tho littlo villago of Pendene, which lios in a green valley sheltered by verdant hills, forming a sort of causeway to tho coast somo threo miles distant, stood three ancient, small, but' comfortable farmhouse* ; the inhabi tants of which could each boast of at least thrco generations before them occupying tho samo dwelling place. Tho three households had always been in moro than neighbourly communica tion with each other, and although no matrimonial alliance had as yet re sulted from such intimacy, their mutual relations were of tho kindest ?nd closest character. Tho occupant of Broad Farm, ono Eli Frayling, had married a woman of a class superior to his own, a native of Exeter, who introduced to tho home ?toad a somowhat refined air, to which it had hitherto been a stranger. Sho was also as careful as sho was able to put a homo polish on tho elemental teaching afforded by the villago school for the Ixmefit of her two boys, Pierce and I/vmard, of the respective ages of sixteen and twelve, who completed tho family of the FrayUng's at tho tiuio our story opens. On tho opposite sido of tho valley stood the Long Farm, inhabited by Silas Pratt, his cheerful and homely wife, and their only child, a son, about tho samo ago as Pierco Frayling, and bearing — though not rejoicingly — tho peculiar front name of Aroli, which needs an explanation to bo given presently. Tho last of tho thrco farms, needful I for our notice, was known as Middle! Farm, tho owner of which, Philip Blaydon, found it pleasant and con venient to have on either sido of him such lifelong, staunch friends as Eli Frayling and Silas Pratt, lie was a widower, with two daughters — Hagar and Doras — the former fifteen and tho latter ten years of ago. It is doubtful whether in anv other part of England the seeds of Methodism has taken greater root than in the counties of Devonshire and Cornwall, ono of the proofs being tho wholesalo appropriation of Scriptural — especially Old Testament names. This fancy seems to have descended from father to Hon, or perhaps moro properly speaking, from mother to daughter, as it seemed to he the matron's privilego to select tho Christian names for tho children. This did not ami does not always meet with the after approval of thoso who are so dubbed, many of the names selected being totally inappro priate to the character to whom they hail been given. Eli Frayling, for instance, thought, it a groat grievance that he should havo to perpetuate tho name of a fond but foolish old father who, though himself a good man, was punished for his inability to control two wickM sons. So ho determined in tho case of his own children to make a departure from tho rule, and with tho full consent of his town-bred wife his two l-oys wero christened Pierco and Leonard. Now, as to Areli Pratt, tho parents were of tho good old easy sort who thought tliat what had been good enough for their fathers should also l-o good enough for them. Thoy deter mined, therefore, when thoir l-oy was born that ho should not only carry through lifo a real Scriptural name, but that it should havo a special and desirable signification, so Silas was ; content to leave tho matter in tho j hands of his wife, who, for fully three weeks, complied literally with the in junction to 'search tho Scriptures' before she triumphantly emerged with 'Areli.' Silas, however, was not quito satis fied until Mary explained that after much patient research she had dis covered that the Hebrew meaning of Areli is 'heroic.' * What/ said she, * can we wish for better than that the dear boy should be a hero V Silas was silenced but not quito convinced, a h he had a alight misgiving with regard to tho convenience of the name for everyday use. Ho repeated it over and over again, 'A-re, A-ro/ until tho sound seemed familiar to him. ? That'll do, mother,' he said ; ' his full name will allers bo Script'ral, and a good old English namo is Harry.' So it was settled, but as tho boy grow in yeArs his mother lost no oppor tunity of reminding him of tho signification of his full namo with tho hope that he would strive to bo a hero through life. Philip Blaydon had almost felt as if an injustice had been done him when a second girl made her appearance on this earthly stage, while his neighbours right and left were biassed with sons to perpetuate their names and inherit their land. But when his partner in lifo was removed from tho earth, he had reason to be thankful that so far as household duties and firefiide com forts went, his little maid Hagar — then eleven years of age— had been so well instructed by her mother u to pre rent the necessity of calling in additional female help. With Phoebe ! (the dairymaid) and her little sister Doras (called Dotty), Hagar felt as capable as sho was proud to act as tho youthful mistress of Middle Farm, and her father soon fell happily in accord with her arrangements. Perhaps it would be as well to favor our readers with a closer introduction to Hagar Blaydon at this period of her existence. Wo tnav deserilx; her in general terms as a thorough specimen of a healthy, bright -eyed buxom Devonshire Ix-auty in the earliest dawn of blushing womanhood. In her manners free, but never forward. Her nut-brown hair lay full al-out her shoulders, and tlio part adorning her forehead was neatly parted in tho middle, and had a peculiar wavy crinkle of its own as it stretched away back over her ears, indescribably charming, and befitting her noble face, hazel eyes, sweet mouth, and dimpled chin. Add to these advantages a good temper, an affectionate dis position, a graceful figure, and a lively temperament, and you havo Hagar Blaydon photographed before you. No wonder that Hagar was tho . delight of her father's eyo and tho comfort of his heart ; 110 wonder that all tho lads of tho villago Btrovo to gain her favor, and mado their own sunshine out of her smiles. Tho women, too, wero equally smitten by her pleasing manner and pretty ways. Thero had always been a friendly rivalry between tho Fraylings and tho Pratts for tho honor of her company. Association with Mrs. Frayling had given to her conversation a superior tone and a certain refinement to her manner. She was passionately fond of music, and as Mrs. Frayling was tho possessor of a good piano, and perfectly knew how to display its powers, she was able to gratify Hagar's desire to learn, and it ended in her becoming as accomplished a performer as her kind instructress and friend. Fond as he was of outdoor sport and occupation, Pierce Frayling spent hours of an evening enchained to the side of tho instrument, his eves fixed on Hagar's sweet face, her voice thrilling through him, until she would l-ecomo suddenly aware of his wrapt attention, and as suddenly clo-o the piano, laughingly assuring him that if she continued playing he would l-ecome lost to the world altogether. Pierce's roiiMunt ehuin, associate, and schoolmate, Harry Pratt, was equally as anxious to l-e included iu such enjoyment, although ho did not. i jtos.te.sH the happy privilege of living j beneath the samo roof with a piano. | Ho was equally as absorbed when he : was favored to bo present, until begot to look upon tho faco of Hagar as the faco of an angel. It was becoming a dangerous enjoyment at a dangerous age for two such high-spirited, emotional lads as these to l-o brought into such frequent contact with the charms and thu gifts of such a village queen as Hagar Blaydon of Pendene. From their earliest infancy these three had known each other. When wee tots together, never was little Hagar seen coming home from the damo school iu the village without her attendant squires who t-x-k it in turns to lug her up in their arms aud carry her over all the rough places, up hill or down hill, till they finally deposited her at the house-door of Middle Farm. When all tho fund of educational information possessed by Damo Blako was exhausted, so far as tho loving littlo trio wero concerned, thoy were removed together to tho public school up tho valley, to enjoy all tho benefits which such promotion could confor. For somo years, through summer's sunshino or winter's gloom, the small party went up the valloy in company each morning, and down again each evening, Pierco carrying Hagar's books to school, and Harry conveying them home, often singing on the way ono or more of the simple ditties taught thom in tho school hours. But now tho time had arrived whon theso innocent pleasures of childish companionship were to an end. Hagar was called to tako completo and permanent control of hor father's house, and', consequently her opportu nities for association with her former playmates woro considerably limited. Pierco and Harry were both tall and well grown lads, although the former was the moro robust of the two. All a Saxon in appearance, with light curling short hair, bold blue eyes, and a determined cast of countenance, he formed somewhat of a contrast to Harry, whose complexion was rather sallow, and whoso features wore of a melancholy cast. Ho was of a slow and deliberato disposition too, while Pierce was quick, sanguine, and passionate. Nevertheless, as Jonathan was to David and David to Jonathan, so wero thoy to each othor. CHAPTER IL Life on a small country farm, with its daily humdrum round of duties, and affording so littlo change as could bo found in Pendene, could scarcely be unything elso but irksomo to two youths liko Pierce and Harry. Especi ally tho former, with his sanguine temperament, who had high notions of going out into the world and making a namo fo? himself. Theso ideas wore nurtured by tho fact of his having spent two or three of his school vacations in Exeter with an old aunt of hia mother's, with whom he was a great favorite. The bustle, life, and attractions of a great city suited his ambitions wonderfully, and opened up to him a future hitherto unthought of. On tho last of theso occasions ho had procured an invitation for his in separable chum, and tho result of that happy timo was not only to afford endless foundation for reflection botween themselves, but in tho esti mation of tho other lads of tho villago placed them on a pedestal as thoso who woro to bo imitated and respectod, as having soon tho world. Harry Pratt had always been tho weaker vessel of tho two. Tho affec tion of tho boys for each other was not only perfectly mutual, but perfectly equal, only the energy of Pierce always took tho lead, and Harry was content to follow on. Pierce thought their lives, if spent in such a placo as Pen dene, would bo wasted. Harry adopted the namo view. Pierce, who was a greedy dovourer of all arid sundry in literature, pictured tho beauties and advantages, tho wonders and glories of lands l-eynnd the seas, whero men grow rich and become famous at very little trouble to them selves. Harrj', with his chin between his hands, and his elbows on his knees, would look up into tho face of his friend earnestly, and liecomo an easy convert to belief in tlio supposition. Moro than once, too, he bethought him of his Hebrew appellation and his mother's frequent reminder, and would murmur gently to himself ' Areli, a hero ; to become one I must go out into the world.' Naturally, the out come of all this was not only to main tain his devotion to his friend, but to increase his respect for his opinion so much that he was ready to cast aside any pre-conceived ideas of his own unless thoy received the seal of Pierco Frayling's approval. And now happened an event which, serious enough in itself, was of moro importance still in shaping the course of events as regards the characters of our story. It had been the custom of tho two lads, dating from tho early schoolboy days, to start off every Saturday, weather allowing, and make for tho sea coast. A parcel of bread and cheeso or bacon sufficed for their rough appetites, ami tho day was spent, first in enjoying a refreshing bath, ami then in conversing with one or another of tho dozen fishermen, whose cottages wero scattered hero ami there up on the rocks. They early became expert swimmers, and now und then had the treat of a short boating expedition afforded by tho good-natured fishermen, in return for which favor they would often bring thera trifles necessary for their occupa tion from Pendene. Two years hud elapsed sinco tho first introduction of our hernus to the reader, when, on a hot Saturday morn ing, thoy set out for their now time honoured jaunt, and arrived at thoir destination a littlo later than usual. Thoy wero a littlo heated, but quickly divested themselves of their clothing lest tho sun might prove too hot. Disporting about aud between tho rocks for a whilo as usual, thoy swam out in company, when suddenly Harry gave a cry, threw up his hands, and went undor. Pierco instantly hastened to rescue him, and diving, brought him to the surface. Ho speedily found that his companion was insensible, and as tho sea was rough, ho called for help. Fortunately, they wero soon from the shore, and a boat with two men hurried to thoir rescue. Not a minute too soon cither, for Piorce was not only exhausted with his burden, but called out as the fishermen drew near, 'I'm bitten — help mo 1' The fact was, somo monster of the deep had attacked thom both, and the lads were drawn on board insensible. They were soon carricd to the shore, whero a cart, which had come out from Pendene, happened to be, and was about to return. Somo fresh straw, oilskins, and othor suitable material wai laid at tho bottom, and Pierce and Harry, who in tho meantime had been undergoing the nocossary treatment at the liands of tho rough but kindly fishermen, wero placed thereon. Thoy regained consciousness almost simultaneously, but woro faint from loss of blood. It was ovidont that tho fish or reptile had first seized Harry by tho leg and tried to drag him down, and would have succeeded had not Pierco been near onough to lay hold of him. The monster had then turned on tho deliverer and torn-a piece of flesh from his thigh. It is easy to imagine what Iho ultimato result would have been had not tho boat appeared, which no doubt scared the monster from his proy. A mournful scene it was whon after the arrival of tho sufferers, each of whom woro laid by loving hands on their own beds, tho members of tho threo families were alternately visiting tho bedsides of their dear ones. Tho fleetest horse Pendono could furnish was far on its way to Dr. Peters, tho medicine man of the district, and his advent anxiously awaited. General sympathy with tho victims was mixed with gratitude for lives spared, and mingled with the hope that the injuries would not bo serious. At length tho arrival of Dr. Peters soon put doubts to rent. Ho declared that Harrys wound was comparatively a slight one, and in a week or two he would bo as well as ever. The case of Pierce was a little moro serious, inasmuch as it might affect the hip bone. However, he thought time and careful nursing would end in Pierce recovering his usual health and strength. In a few days, as tho doctor had prognosticated, Harry was so well as to Ikj able to get ov«r *0 Broad Farm to sit by the iiedsidc of the chum who had saved his life at the risk of his own, but who would not hear of thanks. 1 You'd do as much for me, Harry, any day, I know, if it was needed. Say you owe it me if you liko old man, and it'll bo one of those debts wo hope will nover bo paid, eh I' ' Bo sure, dear Pierce, if ever it should bo needed, I would risk my lifo for you, and any sacrifice loss than that would i-o only a triflo.' 1 Would it, Harry ? We shall .see.' How often do wo promise in all sincerity to make sacrifices whon if wo only know tho nature of tho service required beforehand our tongues would hesitate or bo silent. For nino long weary months did Pierco Frayling pass — chiefly upon his couch — l-oforo Dr. Peters pronounced him convalescent* An intermittunt fever had retardod his recovery. Dur ing all that timo never a day passed but an hour or two of it was spent by Hagar Blaydon at his bedside. His choico flowers, fresh cut every morning, woro placed in tho glass holder and stood on his little table by tho dainty fingers of Hagar, while hor trim grace ful figure seemed to him like an angel of light as it flitted to and fro, bont upon some littlo arrangement which would give him pleasure. No wonder that tho poor fellow at tho impression able age of nineteen with his impulsive sanguine nature fell desperately — over head and ears— in love with hi* life long playfellow and schoolmate. Just before Pioroe vu able to movu , ii ? about, news camo from Lxetor that his great nuiit, whoso favorite lio was, had died, and had loft by her will a logacy of fivo hundred pounds to hor nephow, Pierco Frayling, ' for his whole, solo, and immediate uso, without any con dition or reduction whatsoever.' This holpod on Piorco's physical improve ment immensely, and he pictured to himself a future of travel and success according with his born inclination. As if in aid of his desires, Dr. Peters advised, after his serious illness, a thorough chango— even of olimate if possible — which broke down any op position affection naturally created on tho part of his parents to such a separation as it involved. It was ultimately sottled that so Boon as timo and circumstanco would allow, Piorce should be gratified. Not long boforo tho period wo are dealing with, tho gold fever had broken out in tho colony of Victoria, Australia, and all sorts of wild stories, all tho more attractive on account of tho un doubted foundation of facts, were frcoly promulgated. Piorco Frayling read all this, and speedily mado up his mind to try his fortunothoro. Apt to act on tho spur of tho moment, ho felt that ono important matter must be settled oro tho chango tako place. Ono evening ho purposely waylaid Hagar crossing from hor own homo to his, and familiarly taking her by the arm, turned her footsteps in another direc tion, and after a few paces, turned her alxmt, and, looking hor straight in the faro, said : ' Hagar, I know you lovo me, but do you lovo mo well enough to be my wife ?' Hagar stood for a moment as if petrified, the suddenness of tho ques tion so astonished her. Piorco then continued : 1 1 have frightened you, dear, but you know I am soon going away, and I ran't go without knowing this. Say yes, or no I' and thon ho took hor right hand in his, and genti;- removing her brown hair from her temple with his left, awaited her answer. ^ itli a look of truth and innocence sho then quietly repliod : ' Pierce, dear, I cannot romembor when I did not lovo you, and if tho feeling that I could not live without you means that I lovo you well enough to 1)0 your wifo, then I can say ' Yes 1 with all my heart.' Tho answer was sufficient, aud Piorce walked in air. All tho time of Pierco'a illness his friend, Harry, had haunted his pillow, had anticipated his wants, and longed for something yot moro to do to prove his lovo and gratitude. Ho also Baw, with a pang of jealousy, Hagar's at tention to Pierce, and almost wished ho wero tlio invalid. When, after wards, Pierce in a burst of old con fidence told him all his intentions, his sanguino hopes, his speculations as to his futuro, and, last of all, his succes sive love, he could bear no more. Ho hurried away to seek a spot whero ho could give vont to hia feelings. ?Why,' ho asked himnolf, 'irhy had he not himself spoken sooner, for he knew Hagar also loved him, and the answer ' yos ' might also hare been his. Now, it was too lato, and life for the future would bo a burden. His mouth must bo for over shut. Never would ho, must ho, part with his secret. Never would he dim the joy of his friend's career. Did ho not owo his life to him 1 Had he not vowed to serve hiin wliataver tho sacrifice t Truly was he soon called upon to verify the significance of his name, Areli ; ha 1 ^foARTRhFSOR had to qualify for the titlo by yielding up tho dosiro of his eyes and heart, and none wero to know it — to remain a hero unknown as such even to tho end. CHAPTER HI. Early marriages are not, or, at least, woro not, onoouragod in Devonshire. Mr. and Mrs. Frayling for a long time opposed tho idea of Pierce ontcring into such a solemn engagement ana re sponsibilities at such an oarly age. As week after woek wont by, however, and the person chiofly concerned de clared that ho had mado up his mind to float his littlo capital in tho promis ing, if not promised, land of Australia ; that he had promised to marry Hagar Blaydon, and she had promised to bo his wifo ; that lio could not think of commencing a now lifo in a distant land without hor, and yet that his perfect restoration to health required the chango, thoy at last reluctantly consented. Tho greatest opposition arose from Philip Blaydon, who could not think of parting with his chief comfort, holp, and solace in life, his dear Hagar. The difficulty was a Berious one until at last Blaydon him solf solved it by resolving to soli his farm and stock and cast in his lot with tho young pooplo. His youngor daugh ter, Dotty, would bo able to look after him, and as to Piorco's parents, thoy had another son, Leonard, who was now getting old onough to take his brother's place, whilo Silas Pratt and his wifo would still retain their son, Harry, or Areli, as their mainstay. All this timo tho last- named youth was suffering tho pangs of disappointed lovo, and anticipating tho separation from all and everything beside his parents that ho hold dear in tho world. Ho went about, melancholy of mood and manner, and sick at heart, while all around seemod too busy even to notice his condition. But time waits for no man, be he gentle or simple, merry or melancholy, and soon the day arrived when a party, consisting of Mr., Mrs., and Leonard Frayling, Mr. and Mrs. Pratt and Harry wero on board tho ' Bonny Yarra ' at Plymouth to pay a lingering farowoll to their lifelong friends, good Silas Pratt and his daughters, tho elder of whom, a youthful brido of seven days, stood afterwards on tho poop ladder with her right ann passed through the left of her husband, and her two hands clasped in each other, until tho ship stood well out to sea, and ultimately became invisible. For fully five years after the great ovent recorded alwvo, matters moved on much as usual in the quiet Devon shire valley. Very few strange either in features or fashion found their way to interrupt the even current, of tho lives of tho residents of tho villain of Pendene. Harry Pratt's grief for his lost love did not kill him, but it increased his reserve, while tlio removal of Pierco took away the prop upon which lie had leaned— perhaps too much— and taught him to look within himself for resolu tion and decision. Many letters had l-een received from Pierco detailing the movements of his party in tho new land, anil many a summer's evening in tho porch of one or other of tho farms, or in winter by the capacious and cheerful chimney cornor, did tho Fraylings and tho Pratt*, with their two sons, pay grave attention to .tlio interesting items re corded by Pierco's facilo pen, somewhat to the following effect First, their impressions, and inci dents connected with their voyage, and their safo arrival at Melbourne. Then, their journoy up country through the bush — so unliko tho green woods of nevon-— and their stay and final settlement on somo land near the bottlers of New South Wales. Next camo a description of Blaydon and Frayling's selection near Bogles Gap ; tho clearing operations— tho difficulty of gotting assistance owing to tho attack of gold fevor from which tho colony of Victoria was thon suffering, finishing for a timo with tho assurance that thoy were all well and happy, had a hundred or two acres under cultiva tion ; also two or threo extensive paddocks with plenty of grass, with sheep to eat it, and taking it for all in all thoy were perfeotly contented with their lot. Somo months then intervened, and a letter in a black-bordered envolope arrived to announco tho death of Hagar's father. He died rather sud denly, and left all his possessions to Pierce. Again a long period elapsed, and then camo a very long letter telling of disastrous times having befallen them — continuous droughts, shoep disease, a bush-fire, destroying standing corn, and a cloud of minor troubles, known only to, but known well by many who, liko Piorco Frayling, have left all else to commence a new lifo with tolerably good prospects. And now we find Harry with a doleful ditty from Pioroe to his father, reading to the usual audience tho alarming statement that ho, Pierco, had been obliged to borrow money largely of the banks, and was almost hope lessly involved; indeed, unless the then present season should prove a wonder fully good one, a preolosnre would ensue, and they would have to leave Bogles Gap homeless and ruined. Now awoke tho slumbering reserve power hither® hidden in Harry's breast. He pictured to himself the condition .of his dearest friends as worse even than it really was. Pierce, his boyhood's faithful companion, -who had saved his life; Hagar, whose image 'was still his ideal of womanly perfec tion; tho youthful and lively Dotty, .whom he had often nursed on his knee, to say nothing of the splendid boy who had been added to the little colonial family two or throe years before; these to i suffer undeservedly in suoh a shape. The heroic spirit again awoke within him. Something must and should be done, and that speedily. Two years previously to this, Mr. *-*«, feeling they were getting Into year*, and blowing that '??'-?-Trmniiillliniin w IGINM.DOCUMENTM! their son had no inclination for farm- ' ing, had resolved to sell. Just at this I juncture whon tho lotter from Pierce arrived conveying such alarming news, they had completed a transfer with most satisfactory terms, and found themsetoei with ample provision for the j remainder of their days. Moreover, | tbey had boon . laying aside for Harry J ever sinoo he was bom, and this J portion now, with interest, made a M considerable sum. His whole soul ll being set upon rescuing his friend from his dilemma, ho easily persuaded his f* fond parents to grant him tho means, 1 and horalding his coming with an en I couraging epistle, took an early oppor tunity of starting for Australia. About threo months after Harrv Pratt had dispatchod his lotter ti- Pierce, the sun was setting behind somo low hills which marked the J termination of Blaydon and Frayling'-. ' | selection, Bogles Gap, Victoria. Hound x the smoll, but neat and comfortable homestead, signs of lifo usual to u | colonial farm were apparent, but one must havo been ablo to peep through tho open door to discover Pierce Frayling and his wifo sitting in serious consultation sido by sido, whilo Hagar'* sister, Dotty, now a handsome copy of tho former, was tr—'ug to quiet the childish shouts -u_ antics of a noble boy of four. Pierce had dovoloped into a tall, broad-shoulderod, bronzed woodman, while sweet Hagar had scarcely altered in form or feature. But, for all that, coro was setting on each brow, and onxiety filled tlio heart*, of tho loving couplo as thoy talked of their futuro. 'All depends on to-morrow,' said Piorco, 'whother wo go or stay, my darling, but it will seem liard to lose all after such a struggle as wo have had. I havo to meet Mr. Struttat the Bank in Hanglong at twelve, when lie will pay mo for tho fow fat sheep left / mc, and givo mo his best opinion of V what we should do. In tho moantime, Hagar, dear, pray that this last greatest calamity of all may bo spared us.1 Twenty miles had Pierce to ride the noxt day to transact his businoss which might occupy an hour or two, during which timo his horse would feed. Hagar would not expect him homo before dark, when ho ho|-ed to bo able to see a way out of their difficulties. Punctually at twelvo Mr. Slruttmet Pierce at tlio Bank and handed him over a bundlo of notes, taking Ms receipt in return. Pierce, whilo counting the bank- notes, dropped one, which was returned to liim by a swarthy, coarse looking man, in a drab billycock hat, evidently a rousealiout on a station. I'ierco thanked him, but could not help observing his low for bidding-looking brow. Mr. .St rut t, who was a large sheep owner of the district, felt nil interest in Pierce and bis fortunes, and gested a scheme which, in the event of his hoving to forfeit his selection, would still afford a clianco of succesv in life, and Pierce set nut. on hi^ journey homeward, his notes in his breast- pocket, with a lighter heart tlinn lie had felt for some timo. Daylight was already on tho decline, and Pierco was within about twomiJe- of his own homo, passing a gloomy pieco of road with thick bush on one sido and a deep gully, from which tho placo took its name, on tho other, when a horseman suddenly seemed to spring up from the gully and seized tho rein of Pierce's horse, at tho samo time presenting a revolver and shouting in a peremptory tone, ' Hands up .' Quick!' Before Pierco had timo to reply or comply, a dark figure ran from' the bush on tho other side, ami presenting a revolver at thn luirk of the first man, fired. Tho bullet evidently t»K»k effect, for tbo wouM-Ik) robber fell headlong from his steed, tho pistol flying from ais hand on to tho road. Pierco hastened to dismount and thank his deliverer. Tho light was hardly sufficient now to distinguish features, but quito good enough to draw out simultaneously from tho lips of tho two men tho exclamations, 11 Piorco 1 Harry 1' Wonderful ns ifc may seem, it was indeed tho hand of Pierco's old and dear chum that had thus so opportunely wiped out tho dobt so long owing, as well as gratifying the Hebrew signifi cation of his name 11 Areli,' heroic 1 The robber was recognised by Pierce as the man who had restored the fallen note in the Bank. Ho was shot through tho shoulder and could not stir, but not mortally wounded. Tho police were soon on the spot, and recognised in Pierce's assailant tho noted bushranger, Jack Hill ton, tho perpetrator of moro than one murder, and for whoso capture tho sum of one thousand pounds' reward was offered, and in dno course received by Harry. What a joyful home-coming for Hagar; and what a surpriso for Harry when, after mistaking Dotty for her sister, he folt that after all another Hagar had been waiting for him in tho wilderness. Littlo more remains to be said. Pierco was rescued in timo, for Harry insisted on his sharing tho reward. 'It's true/ he said, 'if I had not been there you might have lost your life*, but if you hadn't been there I should have had no ono to shoot. Besides/ ho added, 1 wo have always l-een friends, and soon, unless Dotty objects, we shall be brothers.' Dotty didn't object, and so tho selection, the stock, and tho home stead remained as before, with tho addition of Harry's name as part owner, he having to tho satisfaction of *U paid 'Full Compensation.' 