Disastrous Biislf 'Firos. ALBURY, Wednesday. So far as can be ascertained there are really no well authenticated cases of any farmers having their home steads burnt within the devastated area, but this escape is not nearly so important as it appears on paper. I he majority of those afflicted are share farmers, and their homesteads, a rule, are of little or no account by. comparison with tho valuable property swept from their fields by the firo. The seuMiu lius been tho most prolific in the history of the district, und the . crops of wheat and grass excel any thing ever seen by the present genera tion. On Kirndeen 15,009 aer's ; on Walla Walla. 12,000 acres; aud on Wallandool 10,000 cltis of country have been denuded of almost evsry vestige of grass, wheat, and other crops. The cause of the outbreak was the -flying of a spark from a clraner into tho grass early on Saturday morning. Travelling partly agaiust tho wind and partly with it, the fire swept from its starting point to the cottages adjacent to the Culcairn Hotel, a distance of just 20 miles, before it met with any check. For the whole of that dis tance and for a depth of from, eight to ten mile's, the country was trans formed into a literal desert - of black, with only blaziug dry timber extend ing as far as the eye c >uld reach du ring a two hours' rapid drive. At Culcairn and along the line there was a long aud alert fight to prevent the fire crossing the line, but there was nothing to spare, and at times there was no little uncertainty as to what would be the fate of some of the blocks in the township. At this point the firo rushed into the well-cropped Kirndeen lucerne paddock, which was thought to be safe o.viug to its character, but the flames swept through it from eud to eud as if it were dry .grass, and not an acre of it was left. Last year Mr. S. McCaughey paid a rental of 15s per acre for six months of this paddock, which is of considerable area for the use of his stud stock. Among the principal sufferers are the following, — Alex. Stewart, 140 acres of wheat burnt; W. Saunders, 380 acres; H. liallett, 230 acres'; Allan'Oameron, 250 acres ; Mr. Tho mas 200 acres. There were a large number of other severe losers of wheat crops. MOL0NG,. Tuesday. A bush fire yesterday passed com pletely through Boree Station. ' It was two miles wide, a solid mass of flaine frequently 50 feet high. One can uow-ride anywhere ou the run, nearly all the feuces bing destroyed. It was only by the greatest exertions that the woolshed, outbuildings 4hid homestead were saved. Mr. J. Ryan was burnt out of house and hoiiie, and qply succeeded iu sav- iug his buggy. A deal of the wheat crop has been destroyed. Yesterday the fire near Gamble travelled 20 niiles, lickiug up crops, fences, and grass on its way. GRENFiuLL, Tuesday. Many parts of the district were yes terday swept by destructive fires, the .day being the hottest and stormiest of the seasou. The dainos spread with incredible rapidity from- Quandong, near Gronfell, on to the l>auk of Aus- npADftrhu iif Tlinrnhiirv Anil Mr. Joliu Newman's, Ingievale. The iutter was a sea of tire, aud groat diffi-- culty wus experienced in saving the substantial brick residence. M>. Newman lost sQme £2.000 worth of wheat, and another £1000 will scarcely cover the remainder of his loss. Hun dreds of acres of wheat were- aiso de stroyed on Bnindah, And many smaller settlers are severe sufferers. There are now inauy utiles of blackened, smoking country. GUNDAGAI, Tuesday. Fierce bush fires were raging yes terday on Mr. P. J. O'Doanell's Miu- gay estate, destroying a large quan tity of grass. The flames, fed by the strong wind, spread towards Cooiac. ' Whilst in the act of rescuing a mob of horses, Mr. O'Donnell, junr., son of the owner of the property, was thrown in the flames, his horse falling also. The animal was destroyed, while young O'Donnell . was so badly burnt before he was rescued that Dr. Gabriel found «4 oilmea kla 4a satin 4i% vif/lnatt a Mf qvivio<»wiDtuv vjuuqj tut a ttpocial nurse t,p watch his case,' which .is very serious. - 0I400KWELL, Tuesday. Disastrous bush fires are raging et Bigga. One woman and several chil dren are reported misting. Tranter's. Inu, at Blanket Fiat, was burned to the ground. Sheep, cattle,, and horses nave perished in large niiiubers. . A telegram was received this evening from Mr. Webster's, at Binda, asking for 2U men to bo sent out to combat the flames at his selection, and twelve men have been despatched. Grave fears are entertained for the safety of some of the bridges- on the Bigga- road, and the road superintendent has dispatched all of hiB men to battle with the fires. ' The fires cover many miles of country; aud are rendered all tho more dangerous by (he large quan tity of timber lying .about, caused through the big snow storm of last, winter. PARKES, Tuesday. Dotails of tho bushfires show that the lose has been very considerable. Mr. A. Tom has lost practically, the whole . of- the grass on the station. About 40 families have lost the pro ducts of the year, or an equivalent. One man fainted three tiuies from over-exeriion in trying to save his household effects Despite his efforts he failed, the . whole being burned, though his house was saved. Both fires occurred in tho midst of a number of small farms, and the loss vili have to he borne by poor men. The dis tress of the women was pitiable. It is hoped that t'uo fires are now checked. FGilBES, Tuesday. A hush; fire jriflted at back of Car rawobittv vogtay, and is still burn- > iug. Another. started at Bald Hills, buL lo 8ertoi.8. ''lunrf!gv resuli, PAMbGLA, .Tuesdan® Yesterday bush ftresir.r were seeil - rising in every direction, . At Lochid, three, miles from ' the town, Henry Gordon's residence, with a dairy sep arct Vr, valued at £40, n.'. five tons 4 hay, was completely, deroyrd. The inmates only possess the .clothes thojf had on. There w as a. let of money- in, the house, which was also buritt. Geneial sympathy is felt. . for Mr. Goidoo and his family, hei just having everything in go«>d: working: order. 