A HESKET FARMER SUFFERS. WOODEND, Thursday. Several bush fires have been raging in various parts of this district during the past few days, especially about Mount Macedon, but the most serious outbreak has occur- red at Hesket, where much destruction was caused on Monday last. An old and much respected farmer, Mr. P. Madden, lost prac- tically everything, including his 4-roomed dwelling and the whole of his furniture and other contents, stable and outbuildings; harness, chaff cutter and other implements, and tools, as well as nearly the whole of the season's crop of oats, which he had stored in his barn. The garden surround ing the house was likewise destroyed, as was the greater part of the fencing; while a considerable area of potato crop was also ruined. The only things saved were a table aud a buggy. A house occupied by Mr. H. Johnston caught fire, but the flames were extinguished before much damage was done. Mr. Johnston's stable was, however, destroyed, together with harness. &c.;, and about 60 bags of oats. Mr. Hyland's homestead was surrounded by the fire, and as it is still burning, the house is yet in great danger of destruction. Mr. Madden 's loss will not be far short of £500. The fire originated in a bush paddock about a mile away from his bouse, and had been smouldering for some days prior to its sweeping down upon the unfortunate far- mer's property. GORDON, Thursday. Great damage has been done to several farms at Millbrook, by the fire which started in Dunstown on Sunday, in Mr. Lonergan's paddock. Although' the fire was burning several miles away on Sun day the bigli wind and change to the south blew it on to Millbrook. The following far mers suffered severely: — Messrs. llritt Bros., Henry Atkinson, Tlios. Greene, Ben nett and F. J. M'Guigan. In the case of Messrs. Atkinson and M'Guigan it was only by great exertions that both, houses were saved. It is thought that besides the num ber of buildings and fencing destroyed fully 11,000 or 12,000 acres ot grass must have been burnt. KILMORE, Thursday. It is estimated that about '20,000 acres of grass have been destroyed by the fire raging in tho Wallan distriot. In addition bo this, much fencing has been burnt. During to day the wind has been blowing from the north, so that (ihere is much danger of the fire being driven over a frokh tract of coun try southwards. WENTWORTH, Thursday. The town has been encircled with heavy smoke since early on Wednesday, owing to the busli fires in the vicinity- YEA, Thursday. On Friday last a fire started at Glen- more, and soon assumed large proportions, owing to the strong wind that was blowing. During Saturday and Sunday the fire burnt very fiercely. On Monday a heavy -wind storm drove the lire along rapidly. Great difficulty was- experienced in saving Messrs. Walker s and Woods's homesteads. Messrs. Woods, Walker, Gemmell, Loan, M'Fad- den, J. Franklin and M'Loish have all lost large areas of grass. Tlie fire, which is be lieved to have originated through the lay ing of phosphorised pollard for the destruc tion of rabbits, has not yet been got under. 