THE BUSH-FIRE DANGERS. It has been aptly and freely remarked during the past couple of weeks that pre cautions-should be now instituted against the bush-fires of which the district is cer tain to have some experience before the summer is over. The need for prevent- | tve or minimising measures cannot be too strongly emphasised, as no one will ne ny. The heavy growth of herbage with which we have this season been blessed will prove a source of great danger when j dry — and that will be in a very abort ! time from now. The absence of fuel, in the shape of heibage, for bush fires during the drought is. likely to have given rise to a tendency to neglect pre cautions, but if such a feeling exists it ' should at once be put aside, and before the harvest is in full awing and farmers ore thereby fully occupied from daylight to dark, such measures as are essential to preventing a spread of a conflagration buouiu oe tssen on an extensive scale. What the extent of a wild fire during Ihe next few months will be can readily realised, and the devastation it wotdd cause would be incalculable. There is such a superabundance of herbage, den ser in growth than on many good corn fields, that onoe properly started, it would cover n vast area of oountry. Nor would anything approaching a strong wind then be neoesstny to make it spread rapidly. In its trnin the season's forage would be utterly destroyed, crops would be devastated, and so greedily would the flames feed upon ^the dense growth of grass that the rapidity of its flight would, in all probability, onvelope stock, and the consequence would be the destruction of at least a portion of that ! whieh can least be spared. The danger to homesteads is, of course, equally great. Although there may be a hope of eventually checking the fire in the ab sence of a driving wind, -what hope would there be of doing so with such a force be hind it, unless precautions are taken to reduce its volume by making wide fire breaks at frequent intervals, and adopt ing other such means ? Let us hope that such outbreak will occur, but ''preven tion is better than cure,' for fires have an inexplicable way of starting up in unex pected places and at unexpected times, ihe danger is very strong, and landhold ers should set about minimising it before the time comes when all their efforts and every spsre hour will be needed in the -harvest field. 