THE FLEETING HOUR. The bubonic plague has broken out at Aden. South Australia's population at the end of lost Tear was estimated at 370,700. The H*n*ion House Fund for the relief of tlu» famine in India now totals £100,000. The SViah of Persia has accepted an invita tion to visit England and will be the guest of tin* Queen during the autumn. The George-street, Syduey, electric tram war carries passengers at the rate of 19,000,000 yearly. Great Britain will spend ill warship bull 1 ing during the next year £8,460,000 more than Russia and France put together. Australian* are strongly advise i to grow cotton and flax bv Mr. Hedgar Wallace, who has been lecturing at the Imperial Institute. The foundation-stone of the new Adelaide School of Mines building will be laid by Mrs. George Brookman on Wednesday afternoon next. South Australia will have six members in the Federal House of Representatives unless West Australia enters the Commonwealth, in which case this colony will be allowed another member. Mr. C. -Gibson Millar, of the well-known railway contracting firm of Messrs. C. A K. Millar, who built the Palmerston, Cockburo, and Borderton Railways, died in Spain the oth^r day. Definite action in regard to the establish men! of an ammunition factory in New South Wales will shortly be token by the Govern ment, cable communication with the Imperial authorities oa the subject now being carried on. The Melbourne warehouse of Messrs. Lutof A Callil, Syrian importers, was robbed of £1000 worth of goods on Monday. Nearly all the stuff belonged to Syrian hawkers, who lodged their valuables with tfie firm while away in the country districts. The John Milne insolvency case was con cluded in Adelaide on Tuesday, when im prisonment for six months was awarded on one of the 19 offences with which he was charged, while his second-class certificate was suspended for three years. The P. A O. liner India arrived at Albany on Wednesday with a case of smallpox on board, the sufferer being m first-class passenger who booked at Colombo and is bound for Sydney. He has been removed to the quarantine quarters. A party of British explorers in Indo-China, on the borders of Burmali, have been attacked by a force of 500 Chinese Black Flags. The British, who had an escort of 75 Gonrkhas, repulsed their adversaries, killing 70, while tlieir only casualties were six wounded. Another instance in which a pipe-case served as a revolver occurred at Wiloannia last week, three men who had brutally assaulted a constable being captured when confronted by another policemen with sufficient ready wit to take advantage of the darkness to frighten them with the harmless article. Sydney lias decided on a war against rats owing to tlie developments in connection wiili the bubonic plngue, from which dread disease two men hare died. A dozen or moie men hare been engaged to catch the festive rodent, and £2000 I Si been spent in cleaning and disinfecting byways and localities found to be insanitary. South Australia is at last waking np to a sense of its weekness in the matter of defence, and some new guns and a large supply of ammunition are shortly to be ordered. Col onel Stuart liae advised the Government to obtain among other arms a field battery of quick-firing guns, together with a sufficient number of magazine rifles and modern weapons to replace the obsolete ones at the forts at Glanville and Largs. The curiosity of the South Australian pub lic liss been aroused by the announcement that at the meeting of the Executive Council on Wednesday important bueineea arising out of a communication from the Imperial authorities and connected with the affair* of the Empire was considered. By the man in the street it is regarded as having to do with the inclusion of Australian troops in the British Army and other matters of defence. Without reckoning the Peuinsuta mines there are now employed nn the various mineral properties in the North, principally copper-bearing, 1000 men. Near Biinman I here are 45, at IIawker60, at Leigh's Creek 150, at Sliding Rock 40, at Weedna 40, at Mount Fitton 60. at Paull's, Mount Burr, and Lorna Boone 35, at Warrina 30, north or Hawker (men working independently) 140, on mines north-west of Port Augusta 60, and on aorth-eastern tutors 340. ffiFrightful bushfires have raged in various districts of Victoria during the past few days, ■cores of homesteads being burnt to the ground, wbile several liveq, bare been lost. A heroic act on the part of a ltd of 12, natned Tsew, is recorded. At Upper Maffra a Imuae took fire, and the family wrapped themselves in wet blankets aad rushed for a burnt patch. Another blanket was wanted, however, and the gallant boy ran through the fire to procure it, but was orareomc by the tmoka and perished in the Aaaaa, 