GENERAL NEWS. Mount Barker Agricultural Society. —Again the March show of the " Mount Barker Agricultural Society is engaging attention, the annual meeting of mem tiers j being called for Tuesday evening next, when the financial statement will be pre | seated, officers elected for the ensuing year, and other preliminary business transacted. Death of an Old Colonist.—Mr. Myles Kavanagh, who died at Mount Barker Springs on Thursday of last week, was a very old resident of the district, in which he arrived some 50 years ago. He was a native of County Wicklow, Ireland, and had attained the age of 85. During, the past 30 years Mr. Kavanagh had been engaged in sheepfarming. Two sons and one daughter survive. The funeral took place at the Mount Barker Catholic Cemetery on Saturday, when the Rev. Father Landy officiated at the grave. Fire near Charleston.—A destructive fire occurred on Monday oh' the farm of Mr. B. James, near Charleston. The damage' done is estimated at .about. £150. being con fined to the1 machinery shed. It is mar vellons how the honse and stacks escaped, they being all clustered together. To show the narrowness of the escape it was noticed that the flames or heat passed right over the thatched roof of the dwelling bouse and scorched the leaves of some poplars on the other side. Several of the family were at the Lobethal picnic when, news was bronght there of the disaster. Willing hands were soon on the spot and prevented -farther damage. It is thought that the fire origin ated from a spark from the house chimney. The property was uninsured. The Wab Fund.—There was a good attendance at the adjourned meeting held in the Mount Barker Institute on Friday even ing in connection with the Transvaal War Belief Fund, and Sir. John Paltridge, J.P., presided. The name of Mr. E. F. G. Thorn sen was added to the committee list (pub lished by us' last week), and Mr. Fred. Paltridge was elected secretary and Mr. A. F. I G. Dye treasurer of the fund. It was decided that the ladies should be asked to co-operate .with the committee, and the chairman, secretary, and treasurer, with Messrs. L. von Doussa, M.P., and H. Hobin son, were appointed to meet them and dis cuss matters. A collection in the room realized £9 18s. 6J. The ladies met on Wed nesday afternoon, when it was decided to assist the committee in . the collection of subscriptions. Fatalities at Ubaidla.—Two accidents which terminated fatally have occurred in the Draidla district during the past day or two. The first robbed Mr. T. H. Dyer of a two-year-old daughter, who wandered about 50 yards from the house and fell into a well. Life was extinct when the body was re covered, and Mr. T. Oliver, J.P., to whom the matter was reported, considered an inquest .unnecessary. On Saturday afternoon Mrs. Kerwin, wife of a Deep Creek blocker, was thrown from her horse while, returning from Uraidia, concussion of the brain being sustained. A doctor, was sent for and The woman removed ;to the residence of Mr. Collins, but-she died , shortly after. Great sympathy is felt for the bereaved husband, who is left with seven small children, one a cripple, and a subscription is being raised to assist in paying.thc funeral expenses. The Income Tax.—The Commissioner of; Taxes once more-invites .attention in our advertising columns to the necessity for all taxpayers making the customary returns of their incomes and.draws.special notice to the fact that for farmers only "the time for send ing in returns has been extended to April 1, so as "to enabl£. thfem to include the whole of the _ harvest.. ;Other. taxpayers, .except farmers, located south of Hergott must send in theirs not later than February 1, and | those north of HsS-gott and in the Northern Territory are allowed until March t. The exemption this; year is £200. It should be. specially noted, that all persons engaged in trades, professions, and businesses must make returns, whatever the amount o£ their in come is; and again, all persons, including those at wages ,or*salaries whose gross income amounts to £200, must fill in and forward the income form. I Wool, Classing.—It hns been demon-! sirated clearly that the price of. wool is ' very considerably increased when treated to j systematic classing, but if further proof were necessary it is found in the statement just published in Connection with Mr. George ; Jeffrey's class at the Adelaide School of ! Mines. When the class was started in 1898 Mr. Norman F. llickford was one of the students. At the end of the term 1899, through the kindness of the Willowie Land and Pastoral Association, Mr. Jeffrey was allowed to take. same of his pupils wool j classing commercially. First- they went to Wirrialpn, and from there to Mount Bcmark able. working at the wool sheds amongst the wool, with Mr. Jeffrey supervising. From there Mr. Bickfonl went to Narracoorte and there classed llickford Hynam wooL The sheep last season were dipped after shearing, also the lambs, using a colonial dip; on good feed and water all the year, the wool brought 9Jd. per Hi., equal 7Jd. average—this in cluded all sheep and lambs. This season, under exactly the same conditions, the wool brought lojd., equal 13£d. average. The question comes, what is the cause of this advance? Granting the market value of wool is advanced 60 per cent., the classing of wool, in the opinion of Messrs. W. and H. Bickford, is accountable for the very excellent price, 13}d., the wool averaged at the Melbourne sales ; and they consider the advantages to be derived from the. wool classing school now organised must be pleasing to and worthy of those who originated it. Classes have been formed at Woodside, Mount Pleasant, Willunga, and other Southern centres, and Mr. Jeffrey has expressed his willingness to start one at Mount Barker should the sheep farmers of the district and others interested desire it. The institute committee might well take the matter iu hand, for although such a course of instruction would notappeal to the townspeople generally anything which tends to improve so important a district industry as that of woolgrowing should be heartily encouraged. A Warning to Dairymen.—The death of a cow has enatiled Mr. Stephen Cbilds, of Littlehampton, to make a discovery of im portance to dairymen. A few days ago a particularly bitter taste was noticed in the butter made from the milk of his cows, and shortly after one of the animals was taken ill and died, all remedies and treatment suggested by Mr. Childs's long experience amongst cattle in the old country fail ing to save its life. Other cows were also' affected to a lesser extent, and the discovery was then made that the trouble was caused through feeding on the poisonous blossoms of the aloe trees growing in Mr. Childs's garden. The aloe does not flower until it is 21 years old, but then, when the seeds are scattered about, it grows freely, and dairymen who value the lives of their cattle would do well to destroy the trees before they attain maturity and become a danger to their herds. , Choir Picnics.—On December 28 the members of the Mount Barker Baptist Church choir, with a few friends, journeyed to Ambleside for their annual picnic. The gathering has been held for many years, and the promoters spare nothing to make the out ing a success. The weather on Commemora tion Day was beautiful, and the Ohkaparii^ga River presented a . charming scene with its green ferns and verdant undergrowth. Ail sorts of games were indulged in, and the contents of the well-stocked hampers had grown smaller by degrees and beautifully lsss when the time for home-going had arrived. The party all spent a very -enjoyable day. The Mount Barker Wesleyan choir and friends, to the number of about 70, went to' Stanley Bridge on New Tear's Day, and not withstanding the oppressive weather the onting 'was a most pleasant one, the choralists being loth to leave their delight ful surroundings when evening set in. The War.—Latest news from the seat of war is more cheering. General French has succeeded in driving a commando o£ 4000 Boers from Coienso, while at Sunnyside, on the Kimbcrlev route, the Queensland and Canadian troops have performed a difficult task with conspicuous gallantry. . The enemy were routed by the colonials, a laager being destroyed and 40 prisoners captured. The Boers have a very strong position in the Upper Tugela Hiver district, their line of defence extending 16- miles. The British soldiers at Modder Hirer are in great heart, a program of military sports being carried' out on New Year's Day in spite of the fre quent arrival of shells from, the enemy. According to the London Daily Mail, tile British Government arc about to expend £5,000,000 oil new' artillery. Unbounded, enthusiasm continues to be displayed: throughout the empire, offers of men, homes, and money being made from nearly every country under British rule. A Bemarkabi.k Stobm.—Panting, pers piring colonists viewed with delight the signs which on. Tuesday seemed to betoken change from the, enervating heat of the previous few days, but for some reason or other only the residents of Mitcham were treated to an alteration of the atmospheric conditions, and that was in. such a remark able form, that it could hardly be regarded as a blessing. Bain hegan to fall heavily frorr a bright sky in the afternoon, being foliowed by a terrific hailstorm, the average size of the " stones " being aliont that of a pigeon's egg, with some of even greater proportions. Large quantities of fmit were destroyed, while the heavy wind which prevailed blew down sheds, demolished Chimneys, and created havoc generally, among the freaks of the tempest being the destruction- of a shed through a hawker's cart lieing blown against it and the cutting.off of a cow's .tail by s flyiug.8heet.of galvanized-iron. DESTRUCTIVE BUSHFIRE AT MOUNT CRAWFORD.—The present season, with its cool, late spring, has been exceedingly favor- able for the growth of herbage of all kinds, and as the summer set in and the waving grass which clothed the countryside began to dry off those who had not forgotten last year's disastrous fire on the Rosebank Station indulged in the hope that there would be no outbreak this year (writes our Mount Pleasant correspondent). Unfortunately the un- expected has happened, for to-day (Monday) we experienced another disastrous fire, and what were this morning beautiful pastures are now charred and wasted fields. The fire started on what is known as Mr. Murray Dawson's Wirra Wirra Station, half a mile westerley from the homestead, at about 9 o'clock, Every effort was made to extinguish it, but the grass, which had been specially saved, was thick and tall, and the strong nor'-east wind which prevailed speedily drove the flames out of reach, and in a very short time the conflagration was general. The alarm was soon given in the townships, and help came from all quartern, but before the workers could arrive it was plainly seen that the flames could not easily be subdued. The wind drove the fire right across Mr. Dawson's property into Corryton Park. The house was only saved by strenuous efforts, and grass, trees, and fences were swept away right np the avenue leading to the homestead. Continuing its onward course, the devouring element sped on until it crossed the Williamstown road into the Murray Vale property, where it was kept from spreading by the River Para on the east and the Corryton Park road on the west. Being unable to cope with the dense scrub on what is known as Mount Crawford Mr. Murray decided to sacrifice the whole of the Mount and directed the willing helpers to burn all along the river on the east and like- wise from Corryton Park road on the west, the two fires being brought together at about 4.30. In spite of the precautions taken the fire broke out six times across the river, in one instance starting fully 500 yards away in the midst of a fallen sheaoak. Hundreds of logs are still burning, and every precaution must be observed to prevent a renewed out- break to-morrow. The fire is being well watched to-night, so that it is to be hoped that no fresh outbreak will occur. I have been given to understand that no sheep perished, but it was with great difficulty that some of them were saved. The only casualty was a horse, which was hitched to a fallen honeysuckle, and the poor brute stood until its tail was burnt off and its legs terribly singed. Although the wheat harvest is just at its height some 200 willing helpers assembled to fight the flames, and too much cannot be said in praise of those who assisted to keep the fire under. The fine work done speaks volumes for the pluck, endurance, and public spirit of the workers, individual concerns being wholly lost sight of in the general danger, and it quite certain that only the timely response to the alarm and the strenuous exertions, put forth by all who assembled prevented the develop- ment of a much more serious conflagration. Continuing his letter on Tuesday, our corre- spondent adds:—The police and Mr. F. Thomson, J. P., after making inquiries into the origin of the fire, are satisfied that an inquest is unnecessary, as no evidence bear- ing on the first outbreak is procurable. No fresh outbreak has occurred, and the smouldering logs near the edges have all been made safe. A large number of men watched the fire last night and contributed largely to the satisfactory state of things to-day. The following are the losers :—Mr. Murray Daw- son, 1400 acres of grass, a good deal of tim- ber and fencing, and nine hives of bees ; Messrs. Gehhardt, 270 acres of grass and a quantity of fencing; Mr. A. J. Murray, 800 acres of grass and a lot of fencing. Our correspondent further reported on Wednes- day evening:—The Mount Crawford fire broke out again to-day about 9 a.m. in three different places. As a strong north wind prevailed at the time the result has been disastrous. The flames were driven in the direction of Mount Pleasant, but the wind then veered westward, and the fire travelled towards Springton and Eden Valley, sweep- ing the whole of Mr. Dawson's property, even the dog-kennels close to the homestead being destroyed. Mr. Murray's loss is 1500 acres of grass and fencing. Mr. Gilbert is also a heavy loser, while all that Mr. Porter could save was his homestead. Three home- steads have been burnt completely out, but I am not now in a position to give the names. From what I can gather this evening the fire has travelled between 15 and 20 miles and is still raging beyond Springton and Eden Valley in the direction of Keyneton. It is rumored that it has reached the pro- perty of Mr. John Murray, of Rhine Park. The loss in stock cannot yet be computed. 