News, Notes, and Comments. A notable instance of a mare profiting by ex perience is communicated to the *' Live Stock Journal.' She had her first foal when 10 or 12 years old, and, being blicd of one eye, frequently trod on the foal or knocked it over when it happened to be on her blind side. So often did this occur that the foal died when only three or four months old. The next year she dropped another foal, and the owner fully expected the same result. The mare appeared to have learned caution, however, for tbe day the foal was dropped she never moved in her stall without first looking round to see where the foal was : never once did she tread upon the youngster or iujure it in any **!' . ? _____ . . ? .. . Some of the largest dealers in Australian and New Zealand rabbits in tbe North of England say that there is something wrong with the way in which rabbits are brought into tbe cold stores at Melbourne or the New Zealand porU, or with the way in which the rabbits are treated after reaching the stores. This matter should receive the most thorough in vestigation by the shippers. A team of 14 horses brooght 100 bales of 3coured wool into l)abbo last week from Warrana station. The load weighed 12 tons 8 cwt. Another big load, 90 bales, arrived at the same tune from Coonamble. Numbers of sheep have died at Tarago as a result of the recec t rains. One owner lost 119. Haymaking is becoming general in the Femora district, since crops are very heavy and the length of straw is too great for binders. Several crops have been destroyed by fire. \- The grub pest, which has done mucn damage in the potato fields in the Windsor and Wilberforoe districts, has attacked the hay crops also. Hay crops which survived the floods of July upon the whole are better than faimeis anticipated. Sowings jdnce the recent flood have not done well, and lucerne cuts have been scanty. The rain *ince Saturday will benefit tbe young maize, and enable further plantings to be made. ? . Bepresentative fanners' collections will form a special feature at the next Orange chow, and a large . number of farmers are making provision for the ex hibition of such collections. Mr. W. Killen, of Gorowa, ia going 'over bis crops, -cam* across a remarkable curiosity. Several grains of brown oats were found growing oat of a fully nuy. tured head of wheat. The grains of oats were in three distinct hunches growing cut on one side of tbe head of wheat. The head has been aept to the Agri cultural Department, Sydney. The Miniiter for Agriculture (Mr. Fegan) has re oeived from 'the Clarence Agricultural Society some very fine specimens of 'wheat, bailey, oate, and rye, ' in itraw and grain, grown by Messrs. Crispin Bro thers, near Grafton. Some 24 varieties were sown to see. which suited tbe district best. The specimens forwarded are of considerable merit, and are free from the rust to which such cereals are usually liable in the Clarence district. It ' will be remem bered that this district took the first prize at the met tropolitan show for district exhibits, and the iecretary states the society intends to collect and forward a fine trophy of what the district can produce to the next I show in Sydney. '' A repoii from Wagga fifstes that die practice of manuring at the Government experimental farm has been attended with excellent results. One paddock - . of 25 acres, manured at a cost of 2s 9i per acr#, yielded 90 tons 15cwt. of hay, And another similar paddock, manured at a cost of 3s 6d per acre, yielded 100 tons lOcwt. of hay. ' The secretary of the Victorian Customs has received a letter from a medical officer in the Imperial service in South Africa, containing grave complaints as to the quality ot tinned meat supplied by a Melbourne firm. The writer complains that two consignments received from the firm in question were not only bad in quality but short in weight. Guano was first used by the people of Pern more than three centuries ago.' It was held so valuable that the deposits on the Chincha Islands were jea lously guarded, and sea bir£s which resorted to these rocks were carefully protected. It is said that death was the penalty inflicted on anyone who killed birds near the deposits during the breeding season. At the beginning of the export trade from tbe Chincha Islands, about 1840, thn supply seemed inexhaustible. The deposits covered the three islands in some places to a depth of 90ft. or 100ft, and according to an offi cial survey made by the Peruvian Government in 1853 the quantity was then estimated at 2,376,100 tons. Such has been the demand for guano that this enormous quantity has now been practically ex 'hausted.— ?? Live Stock Journal.' The agricultural industry continues to grow steadily throughout this district. Those who com bined wool- growing with cropping this year have been so successful that in all probability the area under cultivation next year will show a large in increase. Cropping all rcund, with and without irrigation, has bten a decided success. The season is better than for many yeais. The total area under crop is 60351 acres. A few years %go the area under crops was nil. The areas are :— Hay, 3789| acres ; wheat, 2230 ; other crops, 15J. Farmers near Went worth speak of starting a mill on co-operative line;. Farmers near Burragoraug are preparing to plant as the want of rain prevented «arly sowing. The welcome rain was badly wanted, as feed had dried up and water had to be carted from the river. Some record wheat returns are expected from the Gundagai district, and several of tho late crops will yield well: Crops about Sunny Corner are looking well, and the damB are overflowing. Regulations relating to the introduction cf sheep and stock from this colony into Victoria appear in the ' Government Gazstte.' They provide for the making of certain declarations to the effect that the stock proposed to be introduced into Victoria are free from anthrax, and that they hare not within three months been ia direct or indirect contact with stock infected with any such disease, and that none of such stock have during any part ot such period been in country or travelling on routes where anthrax was present, or that each of them as have been in such country or over such routes within such time have been successfully vaccinated aud rendered immune from anthrax. Advices from Southern Greece and the Iopian iBlandB confirm the reports that the currant crop is almost entirely destroyed by the blight peronos peros. Instead of the yield being 160,000 tons it will not exceed 38,000 tons, against this, e»ys the 'M.L. Express,' consumers io the United Kingdom re quire for use on Chnstmas Day alone 17,500 tons, whilst between now and Yuletide we want some 35,000 tons in addition. Since the arrival of the first steamer the prices of currants have gone up very high. The VoBtizza grades are fetching from 75s to 80s. and even 110s per cwt. Ordinarily they fetch from 22s to 25s per cwt. The outlook ib gloomy, as there is reason to fear that currants will be hard to procure, even at funine pi ices. The culti vators and labourers in Greece are ruined, sub scriptions are already being asked for, and some well-known firms have given considerable sums. \- An Irish farmer, who disbelieves in tbe spraying of potatoes for the prevention of disease, puts forth another remedy. He says : — ' I am glad to eay what the Bordeaux Mixture has failed to accomplish when applied to the tops, I have succeeded in doing with common salt (chloride of sodium) applied to the roots, which not only checked the disease, but utterly annihilated it. I have placed the results of my ex periments in the hands of the New Irish Agricultural ^Department; and it is to be hoped they will lose no time in making arrangements in the various districts throughout Ireland most subject to disease, and put my experiments to, a practical test, the result of which, if piopeily carried out, I await with' confi dence.' Born in Poland in 1844, Madame Modjeska, who celebrates her birthday on October 12, mostly lives in America, and makes a hobby of farming. So long ago as 1876. she made a farming experiment in California and Test her money, but Bince then she has had more luck. Her present Calif ornian ranch lieB at the foot of the Santiago Peak, and is 15 miles from anywhere. There, among her shorthornB, beest and her fruit trees, the great actress likeB to live. When once remonstrated with, Modjeska replied, ' This is not burial, it is Elysium ; for £ am as happy SB my cows and as busy as my bees.' — ' Engl».n Exchange.' The local omcer at Dubbo has reported to the Department of Public Works that there is no foun dation for the rumour that valuable trees are being destroyed on the travelling stock routes. The wheat crops near Cowra have benefited much by the rain. The yield is expected to avenge from 15 to 20 buBhels to the acre, and the return will be xt record on some of the farms. The Goulburn Pastures and Stock Protection .Board has decided to pay 2d for rabbit scalps. ^ At a meeting of the Wagga Stock Board the in spector reported that the season had been the 'best he had ever seen in . the. Wagga district, and that .diseases in .stock were light in comparison with other years. A circular was read from the Chief Inspector of Stock, asking the. board's opinion bb to the best mode of dealing with the rabbit pest in the district under the existing enactments. A morion was carried . that' the best mode of destroying rabbits was by poi soning and fumigation. At the instance of Mr. J. J. li-'Grath, the following resolution was carried :— ' That in the opinion of the board the practice of trapping rabbits for commercial purposes has resulted in the spread of rabbits farther afield; that the im« practicability of supervision enables the trappers to retain the adult rabbits and allow the young ones to escape ; while the creation of vested interests in rabbit dealing has a tendency to perpetuate the pest for the future operations of trappers, with the result that rabbits are ever on tbe increase.' At a public meeting held last week at Hay to urge the construction of a railway to Deniliquin, the following interesting statistics were given:— The 'stock traffic across the Murrumbidgee River at Hay for Victoria averaged 'half a million sheep and 117,000 head of cattle annually until about 15 years ago, and that owing to the Victorian stock tax it had fallen to an average of 200,000 sheep and 11,000 cattle for the past tix years. It was also stated that nearly one million acres of Crown lands would bs -available for settlement within a few mouths, of which area 300,000 acres would be thrown open very soon. After January 1. with the removal of the stock tax, as the result of federation, it was claimed that there would be a large influx of Vic torians to take up land, and a large increase of stock traffic. A railway was required to enable the district producers to trade with its natural seaport, Mel bourne. Reference was also made to the benefit of railways in removing starving stock in times of drought and bringing fodder to stock unable to travel. During the season now drawing to a close Queens land has been tbe best customer New South Wales found for her Biuplus hreadstuffs. Like New South Wales did a year or two back, however, Queensland is making strenuous efforts to convert itself from si wheat importing into a wheat exporting country,' and no one would be surpiised to find any season that the northern colony had an exceBs of grain over: local requirements. Last year the harvest was a poor one owing to severe frosts bting experienced whilst the wheat was in ear. This season frosts have also been experienced, but to nothing like such an extent, and as far as can be judged from reports to hand the prospects are exceedingly gocd. Grass fires have been plentiful near Hay. One slatted en the 23rd ultimo on the Hay irrigation area, and before it could be extinguished, two hay stacks, containing about 50 tons, were destroyed. At Ulonga, and part of Mr. Claughton's estate, aboufi 1200 acres of grass and a great deal of fencing was destroyed. A fire also took placa ou Emagubat station, uear Booligal. The wheit yield around Dubbo this season is ex pected to be ne&rly; equal to that of la»t year, aa more land is under crop. lu many places the yield is 24 bushels to the acre. A large hayshed at Waree station, near Gilgandra, the property of Mr. W. I. Taylor, was totally destroyed by fire on the, 22nd ultimo. There were about 60 tons of hay m the shed. The loss u estimated at about £300. In the Hawaiian Islands there are cattle and horses, says ' The Queeuelander,' that never drink through tbe whole course of their lives. On all tha islands the upj,er altitudes ot the mountains are given up to cattle ranges. The cattle run wild ftom tha time they are bom antil they are gent to the elaughter-hcuse. Except possibly for two or three months in the rainy season, 1 here are no streams oc pools of water in any part where (he cattle range, but everywhere there grows a recumbent grass known by the name of maninia. This is both food and drink. Horses aud cattle grazing on it neither: ieguire water.'not drink it when offered. If man'nia could be induced to grow on some of the drought afflicted country in Queensland the periodical curtail ment of mouture would be robbed of its terrors. Net effort, so far as we are aware, has yet been made to acclimatise this glass away from, its habitat. It it? possesses such extraordinary r'.rtues as are claimed for it, then it is surely worth while to experiment in transplanting some of it. A new use has been discoveied for hop?, namely, 'the curing of bacon. It is found that a sprinkling of hops in the btine, when bacon and hams are put in pickle, adds greatly to the flavour of both, aud en ables them to be kept an indefinite period. Mr. B. G. Dulhunty, J.F., stock inspector at Dubbo, recently forwarded to the Government Ento mologist a specimen ol an insect which has been making raidB upon several lucerne treeB in his garden. : The report received iB as follows : — ' The only thing , I can fiud on them are the egg cases of some plant bug (hemiptera), though it may be tbe Eutherglen bug (Mysius vinctor), which sometimes does a deal of damage to the lucerne. Is there no moth of a cater- ' pillar on the bushes i There is a native species out west (Mesynu polygonalis) which is very fond of the foliage of the tree lucerne. About Hay it feeds on the wild broom in thousands at this time of year.1? Spraying with Paris green would drive them off if moth larva.' News from Perth, W.A., states that large bush fires are still raging in the eastern districts. Several homesteads are believed to be destroyed. Hundreds of men were out fighting the flames. The fires went chiefly confined to the northern, Newcastle; ana Meckering country. The fires were pronounced to be the worst experienced for the last 30 yearB. The S.S. Australasian, which arrived from. England on tiie 16th ultimo, brought out three pure Suffolk punch horses— two colts and a filly— for Mr. A. A.' Dang&r;, Baroona, Witbngham. ' These youngsters; which are very fine horses of their class, ahculd in ?' crease the reputation already gained by the Baroona Suffolk punches. They will be quarantined at Bandwick quarantine grounds. The manager of Benduck station, near Hay, re ported to the police on the 15th. ultimo that Mr. R. D. Weir, of Diarcoola selection, on that ruD, on going to Ma homestead that morning found his bod, Robert Weir, aged 21, dead, with a revolver alongside the body. Constable Burman and a black tracker hare been despatched to Diarcoola, which is 20 miles dis tant. - A shorthorn, considered to be the finest fouryear old cow' in England, recently cold for 340 guineas, an additional 100 guineas being paid for her calf. There are 54,000,000 pigs in Am enca, 8,000,000 more than in all Europe. Mr. 7. Y. Bell, has been elected^resident of the Walgett Farmers and Settlers' Association, and Mr. 3\ P. Fagin, vice-president. Members expressed the opinion that available lands should be thrown open for settlement, as many persons wanting land cannot obtain it. ? At Maharatta, near Bombala, 473 bares were bagged by 15 shooters. Several bushfires have occurred in the Grenfell district. Mes=ra. Harrison Bros., of 'Bed Creek, lest a quantity of wheat A tenant farmer, named Norton, on Gcrangulla, near Hsrden, had bis standing crop ol wheat destroyed by a buBh fire on Sunday. A harvester trial was given by Robertson Broe., of Melbourne, at Lockbart, on the 24th ultimo. A largo body of farmers from the surroundiog district was present. The crop was a heavy one, the yield Averaging six bags to the acre. Mauy wheat crops around Merriwa are being cut for hay. Hares near Moorebank are plentiful. Recent tains bave damaged the pctato crops in the district, but the fruit crop promises well. At a meeting of the members of the Muswellbrook Stock and Pa Bt urea Board held in the School of Art* on the 24th ultimo, a resolution moved by Mr, Keys was earned to the effect that a conference of dele gates from Maitland, Singleton, Merriwa, Murru rundi, Gunnedah, Tarn worth, and Narrabn be held at Muswellbrook f or the purpose of considering the advisableness of taking united action to cope with the rabbit pest. It was reeolved that the meeting be beld in the Muswellbrook School of Arts on January 16 next. The secretary of the Tumnfc Farmers and Settlers' ABEOciation, ia answer to his application to the Bailway Commissioners for a rearrangement of rail way freighti on farm and dairy produce, other than Sydney, was informed that if an exception were made in favour of Tumut, it would establish a very inconvenient precedent. 