THE GIPPSLAND FIRES. THE MAFFRA OUTBREAK. THREE SHOCKING DEATHS. MANY HOMESTEADS BURNT, THOUSANDS OF ACRES DEVASTATED. MAFFRA, Wednesday. The terrible fires that swept the whole district on Friday, Saturday, Sunday, and Monday have caused widespread destruc- tion. Starting near Glenmaggie on Fri- day, the flames swept the properties of Messrs. Higgins, Glassford, and Land at McDonald Flat, and Messrs. Groggan, Cheyne, Ryan, Lanigan, Macnamara, Williamson, Daws, Jeffries, Mrs. Miller, P. Sweeney, H. Miller, F. Horstman, J. Pollock, in the Upper Maffra district. From Pollock's the fire spread to J. Clyne's, J. Rawlings's, and R. N. Herke's, where luckily it was stemmed. Of those enumerated, the principal losers were Mr. Lanigan, who lost his house and everything, and Mr. Wil- liamson, who lost his dwellinghouse, a cream separator, engine sheds, and two reapers and binders. The others lost all their grass and most of their fencing and stock. Mr. D. Manson lost 20 of his dairy herd, and Mr. F. Horstman a hun- dred head of cattle. In the Glenmaggie district, Messrs. J. Gill, M. Sheen, M. Kelleher, Macfarlane, and Gleeson lost their houses and grass and fencing, while Messrs. L. P. Garvey, J. Shaw, Turpin, J. Riggall, J. Rahilly, Red, Marshall, Jessep, Cumins, Chester, Macfarlane, Grogan, Sheen, O'Connor, and Green lost grass and fencing. The fire worked from Upper Maffra right in to Wadelock, and burnt Messrs. Du Moulin's, J. McDonald's, R. McDonald's, and Missen's homesteads. Mr. J. McDonald also lost eight tons of cheese. Several sheds on the Boisdale Estate were burnt, and a large number of sheep, dairy cattle, and horses. Yesterday Mr. Foster, of Boisdale, had men out shooting the ani- mals that were lying in agony. The fire was stopped on his estate, but there is still danger, as if the wind rises another devas- tating sweep will be made, owing to the burning trees. The Glenmaggie fatality was a sad one. The old couple, Mr. and Mrs. Curtain, must have been leaving their home to es- cape the flames, and from the appearance of the bodies Mr. Curtain must have made a last endeavour to save his spring-cart, as his burned body was found lying between the shafts, with his head in the direction of the house. His body was not charred much, and it could easily be recognised. Not so with his wife, as her body was found lying on its back about 10 yards away from her husband, and it was much charred. A party went out from Glen- magge yesterday to bring in the remains. A sovereign and 21/ in silver was found on the ground by Mrs. Curtain's side. The watch on the husband was stopped, but when shaken it started going again. The remains were brought into Glenmaggie. Young Samuel Trew's death was also a I iinful one About ii quai ter past . Ins in dhu lool ed toiunds the lue which îp i cne I to he two miles nviix, but about 10 mimili!, ifin she he ml the loin of the up in ii lung llames and almost instinct) the li ne tinghi lire J lie f milly at once ¡.tii-il lilinkcts uni rushed to a eleni space between the house mid the shed 1 hey st ol between the Ihnies with the blankets ni ipi til lound them c\|eeting di lill cull minute Jtii]eioi lad Sam who was ii ut II xeirs of ice bud toicotteu le. II udc himself with i binni et Ile rushed into the bullung building to pioeuic one ni n is neiel been nine nunn His .li ned bones were aftcrwaidh found lung moss the bed ind it is endent tint while ni the ect of i iel mg up the bhnl et he lins suffocated bl the «liol e Hie i em lindel it tlic funiili had to lone the spice whcie the i had been grouped toe,ethei md talc itluge m a Uni i lelief meeting v. is held ti Ar tilt i hist ni-lit nilen UH n is collected iinongst i| le« poisons, the meeting being a stn ill one, na it was huiriedly called togethei Messrs A \l I eau and Co headed the list xvith -¡0 cumias A concert to have been held hen on Tuesday next in. aid of the Bush- mens Corps land will now be devoted to the fire relief CARRAJUNG DEMOLISHED. POST-OFFICE AND MECHANICS' HALL BURNT. YARRAM, Wednesday. Destniclivo bush iii es have been ragtng lound tins distnct foi the labt few dajs, and have cNtended o\ei a very laige mci ol tountii loi Heieiul dujb flies bad been bin muir in the hill tountii but on Alon dm, with ti hot sun and ii stiong wind, the lue swept all befoie it, and lushing donn on the little township ot Cairajung, com píetele desttoied it, all eliotts to sine piopcili being uselebs (ravens hotel was Completel) destiojcd, with evci. thing it eont unod the post office adjoining, Go leinnient piopeity, bli mug the same fate Hit new. Aleelinnies hall, xuth piano, li hi in and li Kings, all nie a complete heap of linns, und nothing leinaiiis ot the picttv little township Hie lu ninian liom Rose dale had cxticnic dilhculti in getting through, the hie burning on both bides of the loud mid he bad to walk foi home distance Hie losses to the lund holders uie \uv senoiib Mis iueUei lost fixe miles or fencing and ^00 acies of «iiuss Alossis D Wight. W Rutlieifoid, J Mu sen Al 1 eebng 11 lalknei,G Clinic (wlio lost si\ miles ot fencing 500 acres of griss, cowsheds _.c ), und others aie all heal} lo-icis Hie selection owned by Ali Aieth len, JIL V, and leased to Ali btejihcn son, was clestio. eel, but the house w is baied, the Hotting iron. Dolly being burnt ¡sei end wooden cull cits ne dcstroied, nnd m all directions the louds uic bloikcd xvitb fallon timboi In the Jacl Rixei district the file was len dei co, md Ali P Knlladi lost gi iss stacl ol oats, and othei piopertj, most slieiittoits eitoits alone suing the home stetel Hie town of .imam escmed en tírele though on Mond ly it was xi rapped m smoke like ¡i dcnsi fog OTHER REPORTS. BRUTHEN, Wednesday. Hie bush lue nt Minson ville and Lower Nicholson lepoitctl x esleída) has done Cieut damage Ihe following aie amongst the he mest lose! s -li Williams, house, bains, and sheds, Wells, boubi and out bui)din_tt, lluilej two large sticks of h ty, large weatheiboard barn, stable, ton laid lanes niau tged to save their bouse, but le t cieijthmg else, Lucas Brothels fencing and all glass Smith, grass and fencing Caillinan, sawmiller, about 200 tons of cut in cn owl, alto the old sawmill lu addition to these, otheis are hean losers A iniinbei of cuttle were misted to deith Anothei big hie is now binning at Uppei lambo, m I til m Bios ' and Higgs pad dnel s mil eti">t fell» mc cntcrtainee! Hie lindum distutt has also sulTeicd Al Ding in, R Daxidson, Jas O'lvcefe, and the Buchan Station bung all hum losers of gi iss ¡md fencing It is ulso felled that i numbci of cittle have been binni DROUIN, Wednesday. Hush fires lune lppcaied m several puts of the distnct I dicing and grass lm\c been elcstioieel in seieiul dnections Hu sclllits on the Koo wee îup ¡swamp will be seuotis loséis is nein ii lime lost build mes, glass, nops and fencing V lire swept mci the lioilhun poition of the met on Mombil, indicting loss on it least i do/en settlers Hie nunn load foimcd thiough the su amp a sboit time ago bus been nu dei mined ni mun pintes owing to the binning ol the poit and timbei underneath Some outbuildings and it black of lui}, be lonemf, to Ali li Collei, Drouin, got ib_hl mel weic coiihiimotl A four roomed he use owned bl Ali lohn Policy, neal Drouin togethei w iib the fu niturc, xvns also destioied iChUidai, thbugh the out brcik was not due to bush lires GORDON, Tuesday. Hie hush fue which stalled at Dunns town on Sundín swept til befoie it fot miles in the dilution of I ii Lal On Alon du it took ¡inothei diuetion, owing to the cb n cc of wind which was veij high at times and blunt light bick to Millbrook, e ttising gio it dunnice to bei er ii fauns in fencing unlbuilduigs, and giubs Ali I is ken M is the hcauest loser lhere ire mam sulîctcis mound Millbrook - Messrs I Greei e 1 I Al Giu_nn Henil Atkin son Hutt Bios and Bennett in the ease of Messrs Al Gingini and Atkinson the hu uthUrs hnd a Inid task tiling to sue both homesteads Hosnies 10 000 acres of gi iss blunt 'temi Dunnstown to 1 ii I ii there me hundieds ii not thousands, of neus of "i iss blunt mound Alillbrook ind other pinces J he fire waa put out hist night at Air Atkinson's house It is computed that several thousands of pounds Yvorth of property has been dcstioyed APPLICATIONS FOR GOVERNMENT ASSISTANCE. Mr. Foster, M.L.A., waited on the Pre- mici yestorda. in. reference to some assist ance being given to settlers in littst Gipps land who have been burnt out by the io cent bush fire» mound i-wanreach, John som die, mid the lambo llivei Ali APLean s> mpatlnsed with tho«e xvho hail stilfeied loss, but saul tint until he had all Hie paiticulars as to the losses be foic him bo could not undeitakc to grant mi} lelief If anything was done, each case w ould lnx c to bo de tit xi ith on its merits, small ¡uliunces being mule to settlcts to enable them to le build then lesidenccs or le elect thin fences, the dune us wits done by the Government aftei the bush lires m South Gippsland __il. ]n 1808 Hie Pyalong Shire Council, acconip lined bl Ah J-ufl. , ML., waited on the Alnns tel of Public Worl s jesteiduy, mel ntl eel foi assistance in icplncmg a wooden budge on the main load, and ilto sel eral culvcil n Inch had been destiojcd bj the bush lues Ali Grihnni stated thal he bud leccivcd a mimbil of sunda! ieque.t= mid ho ex. pected afUi the bush hies which had been iiiging in \annus pint- ot Acetona dening the Ijst few d'il s that that uumbei would be large]) mci eased When ill the ii nins were sent m the) would be dealt with as a whole bl the Cabinet C ireful conaidcn lion would be given to eich npplicitton md theie woidd be no time lost in dealing with thom FIRES IN OTHER DISTRICTS. BROADFORD, Wednesday. Hie laige bush hie on the lallarook i anges still lontiniies to burn dei i c1. î es tetdai willi i i-tiong south wind it ti i lellcel hie nuleb towards Iielhiook, but to dm it is nuking its ni) ton aids Bioad foul Ihe ti let of tountr. colored bj this file is enormous being quite 20 pules in length bl from hie to 10 miles in width Hie d image caused by it has not been xei\ great With the cNception of it few funis it Kemsdale and Strath ( reek, it has I cpt on I the rmgos, burning timber und fences At night the town is quite illuminated bj the glitte During the daj the whole attnos phere is full of smoke it xull be i gleit relief to nil the resident- heie when run comes, is it is sunplj imjiossiblc otherwibc to cope with the lire KILMORE, Wednesday. .here is nothing fresh to report m con ncetion with the djsastious bush liles in the locihtj Last ei enmg being coo) most of the danger w is merita tow nels Bj lands on the Kilmore side of Wall m but this morning the wind changed again to the north, driving the fire into ficsh countiy It s still burning in Bj binds, and ton al eis Wallan Ali W Shanaliuii lost oiei 100 slieej) bj the lecent Bro at Alounl \\\ ii bum Numbers of cattle and sheep line been lonsted m the fires "' numeious in stances the btock being completelj hemmed in and li iving no possible chance ot escape so lapidlv did the lires truel On some estates tile sitht is a sickening one bun dieds of cucases being found in corners of paddocks whilst othei stock Ince been so scicielv burnt that it was found necessiuj to destiov the pool animal- to pul them out of their iniscrj WHITTLESEA, Wednesday. lui Hier particulars are to band of the (no at \i emir's Creek, winch show the damage to be greater than wau at first sup posed One resident, Air Smith, lost his house, fumitui-, 40 tons of haj, glass and fencing us well as i20 in notes, nothing being insured Mis Murph}, a widow, with six cluldien, lost all her pioput) »he mid the children just escaping J he orchards of Alessts Dtiipet, W P and D Aluipb}, Dodges, and Steel weie mole oi less damaged AU the gross dong the cicek md unges is binned md stock will line to be remoied Die he mest loss fills ou Alcs-rs M Phcc Alornson, Lodges Bndfoid, Cordill Alano, 1 obi), Al ison, Biennnn and I. lull m Ali Reid left his bu. gi bj the roadside mounted the liol se and rode to the assist mee of the beuters, but befoie he could return the flumes reiched the buggj, which was dcstroyid YEA, Wednesday. A fue which brol e out ¡it Glcnmoic, about 10 miles boiith of Aei list week, aided by high wind-, spread oiot t con biderublc aici of countn stnppuig it of griss and fences, and it ins not until Sun du that its progress na« st ned On the following di} i noient hot wind cuisod it to ug mi get out of control, mil much damage followed Great difficulty w is ex perienccd in sax ing the honieste ids of | Messrs. Woods and M. Walker, and, in ad- dition to these, Messrs. John Ilrankjin, Gemmell, Loan, and _1-fadden lost heavily. Thousands of acres of grass have boen de- stroyed, in addition to several miles of fencing. The fire is still burning, and will probably, give trouble until rain falls. 