Fi?t justitia ruta cslutn." rTHE t FRIDAY, MIIARCH 9 1900. a WuE. it was first mooted that these colonies should send troops to South Africa, there were a number who were opposed to the movement, and one of their pet arguments was that we were not asked for men, and some even went so far as to say " our boys" would be t the laughing stock of others. These individuals never seemed to tire of harp'ng on the same old string, and at 5 all times were prepared to cry .out about the expense incurred. .Fortu nately, however, th'e majority of the "powers that be" were not so narrow minded, and felt that we should esalst our "mother" in her trouble, even before asked to do so, knowing that the services of our men would be highly appreciated. There is no necessity to paint an orange yellow, or a tomato , red. Likewise we need not refer to the actions of our boys at the front-they speak for themselves-and : we are proud of them, and so pleased has the Imperial Government been that we are now Asxsx-actually asked, let those grumblers bear in mind-for an adli tional force of 2,000 men for general service anywhere in South Africa. Funther, the Imperial Government will defray the expense of arming, equip ping, mounting, and transporting the troops, and pay privates Is a day, and other ranks at proportionate rates. This should certainly be a "knock out" blow to the grumblers referred to, and is ample proof of the high estimation in which the Australiaons are held, and the manner in which their valuable services have been appreciated. WVe feel sure there will bea hearty response i to the call for men, and that no diffi culty will be experienced by Victoria in raising her p.oportion, viz. 700, and we can rest assured that when the time comes they will give a good account of 1 themseves. Nous rerrons. Tun local movement on foot in aid of the Nurses Fund is one which should commend itself to all. The salary h these noble women are to receive is a t, mere pittance, whilst their work will Is most arduous, and unceasing. In fact we can scarcely. conceive any idea of the vast amount of work the nurses will have to do. Not only will'tliey care for the constant flow of wounded anti dying-the results of hattles-.buit also those stricken 'dodin with fever, and diver diseases common in S'Suth Africa, and which are sure to. be prevalent in cricp. Their services will be required night and day, and we can rast assured their kind attention will be highly appreciated by those under their care, and the chances are they will be the means of saving the lives of f manynear and dear to us. They are not going kill Doers but to nurse " oiir t boys"-which is better. Let us thre e fore show our appreciation of the nurses' o action by doing a little to assist them, ' if it is only buying a Is, 2s or 3s ticket t for the concert in aid of the Nurses' t Fund, to be held in Morwell on Wed. nesday evening, 28th inst. We truit the movement will be a glowing success. Weare glad to bc abce to stcte that .£10 has been already advanced and dull forwarded to the Nurses' Fund, The Samount being acknowledged in yester day's "Argus" r AvTnovoc St. Patrick's Day has been gazetted a public holiday peoplle wishing to do business at the local stores will have an opportunity of doing so during the morning and also in tihe evening after sports. TnE deciding match between Mor well and Traralgon for Mason Medals will be commenced on Saurday, 24th inst.. and Nor 21st., as mentioned in our report of cricket match. 3MEssns. Mathieson and Davis report having conducted a very successful clearing sale on account of Mr. John Quigley, of Yinnar, yesterday. Coe?Tar.-In another column ap pears the programme of St. Patrick' a night concert, which Ihas every promise of being a great success. As we men- I lioned last week, Father Colman has c not. taken expense into consideration in providing the concert, and a special I feature is the fact that all the singers c are from Melbourne whece they are c popular. Local residents will conse quently have an oppornuniy of hearing t a "Melbourne opera" in Morwell. Every detail has been carefully arrangel by Father Colman and all i that is desired to make the concert a success is flue weather. 4 In consequence of being away from s home during past week, I will receive bf tenders up till Tuesday naxt, 13th inst, tc for clearing abont tfie acres of Morass i, lnud.-F. Kacig, Drifliell-[Avnrt .] I Duxrao the year 1899 there were 73 births and 17 deaths in the Shire of Morwell, Don'T forget Social to welcome Rev. E. Law to Motwell, cn Wednesday I evening next. THE BUSHMENS CORPS.-It will re quire a very careful hand to manage the Bushmen's contingent, for they are a set of men who will not stand any worrying. Several of their pecularities have come out in camp. They are men who will follow their officers any where if these officers know their work. The main things (says " Punch") is to have in the officer commanding a man "who knows their failings, and while keeping a steady hand on them, knows when to loosen out a little. It has been a great mistake the Cabinet meddling with the appointment of the officers. It would have been much more satisfactory if the selection had been left to the military commandant, for the officer would have been at once chosen, and could have been in com mand if the men at L.angwarrin. The men would have got to know him, and he would have got to know the men. As it is, the real reason. why C ilonel Otter is going as far as Capetown with the contingent is that the men will do any thing and go anywhere for him, and it may save some trouble arising. He will also be able to work themnup dur ing the voyage, and by: the time they cet to Capetown they ought to be ,vell in hand.. SSNAKEBITse.-A narrow escape from the serious results of siakebite 'was experienced on Friday last at Bulga by Richd. Moorfield, but prompt action by this veteran settler in .the hill 1 country had the: desired effect. Mr Moorfield was picking up some small 1 stuff abouit aoo yar-is from home, and when moving nears log he felt a sharp twinge in the calf of the leg just above his boot, He at once 'discovered the cause, for a snake was near at hand. Alter tightening the pantabove the two punctures he went into the house, and without mentioning the matter to his wife or anybody else he seized his razor and slashed away treely at the wound. The dark coagulated blood showed that the reptile had emitted poison, but as the natural blood began to flow he knew at once that matters were not serious, and that prompt measures had proved successful. Mr M'oorfield (says the " Standard") took.strong coffee and a little spirits, and although he felt a bit drowsy for the remainder of the day he was all right next morning; and now tells the tale as a pleasant narrative re experiences in the bush. I)EATH OF CR J. J. KELLY.--We regret to announce the death of Cr. J. J. Kelly, of the Rosedale Shire Council w hich took place at a .private hospital R in Sale on Saturday after a somewhat brief illness. Deceased was ex president of the Rosedale shire and an exceed ingly energetic public man, and the news of his death came as a great shock to a number of his friends, who were not aware that he was so seriously ill. Deceased was buried in the Sale. General Cemetery on Sunday afternoon and the esteem in which he was held R was evidenced by a very large attend. ance at. the funeral, which was the y longest seen locally for many years. S The councillors and officers of the Rosedale Shire and other public men were (says the "Times") represented. s The funeral ceremony was conducted: by the Revs. J. Synnott and M'Mahon. AN ,UNFORTUNATE TRIP.--To the sorrows of bicyclists there is no end, and the man who starts nut with one young lady, or many, on a biking ex cursion knows not what terrors, and tribulations await him. A young Mel. bourne suburban clergyman, with society leanings, started out on a long if ride to Gembrook, a Gippsland district, one day a few weeks back, accompanied by four young ladies, twoof whom were h bis sisters, fortunately. The excursion d was (says "' Atticus" in the Leader) a t great success until the district was reached, and then it went astray in the ' bush by.ways, and was lost in the dark. b A frantic search was made for a house, e but the road was rutty and rocky, and 1 presently darkness -came down and enveloped the five wheelers,. and with n it came the rain ;.not a simple shower, 1 but a de!uge, that promised to last till r the crack of doom.. The party took refuge in a big hollow tree, from which y the besieged made brave sorties, one ,f after another, inquest of firewood, and at length a good fire was set going, and those, five wretched people camped r there-wet, desolate, and wandering in an agony through she live long night whatever Mrs Grundy' would say. When day broke the bedraggled young I women and the mud-stained clergyman t resumed their hunt, and f3und to their dirgust they had camped within half.a mile of the homestead they were seeking. - - . t Ter RECENT BUSHFIREs. -Our Mel bourne correspondent writes :--The bush fires in .Gipplsland have been the cause ol much damage to property, personal suffering and loss, and worse than all the forfeiture of human life The losses of stock are reported to be very great, and although the damage is not as great as that inflicted by the fires of 1897, still there is no doubt it is extensive, and in many cases the settlers will be ruined. Public at'entionwas more emphatically drawn, to the'hush fires of z897, inasmuch as the beat all over the colony was intense at the time -Melbourne includedl-whereas while the fires have been raging in Gippsland this year the temperature in general over the colony has not been so very high for summer. Doubtless the burnt out families in Gippsland will need relief, but unfortunately the Patriotic Fund and the Melbourne Hospital Bazaar are already absorbing people's attentions anl charitable energies. This reminds me that I never heard of any steps being taken in the interests I of the people who suffered from the B3echworth bush fires a few months ago. It seems we can only do one I good deed at a time, and are much I better at concentrating our charity than t distributing it. We have done very well in the matter of showing our loyalty to the Empire both in the matter of sending men and money to the scene of action, and now might fairly do something for the sick and the poor that are at our very doors.: A Pesvn5asn natted Wilason called at Priket's store, Bealtba. on Mlonday evern-. inh,. n an*ked foir a little ta and srgar. which ?ewar ivrn tn him,. Uifore leaving I thle slie VWVilton su ri?ltlltte, an old coat, whlticrh hI ad wrap.rd into a p.per parcel, for a purel of IoUtr, stwhich haplpenesl to be lyinii on tht,, cttunt?r. Tihe man on toeieg arrearrsd by Conaablel Iveer* etated tlent it was done by misttake. Ie was, ei however, lodged in thie Dunolly lock-uip. • i: , James O'Sullivan was proceedled agaoot before the polieo magistrate at the Warr nambnool Court on Monday, for diob?ying the move-on by-law. Tile town council's solicitor prosecuted, stating that a poee of yonag men, led by the defendant, ha? conreateLd, oandconges ta d tnb foot trule. in Lirbig-atreat batareaa hlalf-pst 11 and 12 o'clock an Saturday night. The defence was that the alusea in the council's by-laws wes ultra vires, and Mr. Justico tlool's decision in a similar case under the city oft Meibourne by-law, of which the one proceeded under in Warrnombool wass a copy, was cited. .Mr. Mr. Cormack. P L.. said Ihe defendant had incitel others to break the law as well as breaking it himselfr, and inflated a fine of £2, with £1 3e ld costs. 'Ille Special VWar Numinber of " Review of IReviews' for February, to hand, is of special interest, and contains no loess than eighty illustrations in connecticn with thlu " burning question" of the day, amon which are excellent plhotoe of Lord Ioblerls, Lord Kitchener, Sir George White, Sir Redveroa Buller, Colonel Baden Powell, Major-General French, lMajor General Hector blDoniald, Major Kelly Kenny, Lord Methoen and varione tlher tBritish oflloers at the front. Also pholus of thie Ilas Major Eddy, Lieut. Roberts and W. J. Lamble. Some of the scenes dpei, tloll are most touching, esiecially so " Tihe Loft ilsenage," (a dyieg sol.ier writing Ilia last message). "A Mess:nger of Death" (tile beraeting of ai i'1l), and "The intercepted lessage" (a Katfir des. o chll- bearer lhot by ooer scouts), whilst amleng the stirring are " A Hot Cha.se,' (British Cavalary driving back a Door 1ulpol.t) t. A lbruh wj ih the Enemy," S' flow le inolrght eows' from aIteking" andl several othIre. An intoeesting characteraertchlf the two great ell lier \--Ruationt and Kitlhener-by W, 0. r Fi:ehtl is given. i"Tleo Ilirt ry of thia SMlonth," witlhin the colaniu deals wilth i many subijects, viz. : The war, and various r miltuer connected therewrill, colanihl drefances, Viltorian politics, federation, sea calles, drought, eto. 'Matters bleyond the colonie arle lso deslt will, and atto g lthr tile number is partiualarly good. The orllinary eleting of local iM.U,.O. O.te. lodge will be helb this evening. iTe ea.N.A.l mnees on Tuesday evening next. ' At ii meeting of the Presbt tory of Mel IourneSmlth hld0 vesturday, thie tev. C. ihy tallltr, of iVarragl,; was'grantJd Stive inlothls' leave of haeence from Ilia t duties to enable him to visit Europe. 5 A man named Thomasi Gmadd astonished tihe unficials of the MSlbournu Hospital on Monday night oy walking into tio casneally rllolm w.th a springy sutep, and annolneing that he had just fall n fron' a two-story window at lhis residence, Brunswick.street, Fitzroy. Gridd'e face exhibited a numler of abrasions. and excoriatlione, buit there was nothing in Ita appearance to indicate r that he had jist been subjected to a severn full. Ito said himself that the felt "all righ:," but added that it was "jjust as we 1 ton make sure." Iei wiae then examinedl carefully by Miss Ellis, MB.D., andt was found to be wholly uninjured, save for lln, slight sears on hi iaface. He walked off, abserving tilat Ie a"must be. made of indiarnbber." Two prisoners nanmed John Ryan andt Colin Cunphnllt, who were each sentenced at tile Sale Suprelme Court on Dtcelmber 19 last to 12 umonthe' imprisonment, witln hard labour and one flogging of lice lashesr for an offence against a girl under 16 years, wereprivately flogged at Pon a tridlge on Tuesday morning. IuroUft noD at Tinner, February 24tlh, 1000, by Mr. James McDonald-1 White Strawoberry Cow, J2 oant rump, like J2 off inbP, lop of oal nar, springing; 1 Rled Cow, white along ,ack andl el;y, JW off off rump,- top off ear t 1 Bay Gelding, black points, V off shouldea, sluenl star. 