I FULL COMPENSATION. A TALE OF TWO HEMISPHERES. ? * ? BY CAPTAIN EAST GRAY. CHAPTER L fis little wonder that hundreds of persons, oae-time sufferers ' from a variety of those ail-| ments which flesh is heir to, who have been remitted for a while to the health-restoring coasts of Devonshire, leave with a lifelong remembrance of its invigorating yet well-tempered breezes, as well as its inland beauties of scenery, and the nearly Hospitality ot its natives. In the little village of Pendene, which lies in a green valley sheltered by verdant hills, forming a sort of causeway to the coast some three miles distant, stood three ancient, small, but comfortable farmhouses; the inhabi tants of which could each boast of at least three generations before them occupying the same dwelling place. The three households had always been in more than neighbourly communica tion with each other, and although no matrimonial alliance had as yet re sulted from such intimacy, their mutual relations were of the kindest and closest character. The occupant of Broad Farm, one Eli Frayling, had married a woman of a class superior to his own, a native of Exeter, who introduced to the home stead a somewhat refined air, to which it had hitherto been a stranger. She was also as careful as she was able to put a home polish on the elemental teaching afforded by the village school for the benefit of her ttfo boys, Pierce and Leonard, of the respective ages of sixteen and twelve, who completed the family of the Fray'ing's at the time our story. opens. -On the opposite side of the valley Btood the Long Farm, inhabited by Silas Pratt, his cheerful and homely wife, and their only child, a son, about the same age as Pierce Frayling, and bearing — though not rejoicingly— the peculiar front name of Areli, which needs an explanation to be given presently. The last of the three farms, needful for our notice, was known as Middle Farm, the owner of which, Philip Blaydon, found it pleasant and con venient to have on either side of him such lifelong, staunch friends as Eli Frayling and Silas Pratt. He was a widower, with two daughters — Hagar and Doras — the former fifteen and the latter tan years of age. It is douiotful whether in any other part of England the seeds of Methodism has taken greater root than in the counties of Devonshire and Cornwall, one of the proofs being the wholesale appropriation of Scriptural — especially Old Testament names. This fancy seems to have descended from father to son, or perhaps more properly speaking, from mother to daughter, as it seemed to be the matron's privilege to select the Christian names for the children. This did not and does not always meet with the after approval of those who are so dubbed, many of the names selected being totally inappro priate to the character to whom they had been given. Eli Frayling, for instance, thought it a great grievance that he should have to perpetuate the name of a fond but foolish old father who, though himself a good man, was punished for his inability to control two wicked sons. So he determined in the case of his own children to make a departure from the rule, and with the full consent of his town-bred wife his two boys were christened Pierce and Leonard. Now, as to Areli Pratt, the parents were of the good old easy sort who thought that what had been good enough for their fathers should also be good enough for them. They deter mined, therefore, when their boy was born that he Bhould not only carry through life a real Scriptural name, but that it should have a special and desirable signification, so Silas was content to leave the matter in- the hands of his wife, who, for fully three ?weeks, complied literally with the in junction to 'search the Scriptures' before she triumphantly emerged with 'Areli.' Silas,' however, was not quite satis fied until Mary explained that after much patient research she had dis covered that the Hebrew meaning of Areli is 'heroic.' ' What,' said she, ' can we wish for better than that the dear boy should be a hero V Silas was silenced but not quite convinced, as he had a slight misgivirg with regard to the convenience of the name for everyday use. He repeated it over and over again, 'A-re, A-re,' until the sound seemed familiar to him. 'That'll do, mother,' he said ; ' his full name will allers be Script'ral, and a -good old English name is Harry.' So it was settled, but as the boy grew in years his mother lost no oppor tunity of reminding him of . the signification of his full name with the hope that he would strive to be a hero through life. Philip Blaydon had almost felt as if an injustice liad been done him when a second girl made her appearance -on this earthly stage, while his neighbours right and left were blessed with sons to perpetuate their names and inherit their land. But when his partner in life was removed from the earth, he had reason to be thankful that so far as household duties and fireside com forts went, his little maid Hagar — then eleven years of age — had been so well instructed by her mother as to prevent the necessity of calling in additional female help. With Phrcbe (the dairymaid) and her little sister Doras (called Dotty), Hagar felt as capable as she was proud to act as the youthful mistress of Middle Farm, and her father soon fell happily in accord with her arrangements. Perhaps it would be as well to favor our readers with a closer introducl ion to Hagar Blaydon at this period of her existence. We may describe her in general terras as a thorough specimen of a health}', bright-eyed buxom Devonshire beauty in the earliest dawn of blushing womanhood. In her manners free, but never forward. Her nut-brown hair lay full about her shoulders, and the part adorning her forehead was neatly parted in the middle, and had a peculiar wavy crinkle of its own as it stretched away back over her ears, indescribably charming, and befitting her noble face, hazel eyes, sweet mouth, and dimpled chin. Add to these advantages a good temper, an affectionate dis position, a graceful figure, and a lively temperament, and you have Hagar Blaydon photographed before you. No wonder that Hagar was the delight of her father's eye and the comfort of his heart ; no wonder that all the lads of the village strove to gain her favor, and made their own sunshine out of her smiles. The women, too, were equally smitten by her pleasing manner and pretty ways. There had always been a friendly rivalry between the Fraylings and the Pratts for the honor of her company. Association with Mrs. Frayling had given to her conversation a superior tone and a certain refinement to her manner. She was passionately fond of music, and as Mrs. Frayling was the possessor of a good piano, and perfectly knew how to display its powers, she was able to gratify Hagar's desire to learn, and it ended in her becoming as accomplished a performer as her kind instructress and friend. Fond as he was of outdoor sport and occupation, Pierce Frayling spent hours of an evening enchained to the side of the instrument, his eyes fixed on Hagar's sweet face, her 'voice thrilling through him, until she would become suddenly aware of his wrapt attention, and as suddenly close the piano, laughingly assuring him that if she continued playing he would become lost to the world altogether. Pierce's constant chum, associate, and schoolmate, Harry Pratt, was equally as anxious to be included in such enjoyment, although he did not possess the happy privilege of living beneath the same roof with a piano. He was equally as absorbed when he was favored to be present, until he got to look upon the face of Hagar as the face of an angel. It was becoming a dangerous enjoyment at a dangerous age for two such high-spirited, emotional lads as these to be brought into such frequent contact with the charms and the gifts of such a village queen as Hagar Blaydon of Pendene. From their earliest infancy these three had known each other. When wee tots together, never was little Hagar seen coming home from the dame school in the village without her attendant squires who took it in turns to lug her up in their arms and carry her over all the rough places, up hill or down hill, till they finally deposited her at the house-door of Middle Farm. When all the fund of educational information possessed by Dame Blake was exhausted, so far as the loving little trio were concerned, they were removed together to. the public school up the valley, to enjoy all the benefits which such promotion could confer. For some years, through summer's sunshine or winter's gloom, the small party went up the valley in company each morning, and down again each evening, Pierce carrying Hagar's books to school, and Harry conveying them home, often singing on the way one or more of the simple ditties taught them in the school hours. But now the time had arrived when these innocent pleasures of childish companionship were to an end. Hagar was called to take complete and permanent control of her father's house, and, consequently her opportu nities for association with her former playmates were considerably limited. Pierce and Hany were both tall and well-grown lads, although the former was the more robust of the two. All a Saxon in appearance, with light curling short hair, bold blue eyes, and a determined cast of countenance, he formed somewhat of a contrast to Harry, whose complexion was rather sallow, and whose features were of a melancholy cast. He was of a slow and deliberate disposition too, while Pierce was quick, sanguine, and passionate. Nevertheless, as Jonathan was to David and J.^avid to Jonathan, so were they to each other. CHAPTER II. Life on a small country farm, with its daily humdrum round of duties, and affording so little change as could be found in Pendene, could scarcely be anything else brut irksome to two youths like Pierce and Harry.- Especi ally the former, with his sanguine temperament, who had high notions of going out into the world and making i name for himself. These ideas were nurtured by the fact of his having spent two or three of his school vacations in Exeter with an old aunt of his mother's, with whom he was a great favorite. The bustle, life, and attractions of a great city suited his umbitiom wonderfully, and opened up to him a future hitherto unthought of. On the last of these occasions ho hod, procured an invitation for his in separable chum, and the result of that happy time was not only to afford endless foundation for reflection between themselves, but in the esti mation of the other lads of the village placed them on a pedestal as those who were to be imitated and respected, as having seen the world. Harry Pratt had always been the weaker vessel of the two. The affec tion of the boys for each other was not only perfectly mutual, but perfectly equal, only the energy of Pierce always took the lead, and Harry was content to follow on. Pierce thought their lives, if spent in such a place as Pen dene, would . be wasted. Harry adopted the same view. Pierce, who was a gi'^edy devourer of all and sundry in literature, pictured the beauties and advantages, the wonders and glories of lands beyond the seas, where men grow rich and become famous at very little trouble to them selves. Harry, with his chin between his hands, and his elbows on his knees, would look up into the face of his friend earnestly, and become an easy convert to belief in the supposition. More than once, too, he bethought him of his Hebrew appellation and his mother's frequent reminder, and would murmur gently to himself ' Areli, a hero ; to become one I must go out into the world.' Naturally, the out come of all this was not only to main tain his devotion to his friend, but to increase his respect for his opinion so much that he was ready to cast aside any pre-conceived ideas of his own unless they received the seal of Pierce Frayling's approval. And now happened an event which, serious enough in itself, was of more importance still in shaping the course of events as regards the characters of our story. It had been the custom of the two lads, dating from the early schoolboy days, to start oft* every Saturday, weather allowing, and make for the sea coast. A parcel of bread and cheese or bacon sufficed for their rough appetites, and the day was spent, first in enjoying a refreshing bath, and then in conversing with one or another of the dozen fishermen, whose cottages were scattered here1 and there up on the rocks. They early became expert swimmers, and now and then had the treat of a short boating expedition afforded by the good-natured fishermen, in return for which favor they would often bring them trifles necessary for their occupa tion from Pendene. Two years had elapsed mnce the first introduction of our heroes to the reader, when, on a hot Saturday morn ing, they sot out for their now time honoured jaunt, and arrived at their destination a Tittle later than usual. They were a little, heated, but quickly diyested themselves of their clothing lest the sun might prove too hot. Disporting ahoutand between the rocks for a while as usual, they swam out in company, when suddenly Harry gave- a cry, threw up his hands, and went under. Pierce instantly hastened to rescue him, and diving, brought him to the surface; He speedily found that his companion was insensible, and as the sea was rough, he called for help. Fortunately, they were seen from the shore, and a boat with two men hurried to their rescue. Not a minute too soon either, for Pierce was not only exhausted with his burden, but called out as the fishermen drew near, 'I'm bitten— help me!' The fact was, somo monster of the deep had I attacked them both, and the lads wore drawn' on board insensible. They wore soon carried to the shore, where a cart, which had cone out from Pendene, happened to be, and was about to return. Some fresh straw, oilskins, and other suitable material was laid at the bottom, and Pierce and Harry, who in the meantime had been undergoing the necessary treatment at the hands of the rough but kindly fishermen, were placed thereon. They regained consciousness almost simultaneously, but were faint from loss of blood. It was evident that the fish or reptile had first seized Harry by the leg and tried to drag him down, and would have succeeded had not Pierce been near enough to lay hold of him. The monster had then turned on the deliverer and torn a piece of flesh from his thigh. It is easy to imagine what (he ultimate result would have been had not the boat appeared, which no. doubt scared the monster from his prey. A mournful scene it was when after the arrival of the sufferers, each of whom were laid by loving hands on their own beds, the members of the t~hree families were alternately visiting the bedsides of their dear ones. The fleetest horse Pendene could furnish was far on its way to Dr. Peters, the medicine man of the district, and his advent anxiously awaited. General sympathy with the victims was mixed with gratitude for lives spared, and mingled with the hope that the injuries would not be serious. At length the arrival of Dr. Peters soon put doubts to rest. He declared that Harry's wound was comparatively a slight one, and in a week or two he would be as well as ever. The case of Pierce was a little more serious, inasmuch as it might afl'ect the hip bone. However, he thought time ami careful nursing would end in Pierce recovering his usual health and strength. In a few days, as the doctor had prognosticated, Harry was so well as to be able to get over to Broad Farm to sit by the bedside of the chum who hod saved his life at the risk of his own, but who would not hear of thanks. 1 You'd do as much for me, Harry, any day, I know, if it was needed. Say you owe it me if you like old man, and it'll be one of those debts we hope will never be paid, eh V 'Be sure, dear Pierce, if ever it should be needed, I would risk my life for you, and any sacrifice less than that would be only a trifle.' ?AVould it, Harry t We shall see.' How often do we promise in all sincerity to make sacrifices when if we only knew the nature of the service required beforehand our tongues would hesitate or be silent. For nine long weary months did Pierce Frayling pass — chiefly upon his couch — before Dr. Peters pronounced him convalescent. An intermittant fever had retarded his recovery. Dur ing all that time never a day passed but an hour or two of it was spent by Hagar Blaydon at his bedside. His choice flowers, fresh cut every morning, were placed in the glass holder and stood on his little table by the dainty fingers of Hagar, while her trim grace ful figure seemed to him like an angel of light as it flitted to and fro, bent upon some little arrangement which would give him pleasure. No wonder that the poor fellow at the impression able age of nineteen with his impulsive sanguine nature fell desperately — over head and ears — in love with hip life long playfellow and schoolmate, Just before Pierce was able to move i about, news came from Exeter that his great aunt, whose favorite he was, had died, and had left byAerjwill a. legacy of five hundred pounds to Tier1' nephew, Pierce Frayling, ' for his whole, sole, and immediate use, without any con dition or reduction whatsoever.' This helped on Pierce's physical improve ment immensely, and he pictured to himself a future of travel and success according with his born inclination. As if in aid of his desires, Dr. Peters advised, after his serious illness, a thorough change— even of climate if possible — which broke down any op position affection naturally created on the part of his parents to such a separation as it involved. It was ultimately settled that so soon as tame and circumstance would allow, Pierce should be gratified. Not long before the period we are dealing with, the gold fever had broken out in the colony of Victoria, Australia, and all sorts of wild stories, all the more attractive on account of the un doubted foundation of facts, were freely promulgated. Pierce Frayling read all this, and speedily made up his mind to try his fortune there. Apt to act on the spur of the moment, he felt that one important matter must be settled ere the change take place. One evening he purposely waylaid Hagar crossing from her own home to his, and familiarly taking her by the arm, turned her footsteps in another direc tion, and after a few paces, turned her about, and, looking her straight in the face, said : ? Hagar, I know you love me, but do you love me well enough to be my wife?' Hagar stood for a moment as if petrified, the suddenness of the ques tion so astonished her. Pierce then continued : ' I have frightened you, dear, but you know I am soon going away, and I can't go without knowing this. Say yes, or no V and then he took her right hand in his, and gent*;- removing her brown hair from her temple with his. left, awaited her answer. With a look of truth and innocence she then quietly replied : 'Pierce, dear, I cannot remember when I did not. love you, and if the feeling that I could not live without you means that I love you well enough to be your wife, then I can say ' Yes ' with all my heart.' The answer was sufficient, and Pierce walked in air. All the time of Pierce's illness his friend, Harry, had haunted his pillow, had anticipated his wants, and longed for something yet more to do to prove his .love and gratitude. He also saw, with a pang of jealousy, Hagar's at tention to Pierce, and almost wished he were the invalid. When, after wards, Pierce in a burst of old con fidence told him all his intentions, his sanguine hopes, his speculations as to his future, and, last of. all, his succes sive love, he could bear no more. He hurried away to seek a spot wher* he could give vent to his feelings. ' Why,' he asked himself, ' why had he not himself spoken sooner, for he knew Hagar also loved him, and the answer 'yes' might ateo have been his. Now, it was too late, and life for the future would be a burden. His mouth must be for ever shut. Never would he, must he, part with his secret. Never would he dun the joy of his friend's career. Did he not owe his life to him 1 Had he not vowed to serve him whatever the sacrifice f Truly was he soon called upon to verify the significance of his name, Areli ; he had to qualify for the title by yieldinj up the desire of his eyes and heart and none were to know it — to reman a hero unknown as such even to th( end. _. . . ??--.-... CHAPTER ITL Early marriages are not, or, at least were not, encouraged in Devonshire Mr. and Mrs. Frayling for a long tim- opposed the idea of Pierce entering intc such a solemn engagement and re sponsibilit;es at such an early age. Ai week after week went by, however, and the person chiefly concerned de clared that he had made up his mind to float his little capital in the promis ing, if not promised, land of Australia that he had promised to marry Hagai Blaydon, and she had promised to bf his wife ; that he could not think ol commencing a new life in a distant land without her, and yet that his perfect restoration to health required the change, they at last reluctant!) consented. The greatest opposition arose from Philip Blaydon, who could not think of parting with his chiei comfort, help, and solace in life, hit dear Hagar. The difficulty was a serious one until at last Blaydon him self solved it by resolving to sell hit farm and stock and cast in his lot witV the young people. His younger daugh tor, Dotty, would be able to look aftei him, and as to Pierce's parents, fchej had another son, Leonard, who was now getting old enough to take hif brother's place, while Silas Pratt and his wife would still retain their son, Harry, or Areli, as their mainstay. All this time the last- named youtb was suffering the pangs of disappointed love, and anticipating the separation from all and everything beside hit parents that he held dear in the world, He went about, melancholy of mood and manner, and sick at heart, while all around seemed too busy even to notice his condition. But time waits for no man, be he gentle or simple, merry or melancholy, and soon the day arrived when a party, consisting of Mr., Mrs., and Leonard Frayling, Mr. and Mrs. Pratt and Harry were on board the 'Bonnj Tarra ' at Plymouth to pay a lingering farewell to their lifelong friends, good Silas Pratt and his daughters, the elder of whom, a youthful bride of seven days, stood afterwards on the poop ladder with her right arm passed through the left of her husband, and her two hands clasped in each other, until the ship stood well out to sea, and ultimately became invisible. For fully five years after the great event recorded above, matters moved on much as usual in the quiet Devon shire valley. Very few strange either in features or fashion found their way to interrupt the even current of the lives of the residents of the village of Pendene. Harry Pratt's grief for his lost love did not kill him, but it increased his reserve, while the removal of Pierce took away the prop upon which he had leaned — perhaps too much— and taught him to look within himself for resolu tion and decision. Many letters had been received from Pierce detailing the movements of his party in the new land, and many a summer's evening in the porch of one or other of the farms, or in winter by the capacious and cheerful chimney corner, did the Fraylings and the Pratts, with their two sons, pay grave attention to the interesting items re corded by Pierce's facile pen, somewhat to the following effect : — First, their impressions, and inci dents connected with their voyage, and their safe arrival at Melbourne. Then, their journey up country through the bush — so unlike the green woods of Devon — and their stay and final settlement on some land near the borders of New South Wales. Next came a description of Blaydon and Frayling's selection near Bogles Gap ; the clearing operations — the difficulty of getting assistance owing to the attack of gold fever from which the colony of Victoria was then suffering, finishing for a time with the assurance that they were all well and happy, had a hundred or two acres under cultiva tion ; also two or three extensive paddocks with plenty of grass, with sheep to eat it, and taking it for all in all they were perfectly contented with their lot. -Some months then intervened, and a letter in a black-bordered envelope arrived to announce the death of Hagar'e father. He died rather sud denly, and left all his possessions to Pierce.- : Again a long period elapsed, and then came a very long letter telling of disastrous times having befallen them — continuous droughts, sheep disease, a. bush-fire, destroying standing corn, and a cloud of minor troubles, known, only to, but known well by many who, like Pierce Frayling, have left all eke to commence a new life with tolerably good prospeote. And now we find Harry with a doleful ditty from Pieroe to his father, reading to the usual audience the alarming statement that he, Pierce, had been obliged to borrow money largely of the banks, and was Almost hope lessly involved ; indeed, unless the then present season should prove a wonder fully good one, a preolosure would ensue, and they would have to leave Boglesflap hdimeless and ruined. Now awoke thie 'Blumbering reserve po^eir ihitherto hidden ? in Harry's br^^^.Se ^pictured, to himself the coidifaci of lusdearest friends as worse ev^lM^pfeally was. Pierce, his boy^oM'slaithtul companion, who had '***§&&$* 'ftfej; Hag&r;, whose; image was still his ideal of womanly perfec tion j the jputhful and lively Dotty, whom he had often nursed on his knee, to say nothing of the splendid boy who had been added to the little colonial family two or three years before ; these to suffer undeservedly in such a shape. The heroic spirit again awoke within him. Something must and should be done, and that speedily. Two years previously to this, Mr. and Mrs. Pratt, feeling they were getting into years, and knowing that their son had no inclination for farm ing, had resolved to sell. Just at this juncture when the letter from Pierce arrived conveying such alarming news, they had completed a transfer with most satisfactory terms, and found themselves with ample provision for the remainder of their days. Moreover, they had been laying aside for Harry ever since he was born, and this portion now, with interest, made a considerable sum. His whole soul being set upon rescuing his friend from his dilemma, he easily persuaded his fond parents to grant him the means, and heralding his coming with an en couraging epistle, took an early oppor tunity of starting for Australia. About three months after Harry Pratt had dispatched his letter to Pierce, the sun was setting behind some low hills which marked the termination of Blaydon and Frayling's selection, Bogles Gap, Victoria. Round the small, but neat and comfortable homestead, signs of life usual to a colonial farm were apparent, but one. must have been able to peep through the open door to discover Pierce Frayling and his wife sitting in serious consultation side by side, while Hagar's sister, Dotty, now a handsome copy of the former, was tr^-'ig to quiet the childish shouts hUi unties of a noble boy of four. Pierce had developed into a tall, broad-shouldered, bronzed wooHbnan, while sweet Hagar had scarcely altered in form or feature. But, for all that, care was setting on each brow, and anxiety filled the hearts of the loving couple as they talked of their future. 'All depends on to-morrow,' said Pierce, 'whether we go or stay, my darling, but it will seem hard to lose all after such a struggle as we havi had. I have to meet Mr. Strutt at the Bank in Hanglong at twelve, when he will pay me for the few fat sheep left me, and give me his best opinion ol what we should do. In the meantime, Hagar, dear, pray that this hut greatest calamity of all may be spared us.' Twenty miles had Pierce to ride th- next day to transact his business which might occupy an hour or two during which time his horse woulr. feed. Hagar would not expect him . home before dark, when he hoped to be able to see a way out of their difficulties. Punctually at twelve Mr. Strutt mei Pierce at the Bank and handed him over a bundle of notes, taking hit receipt in return. Pierce, while counting the bank-notes, dropped one, which was returned to him by a swarthy, coarse-looking man, in a drab billycock hat, evidently a rouseabout on a station. Pierce thanked him, but could not help observing his low for bidding-looking brow. Mr. Strutt, who was a large sheep owner of the district, felt an interest in Pierce and his fortunes, and sug gested a scheme which, in the event of his hoving to forfeit his selection, would still afford a chance of success in life, and Pierce set out on his journey homeward, his notes in his breast-pocket, with a lighter heart than he had felt for some time. Daylight was already on the decline, and Pierce was within about two miles of his own home, passing ,a gloomy piece of road with thick bush on one side and a deep gully, from which the place took its name, on the other, when a horseman suddenly seemed to spring up from the gully and seized the rein of Pierce's horse, at the same time presenting a revolver and shouting in a peremptory tone, 'Hands up! Quick!' Before Pierce had time to reply or comply, a dark figure ran from the bush on the other side, and presenting a revolver at the back of the first man, fired. The bullet evidently took effect, for the would-be robber fell headlong from his steed, the pistol flying from his hand on to the road. Pierce hastened to dismount and thank his deliverer. The light was hardly sufficient now to distinguish features, hut quite good enough to draw out simultaneously from the lips of the two men the exclamations^ 'Pierce! Harry 1' Wonderful as it may seem, it was indeed the hand of Pierce's old and dear chum that had thus so opportunely wiped out the debt so long owing, as well as gratifying the Hebrew signifi cation of his name ' Areli,' heroic 1 . The robber was recognised by Pierce as the man who had restored the fallen note in the Bank. He was shot through the shoulder and could not stir, but not mortally wounded. The police were soon on the spot, and recognised in Pierce's assailant the noted bushranger, Jack Hillton, , the perpetrator of more than one murder, and for whose capture the sum of one thousand pounds' reward was offered, and in due course received by Harry. ??* What a joyful home-coming for! Hagar; and what a surprise for Harry, when, after mistaking Dotty for Tier sister, he felt that after all another Hagar had been waiting for him in the wilderness. Little more remains to be said. Pieroe was rescued in time, for Harry insisted on his sharing the reward. 'It's true,' he said, 'if I had not been there you might have lost your life, but if you hadn't been there I should have had no one to shoot. Besides,' he added, ' we have always' been friends, and soon, unless Dotty objects, . we shall be brothers.' Dotty didn't objeot, and so the : selection, . the stock, and the home stead remained as before, with the addition of Harry's name as part owner, he having to the satisfaction of all paid 'Full Compensation,' ? — — . , THE SOLDIER'S JDttttJLJsfc. Faint and eore wounded the soldier lay, 'Midst shot and shell and deathly strife, And closed his eyes on the dying day, Dreaming of peace and home and life. Vanished the shouts and the hellish flame, The pain and terror of war's alarm, .;. And in their place a fair vision came, *'* Bringing a sweet and heavenly calm. 