A DISASTROUS VISITATION. EXTENSIVE GRASS FIRE. TWO SETTLERS BURNT OUT— WHEAT, HAY, AND GRASS DESTRnYKn fBv our SDecial Hcnorter.1 Adelajde people are accustomed to the sight of bush-firert ia the hills. Often in the midsummer nighxs they sec the reflection of a big blaze in the ranges. The city and sive damage done that citizens i«y but little heod when the burning clcmcn:t devas. tates mlks of hill country. It is usually only grass and scrub. Not co in the settled districts in the country. The smoke fiom a blaze miles away sends the »ct tiers out in ho: haste. They know some one is likely to be in danger of losin;:. if n.v his homo, perhaps a wheat crop, a hay Mack, or miles! oi fencing- 1'coplc from all the surrounding; neighbourhoods gather to fight the flames. T*e quicker they start the greater is tbeir | chance of sucvea?, and few there arc but know to their bitter cost the desolation that follows when, with a strong wind to lasten its course, a big fire gets beyond con trol. It has farm*, grazing ruddocks, ii-ad nomerito.uli, with all the fent injj. at ia mercy, and strupgje, aa the settlers -\o, apunst it, oft- times their efforts arc of little avail, ami the fire runs its course. In the city but little has been heard regarding the disastrous spread of the fire in the Mount Crawford, Rhine Val ley, and Eden Valley district on January 1 and 3, and but few csecpt those immediate ly interested know what ruin aod disaster resulted in a few hours on the first of the year. It was a veritable Black Wednesday tor many of the settlers. A few figures have been given of the acre? of wheat and grass swept away, but to realize the extent of the damage one needs to travel through the country, ami tee the m'les of land a few weeks ago comprising fields of waving grass, smiling wi'.h ripening com, now a* bare of feed and .is destitute of crops as a metal road. A representative of 'The Register' visited the scene on Satur day and Sunday. Eden Valley in tbe centre of the greatest damage, and making it my bead-quarters 1 passed through the various farms, which a fortnight ago promised rich returns, of from 8 to 18 Lu.-lie!^, and now swept as clean as if the cereal had never been plant ed. Mr. John Murray, the owner of the famous *'tud of Mermos, who was himself a heavy sufferer, ypared no effort to enable me to secure a knowledge ot' the true posi tion of affairs, and Mr. t. Murray drove me throughout the course of the devouring ele ment. A fund has been stand tor the re lief of those who have been reduced bo suddenly to a position approacliinfj desti tution, and it only uoed.« an examination ot the cijramst.anas to convince '?»nc th.it in many cues help is absolutely '.nvcsiury. Crops just on the verge of being reaped, and rich pa.ldotks oi gruas reprt^seutins in many cases a man's whole capital, quickly vanished into smoke, and, worvc than that, in two cjscs, settler* were en-, tircly burned out, their whole homesteads beins destroyed. In other cases portions of their bouses were consumed, and unfor tunately in those instances the rooms which contained the most-needed articles were those which the nre seized upon. Oi course it would be impossible to restore a nun's crop or his gram, and tee fencing may be a question between landlord »nd tenant— most of the land in the farming area was Tinted— but pressing necessities must be met. The neighbours arc und flare shown kindness towards the sufferers which cannot be sufikiently praised. Mrs. John Murray, the Lady Bountiful of the district, immediately sent bedding and dotbiog and othsr necessaries to thoee who had loA everything but wtat they stood in, the Rev. D. Davis, the Baptist minister, busied himself in asccrtaiuimj the needs of the people, and every one who could has helped their unfortunate neighbours. Ad joining owners hive granted j-a$turage for stock— in some instances the animals have had to be sacrificed— and already tlie fund raised in the district— only started laat Sa turday—amounts to nearly ioO. This, with the amount raised by 'ine Register,' u not nearly enough, .in eatimiU: has been made that 20,000 acres of wheat and grass and 100 miles of fencing was destroved. When buildings, haystacks, and machinery ore reckoned, Uie total damage must run into some thousmds of pounds. No one coidd be fully compeiwaied for bis toUl loss, but be could be tided over until the grasG grows ugaiu, and he can once more stock tne land. Jbven now it i* diiheult for the people to estimate the extent they have suffered, but the District Council of South Rhine has accepted the -ask ot distribut ing the funds according to the needs of the people. The Councillors arc anrewd buta nes men, well acquainted with the circuni stancec and extent- ot'lo*» of caehindm doil. Thvy will make diligent enquiries concerning each, case, and the funds cutru» ted to them will no doubt be wisely ex pended. There is no crying out on the part of the losers for assistance. The men who have suffered arc sturdy, indepen dent, hardworking settlers. They have put their shoulder to the wheel to make a fresh start, but wh:n ail their hay, wheat, and other things, representing per haj* on a«set against a year's liaUiiiita;, have been so s-uudenly taken away they have been reduced to a plight which du manda assistance. A ilEMOltABLE EXPEKIEXCE. The lirst outbreak of the lire was ou January 1, in tlie .Mount Crawford district. It then spread over u large area of country, burning thousands of acres of grass and miles ot fencing, but no farms sutferca. Towards the evening the beaters gained the u|-]-er hand, and the next day it was regarded as sale. On Wednesday, how ever, the fire broke out in the inoraiiig in two or three places. It was the woibt day possible for a conflagration; a hoc wind blew from the uorUi-west, shifting to the south- west, and all day the wind increased' in fury. Bram-hes of trees and telegrayh-posts came crashing to the ground belore the gaJe. With deep grass and dry wheat crops to feed upon, uud a giilc to fan them, tne flames travelled over the cuutriry at a I'urious rate, 'ihev gained such headway that no one could 'stand iu front of the roaring clomeut. Beaters were driven bock, and at times the lire rac ed over country faster than a horse could gallop. In places the men, valiantly strug gling to combat it, had to lice lor their lives. They would be lighting in one place when suddenly tbe fire would catch the grass behind them, and they had to da«b through to escape. Roads u chain wide, which usually cause a break, were us no thing, and in parts the dames leaped ovvr the road and caught the grass again 70 yards beyond, leaving an uninjured inter vening patch.. Before finishing at the Mount Crawford district it robbed 3Ir. William Gilbert of between 3,000 and 6,000 acres, Mr. ^uurray Dawson of 2,500, Mr. A. J. Murray of 1,400, and Messrs. Uebhardt of the same area of gras3. It left those fields fenceless und as bare as boards, but the gnat damage resulted when it passed into the South Rhine district. At about 10 o'clock iu tbe morning the wind wa- driving it fast and furious towards Spring ton and Mount Pleasant, and had it con tinued in tbat direction much more da mage would have been done, but the gale changed its course, and s-.-nt it straight to wards Eden Valley. Leaving Mr. Gil bert's paddock, it entered the fanning dis tricUs, and the havoc was terrible. About 1 o'clock it was fully sis miles away, but au hour later it was close to Eden Valley. Dense clouds of smoke enveloped the coun try for a mile ahead of the flames; the wind was howlinj: furiously, and away in the distance could be seen a wall of natue quite 3 ft. high, lapping up all wheat, gra.°s, ami fencing in its way, burning fruit trees like tinder, roaring up hollow gum trees, and scorchinz every one it passed. The furze hedges bfazed and crackled like deal, throwing out an intense heal. The air was thick with leaves and bits of burn ing woo-l and straw. Xo one Knew where it would catch next. To stand in fron: was impossible. It was foolhardy to ri4 close quarters. AU the men from the township and from the surrounding neigh bourhood? hastened out early in thv mom ing to get it under control. They fought to the last, but back they had to come with the furnace dashing alter them an l.:st as they could run. A wagon party had a ?narrow escape. Messrs. O. RoesJler. C. RocsDcr. A. Pampa, A. Pinson, and Snrf ling were out about two miles helping to stay the proire*.s of the flames, but the firu surrounded them, and thev made a dadt for it along a cros3-road. Mr. G. Roesllcr lashed fhc horses into a caUop, but the flames were too quick, lie had to pass dose to the burning country, and the nearer horse was singed and burned, while he himself had all the skin roasted off his inn. It was only when they reached a s^ecp incline, and the horses galloped at re cora pare, that the party eraped. Thoy raced for the township to save their pro perty, hot they were too late, as Mr. Rocsller'a haystack was burning when they jumped out of the vehicle. Mr. W. Daviy. the mnildriver from Mount Plearant to Eden Valley, was warned when leaving the former place to be careful. Nearrng the valley his hones stuck up, re fusing to face the smoke. He, however, got through, and reached home only in' time ! to .save his stable. -About 3 -o'clock the! fixe was in close proximity to the township. I It was still travelling on at a fearful rate, ; but it had separated into several branches. : Moch depended on the road from Spring- ! ton to the Valley. Had it crossed that on the south of ibe township- it would have taken a course straight through Mr. John Murals, property, and tiwn gone partita ranges to the Murray Flats. The southern end of the tire, however.' had decreased ia energy by the time it reached the rond, and stopped there. But the township it-clf was not safe. The blaze was approaching to wards it from the west. Most of the men were away, bat tbe women turned o'ut', and Eden Valley has cause to remember ihcir exertions toat day. They worked an hard as thu mcu. Ladies uot accustomed to hard work were out fighting at dangerous comers until they citiwr conquered or w._-ro draped away, and those who could not face the flames were braving the nVrc*, hoi wind and showers of burning leives. tak ing refreshments to the men. The llani-*a advanced right tlown to tlie back oi thu houses on the main road, tucking up eagerly everything consumable, but ju.-t at the ciiw cal time the wind i-!io;-i-cd round. It carried the flames to thu north, round the township, straight to tlie e-st, and the t.wn was safe. Many hundred acres went in the early part of thneveninjr. but ibe wind after sundown, steadied and died away, anA at 10 o'clock al night the lire was stopped in Mr. Murray's property, alwut .-ix miles on .-a of tbe township. Jt,. had travelled about twenty miles lrom point to point, with an average width vi ah.Mit two miles, li. left behind it twees which will take years to remove. Xo fire known previously in the district has done to much damage. .V ARROW ESCAPES. . The people on the confines of the agricul tural settlement met the full force of the blast. It tame as a huge devouring ele ment, about two miles wide, fast upon them, almost without' warning, through Mr. Gilbert's paddock.. Mr. J. A. Dodgson, who lost bis house and furniture, lives oji the Mount Crawford side of the road from Angaston to Springton. He saw the fire ap pearing, but it was miles aifay, and he did not realize any danger. He had raked away all the inflammable stuff from around bis house in case it approached. Just after dinner the smoke became too dense to see where it was, but & gust of wind revealed it some distance away. He started out to stop it, but was driven back to- la* home, which -was doomed. The fire -came to his clearing, and then sparks front - burning log thirty yards away dropped oo the thatch of the roof, and all hope was gone. His brother, who was unwell, had to be dragged out, while' Mrs. Dodgsow rushed into ute burning place to get 'come money belonging to the Baptist Church, of which Mr. Dodgpon is Treasurer. She saved that, and then tried to *-cure a volume which the Church ihad {riven Mr. Dodgson la»t September for services rendered, but she vrru* too late. The whole place was in flames, and all the owners cculd do was to look on. Two rooms and contents were entirely destroyed, but a third one of gal vanized iron escaped. All Mr. Dodgson nod left when the.iiro [iiucdns what was in that room. Besides (he house be lost a galvanized-iron shed, fowlbouae, pig sty, woodheap»,and 2 tons of hay and lewis. He had a number of apple-trees killed, and when inspected on Sunday apples roasted as well a* if they bad' been in the oven could be picked off the trees. Mr. Dodgson estimated his loss at £60, beside* tibe things outside. 'People,' «wd he, 'have been wonderfully good to me, and 1 nave received kindness from- those to whom I could not look for -it, and. from my immediate friends .such -as I could never expect.' . ' Mr. Dodgsoo-'s, -aae is-j» bad one, for* he cod ? his wile aro old- people, and ' they have practically lost -all .they: poyieMed ex cept what they wore. On the same side of the road is Mrs, Rogers s property, and die also had to bear thefull-l'orce of the flames. 'When if had/parsed she- .had lost 300 acres of' grass, 10 acres of whefct, a stack of bar of about 15 tons,' and about four miles of fencing. On the other side of the road the flames went Into the farms of Messes. ' Crane, H. Rogers, Ghappd, and Porter. Tacy adjoined the track on the side near est to Eden Park, and the fire swept through their properties, leaving bnhind land destitute of feed or crops of any de scription. Only the big jgums. survived the fiery ordeaL ' Mr. Crane's eons in Hie morning went out towards Mount Craw ford, but tbe father stayed borne.. His fi*st indication of danger was when the fire Was four miles away,- and -twcniy minutes after wards it was roaring among his wattles. His sons returned just as the flames readied the fence, but thev could only stand and watch the ruin. Tney feared that the out buildings, haystacks, and hou«c would be lost, but a patch of green maize inter vened, and the fire was stopped in its pro gress towards the building*. It, however, passed 'round on cadi s'nc, and whenit had gone through six or eight miles of fenc ing, ;0 acres ol wattles, which the owner estimated at worth £6 or CJ per acre, 700 acres of grass, and 30 ecres of wheat, expected to yield 8 bushels, were con sumed. Mrs. Rogcrs's stacks and stablci were also protected oa the dangerous side by a crop of maize adjoining the 'roac., uvcr which tic iim pawd, and in tins cut ahw the grccu crop proved' the talvation of the other. Her next-door neighbour, Mr. Chappel. was singularly unfortunate. He carried the bedding and clothing oui of his hoaec. and put them in tbe gar den, and when the flames went by they left the house untouched, but the garden and all the goods placed iu it were tlestroyed. .. The southern ertre niity of the conflagration caught the pro perty of Mr. Porter., and he was one ol the worst suiTerprs in the district. Some time before the flames lvached him neigh bours bad a--acmblcd to guard the premises, but it proved almost in vain. Seven men made desperate efforts. The fire, however, came tearing down a hill, leaping great dis tances, and catching ever}' thine inflam mable. First of all 'the woolsJied, a »i.on- building with thatched roof, went, and once that was alight there was little clwincc of saving the rest of- the oulplaces. Fight as the men did, they could not stop the progress of the flamrf. The fierce wind to&ax;! burning masses from --bed to Sited, until in a few minutes all were alight, and iu about half an hour all were a t-moulder inj mass of ruins. The buildings destroyed included 4 woolshed, sheds for wagons and farmin; implements, barn, stable tor seven Iwrse*, etaifi.ou-se. in wjich were a chaff cutter, winnower, and mower: and bcsidei *.!-.tit Mr. Porter lost alwut 55 acres oi stjn/l'cg crop, eslirautcd to go 11 busheU to the acre, JG bag* of oat*, 400 acres .ol tra=-', 10 tons of Iwy, and Gvc miles oi feacinb'. Mr. Porter was doubly unfortunate, for in another pnrt of the district. tbe fire destroyed a live-roomed empty stone bouse nud dairy, 100 acres of grass, and an acre of garden. Tbe other omiuicr nexl to the road was Mr. Harvey Rogers, -who lost hcjvily, and it was a wonder nis whole house was not entirely burned. In the fields he suffered to the extent of 100 acrci of grass, 50 acres *f wheat (which was re turning 9 bushels' to the acre), about £3 worth of bay. a number oi fruit-tree*, oim and a half miles .of fencing, and one mile ol wire-netting. Mr. Rogers was busy beating the flames oack from one approach to tlie house, when the fruit garden on the side of it suddenly caught alight, ami before h« could do anything further the kitchen wji ablaze. It was only separated from the rest of tbe house by a narrow passage, but the rest of the buildings were saved. In tiie kitchen, however, were 'all bis tools and harness, which were entirely burned. The hardest ca«c of tlie lot v.-us that of Mr. T. Trcinleit, an old firmer. He had been unfortunate, and his land had passed away into other hands, .--o that instead of being owner he was only looking after it for *omc one ebc. He, «owcver. had all his furniture and carpets let't. and lived in a six-roomed house with hi.« v.ife and daughter. When the fire was a conside rable distance away he went off to Mr. Por ter's io a-M9t»t in protecting his property, little thinking that- his own place wouid be entirely devastated. His wife and_ daugh ter staved at home. Early in the afternoon tjiey observed the fire cornlnc in their direc tion, but they hoped against hope, and hone was of no avail. The appearance of the huge jrumtrccs in the neighbourhood show. «1 t'nai the flames were fiercest in that direction, and they raurt have itrav-jlled om th.Jt particular part at a terrible speed. ?'Almost without warning.' said Mi-s Treralctt, 'the dairy, then U-e smWrs, aud then the Imusc caught fire. In a few ino inents all the buildings were burning fu rioufly. We could do nothing. f- I rushed into my nxmi, picked up eom? ilothin^', and with my mother fled. As it was, we had to run thro'ip.!i the flames. There was ju*. a narrow oiM-nini through which we es caped to a neichhour'.-1. and when ive look ed back there wan our Iromc a burn ing ma.**.' Mr. Tremlc-t.t pracrimllv losl nil he' possessed. The money hr» lm-l, about £8, was burnt, and -the only things left were the clothes Iin and his family were wearing. Ho had a wd home-earning. Lille knowinzof what was in front of him. he l#ft Porter's, after the fire had prs«cd, and proceeded towards his h^usy. (m the v:ay be found burning loss rcstin; arain« an old hut. He rescued that habitation from destruction, and to-day that place is the only shelter he and hi* family haVe. Cicring on, he found bis house «'ntirt-ly .de stroyed, only the wall's remaining. In le.ir and 'trepidation he approached, not knowing whether hi* wife ana dinshter had lx-cu cjucht in tie flames. But they were oafe. and father, mother, son. ami daughter were united, -with c»-crj*thiag they possess ed, except what they wore, drstxoved. Two hundred pound.', he says, would 'not cover bw loss. Mr. SwUt, who holds the land, had 16 tons of hay, winnowing machine, SO acres of gratis, two mile* of fencroc, and a number of frmt-tma burnt. Mr. Thomas Lyddon experienced a narrow escape from losing his house. Tlie fire swept through the property, destroying 2iO acres of grass, about 60 acres of wheat, which was going 13 bushels to the acre, and four oiks-rt fearing, Jhe&ncfrbM; Iiassed by, everything that was left seemed safe, when a spark from a burning tree 100 yards away dropped on the thatched roof of his kitchen, and in a few minutes it was blazing furiously. The rest of thu building and out-prcmiacs adjoining had a marvellous cs-tai*. All the roofs were of straw, and the lious: was only a few feet from the burnins kitchen, Imt by throwing wattT on. tliwu whenever they caught fire the oilier buildings wore Kived. Among tin- oilior surlcrcr? were Mr. -i. Mertina. who li»M- 8(1 am;.* of piiiss, islxiut 80 bags ol wheat. 10 tuns of hay, a flicd, and dairy, with all iicco.«*ary utensil*, a ntianlily of clothing, ynd 70 rhains of fim-ing; Mr. U. Uoesllir. with 110 aens i.f graj*, 80 bags ?-f wheat, winnr»wiuy-in:ichinp, oue straw .stack, r.nc mile of f'.nring; Mr. (i. Itoesllci, 70 acres of ltjes, about 80 hags of wheat, one and a half miles of fencing; Mr. J-. Pumpa. 30 acres of grar«, 30 charm* of fenc ing; Mr. M. Pumpa, 270 »-rre» of ;ra«-, JO acres of vluvu, 15 inru of bay. 22 young V'P'. one milo of fencing; Messrs. Meller & Ganfden, about 280 bogs of wheat; Mr. R. Stanley, 80 acres of grass; Mr. R- Smith. 40 acre* ot eras?, one and a half miles of fencing; Mr. H. Schoitz, shed, with tools; Mr. W . Bar tholomaeus, 40 acre* of grass and fencing: Mr. \V. Hartwig, 80 acres of crass and fencing. Nearly all these people suffered before the fire reached Eden Valley, but when' the flames took a cource to the north -rf the township they burnt up 200 aercs « Mr. J. Thvcr's and COO acres belonging te Messrs. J. & W. Beggie. At one time Mr. A. Lillecrapp'n house was in danger. Tlie fire wan warded off that, but it was not prevented from going through the run and eating uo 700 acres of grass. 30 acres of wheat, and mx milcn of fencing. When there was danger of pie fire crowing tne road south of the township and traverrinc Rhine Park Mr. Murray nnd hif» son got all the rtud Merino sheep tocethct/ Porno were put in- one placa of Fafety, mile % flock of the others was driven to tbo tennis court, where the young ladies of the. house hold watched. Fortunately tbo flames were stopped in that direction, «o thero was no fear for the fchrep; but they entered the property at another place, «jd before they had been finally extinguished the,; had burnt about 2,000 acres of' splendid grass and several miles of fencing'. MEETING AT SPRIXCTON. Oa Saturday evening a meeting of the residents of the district wus held at tbo Springton Council (Jiambcr to efoiwidcr tiw matter of raising funds for tne zencf of tha raffexerx. The Chairman of ihe South Rhine District Council, Mr. C. TmUis, pre sided, and there was a largo attendance of tesidents of the surrounding districts. The Chairman said be regretted the ne cessity for such a meeting. .Many settlers had been burnt one and were in want of )«oduce ami clothing,' and he hoped as : Uw result of the meeting sqmcthing would be done to benefit the sufferers. Mr. John Murray toid be had suffered somewhat by the fire, but he wanted for himself and on behalf' of thone who liad escaped to express thanks to thoee who had heartily and in an onnliunastic manner assisted to fight the fire. Although tbe Iom bad been great il wo«Ad have been much greater had it not been for the exertion* of those who, despite;' tbe great heat, had worked to combat tbfeiflames. . ? ?? Mr. F. Thomson said it was thecenenil consenmis of opinion that the District Council should have .control of the fund which was .being raised. He tberefors moved— 'That uie ' District - Cbnneu ot Sow* Rhine act ai Vcwmnittec to deal with the amount nfcfcd, and distribute the money to those in need.'/ He was pleased to acknowledge the handsome donations which had been received. Those neopl* who had escaped shook! readily- asmat, be cause tad the wind not' changed Npringto* and Mount Pleasant would have been 'm^ lTSodfree«econded ihe motion. He with others had gone to the fire, and he thought it was die duty of every one who nw smoke to aaaist to putit out. He was delighted to we bow many people tamed out to heli-, and he noticed that rcndenti from aa far away, as Tunslffllo bad as sembled to fight the flames. - The Chairman said tlie Council would 1m pleased to tale chars* , of i the money. It would get reporto fflom aU parta and pay away the money in accordance with tlie needs of the individuals. Carried. ' The Rev. D. Doris add he mi acquain ted with all the people .who bad suffered them. From what he had been told he had prepared a list of the losses: In 17 cases out of 19 he bad the word of the sufferers for tho information in mpard to the damage sustained by tiera. It must be understood that the men did.not rive the parUculara in any pegging »-pirit. rbcy bad been ex tremely unfortunate, nnd theywere too in dependent to auk 'for help. Besides the ncjaes h» b*d r*ad there were others who also bad lw* aevcrcj) . The Chairman pointed out that ilr. A. J. Murray had referred to the tire on Janu arv J, and it muut be understood that the subscriptions would go to the sufferers of both fires. It would be necessary to oli tain particulars in reference to the damage done by the lire on January J at Mount Crawford. „ . . , _ , Mr. 11. A. Giles said that spcual efforts would be made in tho district to raise funds. The people could depend upon the Council Joing justice in each ca.*\ The Councillors luicw eaeii man. ? and tbey would »cc thev were not imt-o*cdf upon. Mr. H. Cooling moved— 'That a commit, tee be appointed to rqwrt u|«m all cases oi damage.- ilr. Davis had done spod ser vice, but he admitted that the staterii- .-'i. i ' came from the incu tbeiiuelvcs, and if a committee were .appointed they : could '.tho-; roughly investigate each report.' ? '; ' Air. Thomson thought the nutter could be belter left in the hands of the Council. Mr. A. liohrlack seconded the proposi Mr. (Jilts said the Council could be safely trusted to carry' oat tne question, and he moved as an amendment — 'That the mat ter be left entirely in the hands of the Council.' ilr. Thomson weanded the amendment. The amendment was carried. A rote of thanks to the Di.4rict Coun cil- for taking up the matter, and to 'The Hesrister' for (sending a reporter to the sceue. was carried. The following donations were announced at the meeting:— Messrs. A. J. Murray, 112, in^ addition to previous donations; John Murray; £10 extra: H. A. ?&!«; £10; J. Darker, £5; F. Barritt, £3; W. Royal. «; (i, Iliillis, £5; E.Xaubc, £3; T. Fn)wpod,t £ttatd 2 bags' of cocky cuff; ? : KacbeT;' £1'; T. Descovlteb, £1 U.r *H«. Cowling, £1; A. Robrlack, £1; R. Godfrec. 10 bap cf wheat and 1 ton of bay; F. Thomson, cocky chaff, 1 bags of wheai, and half a ton of bay; G. Dragemuftr, 1 bag of wfatet; 1 load of chaff, and straw; W. Forrest, 5 bags of wheat, cocky chaff, and straw, and free use of 150 acres of grass; J. F. Miller, 1 bag of wheat; H. Drage muiler, 1 bag of wheat; C. Scbultz, .1 b-g 