N&RRACOORTjB.; (From our own Correspondent.) February 5. On Sunday afternoon the Narracoorte Masonic Lodge held a Masonic service in the Institute Hall in aid of the Transvaal Patriotic Fund, The weather was very hot, but; notwithstanding this about 800 people assembled. The members of the Lodge to the number of about 30 were in regalia, and occupied seats on the platform. A choir composed of members of the various churches and an orchestra provided the musical portion of the sareioe. The Rev. S. J. Bloyd, the Lodge chaplain, who conducted the pra> ceedinge, gave an eloquent patriot address. Mrs, Roach Bang the solo "He shall feed His flock" (Handel), and Mr. J, L, Lewis Bang . 0 Lord! be Thou my Light" (0. Glover). The ohoir also rendered anthems. The offertory amounted to £21 10b. id The annual meeting of the subscribers to the Institute was held on Tuesday evening, Mr, A. Caldwell presiding. The report and balance sheet were adopted. They showed that the number o! subscribers during the year had bees 90, and the number of books in the library were 8,204. The Building Fund overdraft was reduced during the year from <6108 48,3d to £93 108. The credit to the General Fund stood r.t £24 Is. 7d. at the end of the year. The following officers were elected Pre sident Mr. A Wallace j Vice-President, Dr. A. R. MacMi lan ; Secretary, Mr. A. Ca'd well; Treasurer, Mr, E. £, Davies; Commit teemen, Messrs. B. Heggaton, L. DeGariB, L. Walters, J. Magarey, and B, S. Roach The weather is hot again. Sunday was a most disagreeable day, but towards evening it got cooler. To-day ia warm again. The list for candidates' siguitures for the Mounted Rifles Corps, which it iB proposed to form here, is filling up. About fifty have uow signed, so that the corpB will commence with a full Bquadron. An inquiry is being held to-day into the cause of the bush-fire which did a good deal of damage to homesteads near the town last Sunday, week, The jury are inspecting the place thiB morning, and will hear the evidence this afternoon. OE Fridny evening Mr. 0. Giles, M.P. Manager of the South Australian Farmers' Union, and six of the Directors, held a public meeting in the District Council Chamber, There was a very meagre attendance, and all that was done was a short address by Mr. ililler, Chairman of the Direotora, on "the object of the Union. A discussion took place una statement made by one of the audience that the Narracoorte farmers who shipped their wheat home last season had received a better t^rica than the Union farme-s did. I under stand that Mr. L. DeGaru has been appointed agent-for the Union here. On Saturday Mr. Giles and the Directors visited the Oaves. refe the of f cow priv the: thai Byn 8001 free thai bet frot "S Mo 