OUR MELBOURNE LETTER. DEATH OF TWO SUCCESSFUL IRISH COLONISTS, MUNIFICENT BEQUESTS TO CATHOLIC AND OTHER CHARITIES. DISASTROUS BUSH FIRES. ANOTHER POLITICAL CRISIS. . (PBOM OUR CORRESPONDENT.) From almost week to week the pleasing and signifi cant record has to be made of the practical evidence, of the marked success of one or more of our Irish Catholic colonists of the farming and middle classes. The fact remains. Irish brainB and Iriah muscle, given a fair field and no favour, prove them selves equal if not superior to the best of the yeo manry class of other nationalities It is useful to repeat this statement from time to time, .as the opponents 01 Irish genius are never tired of repeat ing the contrary, which latter gratuitous assertion, however, will not stand the test . of history and experience. One may be allowed a slight digres sion here to throw a sidelight of immediate interest on this point so honourable to the Celt and his descendants. Last Saturday's Melbourne Punch had several poinfs anent the South African war, and quotes the observation of Mr. Graves, M. P., that, 'with the exception of two Highlanders, all the Generals under the English flag are Irish men.' Of course, the funny man of Punch could not allow the opportunity of taking off the Irish soldier to pass, but in doing so he is forced to admit the supremacy of Irish tact, strategy, and bravery in the management of large masses of armed men.f} But to return to the subject under notice, Pro bate is being sought to the will of Lewis Byrne, late of Ranelagh-house, Byrneside, gentleman (fanner). Testator made his will on November 18, 1895, and died on January 8 last, leaving real estate valued at £8178, and personalty valued at £7050.' He bequeathed £50 each to the Brigidine Convent, Echuca; Mercy Convent, Bendigo ; and Little Sisters of the Poor Home, Northcote. Lewis Byrne was a typical 'fine old Irish gentleman,' who never separated the twin interests of Catholicity and Irish nationality. Having taken up a large holding of first- class agricultural land in the rich valley of the Goulburn River, he there reared up a. family which may be said to constitute a centre of Catholic religious life. He did not wait, as some do, till the last moment to make a settlement for the manhood and womanhood of his household, but gave each of them the means to do for him or her self, as the case might be. Hence he had the satis- ? faction of seeing his sons in a fairly good way of: advancing their prospects. Some of them he placed on the land, others in professions, such as bank* officials, &c; The name of the railway station, which adjoins Tatura, was changed from Baldwin* ville to that of Byrneside, in honour of the veteran yeoman of the district. The members of the family have now over £15,000 for division amongst them in equal shares, in addition to the liberal allowances made them during the lifetime of their grand old sire. One of the sons, Mr Gerald Byrne, is a member of the local Irrigation Trust. The second name on the roll of honour this week ia that of ' The King of Maffra ' (Gippslard) as the late Mr. James Joseph Gibney was wont to be called in that district. Deceased died childless on! 21st December last, his wife having predeceased him,; leaving estate valued at £8223 6s 7d, being £4045 personalty and £4178 6s 7d realty. After bequeath ing a few small legacies to his relatives and to charities in Ireland, testator directs that the residue of the estate be divided equally between the iol lowing charities : — Little Sisters of the Poor, Northcote ; Melbourne Hospital, Convent of Good Shepherd, Abbotsford ; St. Vincent de Paul Boys' Orphanage, South Melbourne ; St. Vincent de Paul Girls' Orphanage, South Melbourne ; St. Joseph's Home for Destitute Children, Surrey Hills ; St. Vincent's Hospital, Victoria-parade ; St. Ignatius' Church, Richmond; and St. Mary's Church, Maffra. The deceased gentleman was a generous benefactor of the Sale diocese. One instance may be cited, jjvJz., the gift of a handsome marble altar for St. aMary's Maffra, where he often served at Mass. Yet another son of Erin has crossed the bar, as modern parlance has it. Mr. Matthew Nunan, one of the earliest settlers in the Kilmore dis trict, died at his homestead last week. He was con nected with the district for over half a century, and was known as a breeder of racehorses. He was a member of the now defunct Bylands Road Board, which was afterwards merged into the Kilmore Shire. He was a large landholder in the shire, and highly respected. His funeral was largely attended. A son of deceased is in the engineer branch of the railway department, and has filled with credit several public positions. He is a prominent mem ber of the A.N.A. When the application for probate comes to be made it will be found that in this case further proof of Irish thrift, &c;, is forth coming. Last year the rich agricultural district of Kil more was visited by the dreaded foe of Australian settlers — fire — and, sad to relate, a second visitation has befallen several of our Irish farmers there dur ing the past week or so. Thousands of acres of grass and miles of fencing were licked up by the fierce wave of fire which swept over the district. Happily, the homesteads were saved and no lives were sacrificed. Warrnambool (famed for the pro ductiveness of its potato crops) also suffered to the extent of £15,000. The cause of the outbreak is generally attributed to the igniting of phosphorous wheat employed in the destruction of the rabbit pest. If this be the case, the question arises, ' Is not the remedy worse than the disease ?' The poet sings, ' How oft the chance to do ill deeds makes ill deeds done.' Well, the converse of this is also true, and never, perhaps, seen to better advan tage than on the trying occasions of bushfire- fight- ing. Men will leave all things, and rush off to the help of their suffering or threatened neighbours, and sometimes even sacrifice their lives in trying to save the lives and property of their fellow- men ! An analogous case in point is that where we see the miner or the collier brave foul air in his noble effort to rescue a perishing comrade. The several colonies have afforded examples of this form of genuine heroism. As his Eminence Cardinal Moran observed on a certain historic occasion in your colony, 'There is great hope for a country whose people are ready to lay down their lives to save a fellow-man.' The parish priest of West Melbourne (Very Rev. M. Carey) and the building committee are prepar ing a hearty welcome for the' Cardinal- Archbishop of Sydney on the occasion of his visit to our Sou thern metropolis this week. His Eminence will be met on the arrival of the express, and formally welcomed to Melbourne. A dutiful address will be presented to the eminent churchman. A tern- ? porary throne, bearing the crest of his Emi nence, has been erected in St. Mary's. It is anti cipated that the seating accommodation of St. Mary's (1200) will be fully taxed on Sunday next. The admission has been fixed at 5s. There is a debt of £11,000 on the building. Last .'Friday Mr. HigginB, one of the members for Geelong, gave notice in the House of the following want of confidence motion : — ' That, in the , opinion of this House, the near approach of the Federal elections renders of supreme importance the soli darity of the Liberal party, and the existence of the present Government, being an obstacle to the unity of the party, is contrary to the best interests of the country.' The Premier moved the usual adjourn ment of the Chamber till the following Tuesday, when the trial of strength between the *? outs' and the ''ins' will begin. Those who ought to know forecast a victory for the M'Lean Cabinet by 12 votes. Of course, the mover of the hostile motion and his followers are sanguine of success. 