Bush Fires. Bush fires have been raging on CoHymongle, near Collarendabri, and the watercourses during 12 days. The damage is estimated at about £70U0. The grass was set alight by lightning during the storm on the 29th ultimo. -The loss to the new owners of Coljy mongle is considerable, as grass at present is in valuable. Neariv ill the stock on the st&tion; are being sent away; Bush tires took place at Jerula station, near Corowa, and in vations part3 of the district. Other fires are anticipated owing to the abundance of graBS. -Afire broke out on Mr. Eutherford's Murrum bidgerie station, near Dhbbo, (ast week. The fire started from -the river bank. A large area of grass was destroyed. : Disastrous bush fire3 have occurred at Boree and Cabonne station, in the Molong district. About 50 men were engaged in fighting the flames, and suc ceeded in extinguishing them after nine hours' work. Tho fire started about a quarter of a mile from the homestead, and - extended for six miles on either side. A considerable quantity of fencing was destroyed. The Bores drafting yards were com pletely burnt to the ground. ' . ' A fire broke bat last week at - Mr. - Jap. O'Brien's selection, close to Mooke station. Quiiindi. With 'great difficulty the homestead was saved. Nearly 3000 acres of splendid grass were destroyed, includ - ing a large portion belonging to Mr. Daugur, of Mooki station. Part of tbe fencing was also burnt. Mr.: Carter,' manager of Mooki station, and 12 station hands, fought the advance of the fire until ascendancy was gained. . AnexieDEive bush fire w*b raging in the vicinity of : Flyers Creek, in the Carcoar district on the Idth-tnst;. .. A wheat crop belonging to Mr. A. ford, Demond ville, near Murrumburrab, was partly destroyed by bush fire on. the 15th inst. - - ? The bush fires which have* been raging in the north-eastern district of Victoria got dangerously close to the township of Wangaratta. The settlers ic. ths district have lost heavily. A message from Cloncurry, Queensland, states that the Granada head statioa has been burned to the ground. The owner, Mr. Hopkine, was away with his family at Coolullah, so that tha house was unoccupied. '' . ? A bush fire, raged for three days at the water coutse near Mbree last week. On the 12th instant a fire broke out on Curragundi station and spread to Meroa, CoHymongle, and Burrendoon runs. A large bush fire broke out on the 12th instant near Berry Jerry, Wagga, and is working great havoc with ihe crass, The fierce wind blowing during the day made the checking of the flames al most impossible. A bush .fire started last week on Mr. Gr. P. . Wilson's Big Springs station, and burned for two days. Between two or three thousand acres of grass wers burned, as well as several miles of fencing. A selector named T. Seckold has had the whole .ot his holding consumed with the exception of about 20 acres. Another fire is reported between Futitop and Cookardinia. A bush fire wrought great havoc on Berry Jerry and Ganmain, Wagincobarembee, near Wagga, where an immense area of grass was destroyed. On Berry Jerry between five and six thousand acres wers burned. Mi. Bardweell, of Woodland, an adjoining station, lost about 400 acres. The fire when at its height travelled between three and four milea in a few minutes. A man named George Gazzard fell into the fire at Ganmain, and only for the timely ? assistance of a horse* breaker named Dempsey he would probably have been burned to death. By the bush fires reported on Borrabogie station, near Hay, it is estimated that about 20,000 acres of grass have been destroyed in a long narrow strip. On Groongal about 10JO acres and a stack of buih hay were destroyed. : A thousand acres of grass *nd four miles of fencing have been destroyed, by bush fires on Boree, Nyrang station in the Molong district. A visit -to the scBne of the trash fires at Wya long reveals a scene of desolation extending over a distance of mere than Iu miles, On the 12th a fire started on M'Duff's selection, about f oar miles east of Wyalong, and rapidly siezed on the adjoining holdings occupied by Messrr. ijymons, Gibbons, and Heashp. On the following day another fire came up from Marlep Plains, tbe outstation of the Billabo'ng run, and joining tho first fire completed the destruc tion of everything growing on the neighbouring selec tions occupied by Suttliffe, Macfadyen, Pettit, and others. Mucfayden's bouse, however, was saved by the strenuous efforts cf the neighbours and the owner. Several miles of fenciug have been destroyed, x'he terrible gale of Wednesday evening made all efforts to cope with the fire lutile, and the flames flew in masses a hundred yards at a leap through the green scrub. At night the glare from the fire cast shadows on the town of Wyaloug- five miles away. It is re ported that many sheep have perished in thB rlamei. Many selectors jn the district have lost heavily. An immense bush fire haB been raging last week on the south side of the Murrumbidgee. Tbe flames deitivyed a great quantity of grass on Ganmain station, and threatened a great number of Ef lectors* places south- west of Coolamon. Big bush tiros are burning in the Forbes district. A fire on Carrowabitty station destroyed 200 tons of hay and 60 acres of wheat. Mr. H. B. Coward, the owner of the property, estimates his loss at £800. Another big fire has been burning on Wandary station, the property of Mr. W. H. E. Stitt. ~The .fire,; h,as spread .to ' ? Wapa, .Walla station, and a vriuinber of Email 'srtUers have been completely. burned out. , ;.^^ The bush fire near Moree'' has stopped. It broke out on Caidmurra, and pasted through CoHymongle, Burrendoon, Curriegundi, and Moroo stations, also a largo number of settlers' holding-*. The fire burnt in the direction of Midkin station, where it was blocked on the Gin reserve. Trees are etill smouldering, and likely to continue for some time. Over 100 men fought the fire at different points. All the fences are down for miles, and grass has bean destroyed, several holdings being nearly burn out. It is estimated that tbe fire spread ior 60 ? miles by 8 to 12 oailes wide. It is understood that all stock are safe. ., A destructive bush fire broke out near Monma on the 13th inst., end owing to the high wind prevailing great damage was done to grass, crops, and fenc ing. One selector's house was burned. Serious bush fires are raging along both banks of the fifacquarie, east of Warren. The fire fint broke in W. A. Gardiner's Banban paddock. It crossed the river, and swept over a large portion of Mr. T. Eeddan's Reddanville property and the corner of Mr. R. Fuller's selection. It then swept across Mr. Gaidiner'a Wambandry property, burning down the old homestead. Tbe hurricane forced the fire east ward, causing it to cross the liver on to Mr. S. Beveridge's Wambiana holding. A number of volunteers beat the flames on the eastern side of the river, but a strong wind carried tne flames along the western Bide for four miles from the start ing point in spite of the efforts cf a number of men. A bush fire broke out on Tarrama station, near Mulwala, and the flames, fanned by a high wind, spread rapidly. The full extent of the damage is not known, but it is understood that some thousands of acres of grass and fencing, a fan acres of crops, and from 20 to SO telegraph poles have been burnt. J3ush fires have already done a great deal of damage in the Echuca district of Victoiia. The fires hava devastated fully 100 miles of country in length, and nearly as much iu width. They hare not yet burned out. A fire was discovered in a paddock adjoining the railway line, West Dubbo, just after the mail train passed through for Bourke on Monday. A very hot wind blowing from the west soon carried the fire to the adjoining . grass paddocks, barning fences, two large haystacks and chaff. A buggy shed at ths residence of Mr. C. H. Fitzhardinge, solicitor, of West Dubto, was quickly destroyed. The fira came within 50 yards of Mr. Fitzhardinge's house. . Bush or grass fires were raging in the direction of Talbrae-ar on Sunday. There wes also a bush fire near Benalong on Sunday afternoon. A bush fire cccured on the 12th instant at Arra magong West,. Young, when a crop of Mr. B. Cock burn's and also a winnower were ' destroyed. Other farmers in the same locality kit heavily. Shortly before noon on Saturday a bush fire was du covmd north and west of Young, which proved to be on Allen's Stony Greek station and Mr. Quinn's property. Grenf ell- road, the fires breaking out almost simultaneously. Upfd Monday Mr^Aif en lost 1009 at«s t»f fjraiB«nd a crop; Mrs. J.-WDonneil lose ht r entire crop, 100 acres, and with great difficulty the hbusVwas eavsd.- -During -Sunday a -fire broke out at J. Hurley's, Buriamundra, destroying a 40 tan haystack aud a larga quantity - of;fl» crop, i big *re ? is tflm- xaging near Marengo. -???In every m-- stance miles ot fencing hare been deetroyefi. An immense bush fire is raging between Harden and Young, and is being carried along by the strong winds blowing noith-east. On Saturday afternoon at Milbrulong, Lockhara, 40 acres of wheat crop were destroyed by fire. Bush fires were rasing all round Patkei on Mon day. A fira burned hundred of acre* of grass ana crops on several holdings. Mews. B.Toms and O'Konrke's homesteads- were neatly burnt. Mr. O'Bouike lost 200 acres of grws an*1 stubble, C. Etch about 80 tons of stacked ferny and 100 acres of splendid On Monday the crops of Sanderson Matthews, Peak SilL were- aestrojedbyfire, 160 acres of grain being consumed, besides grass. Much fencing and grass have been destroyed all round the neighbourhood. Large bush fires hare been burning m the Welling ton district for two da.y», and in the Obley district am immenie quantity of grass has been 'burnt, including Derbwie, the Springs. =ind Gconoo paddocks. * ' On Wallandopl arid Doodle Cooinain the Albury ' district about 1500 acres of]crops were destroyed, while on Kirndeen thedestr uction covered 3000 acres of crops. : Mr. Magmnis, u, farmer on Kirudeen, lost his home- ' stead and the whole of his machinery, outhouses, &c;, and a similar misfortune befell Mr. ShaneBsy. a Doodle Cooma farmer. Two farmers natned Stewart, lost all their crops, and Mr. Hallett's were burned, while Mr. Sanndefs lost the whole of his 300 acres of wheat - On Kirndeen one mass of flame and smoke extended over miles of the station. Cattle were driven into fence jcorhere, and being unable to get out, were swept down by the fire. When it had passed nothing remained but charred cat cases and burning timber. It is estimated that the loss of wheat so far has amounted to about20,000bags. Other fires are reported from Mahonga. A report from Fleasent Hills says that Messrs. G. Linke and D. OlShanagsy lost all their crop except gome 50 bags. Other losses of crops, &c;, are reported. Numerous bush fires ere reported in the Blayney district and neat the town. Two very destructive bush fires hare been raging on each side of Coolamon. Several selectors h&ve; been totally burnt out, and their houses and standing crops have been burnt to the ground. Hundreds of acres under crop ha\e been destroyed, and some very heavy-losses have been reported. Extensive bush fires are still raj-ing throughout the Forbes district. A latfte area of country -between here and Eurow Mountains is on fire. Another fire . is burning very fiercely to the west in the direction of Carrawobilly and the Grove. The most disastrous tire ever knows at Cudal broke out on Monday morning in Mr. G. Gavin's grass paddock, close to Cudal. Fanned by a strong wind the flames swept over, a large area. Simultaneously another fire occurred in Mr. Lance Smith's Boree station paddocks. Thousands of acres of grass, fencing, and a number of sheep were burned. The station homestead and woolahed were saved with difficulty. The two fires met and extended in width for about six miles. Bcweu Park was almost en tirely destroyed. . The fire spread to Paling - Fards Creek, and is still burning. Thousands of pounds - worth of damage has been: done. Ryan Brothers, of Byan Park, lost everything on their land. Gavin lost 80 acres of wheat, estimated to yield seven bags per acre, attack pf 30-tons of hay, a large straw stack, -. 800 acres grass, 70 sheep, and much fencing. T. Scale has nothing left except the liouee. J. Kearney lost 1200 bags of wheat, the whole of the standing crop, grass, fences, sheep, and cattle. Many settlers are ruined. There is another large fire between Toogong and Cudal. Extensive bushfires are still raging throughout the district. A very large one broke out yesterday to the north-east, and a large area oE country between here and Eurow Mountains is on fire. Another .fire it* burning very fiercely this afternoon to the west in the direction of Carrawobilly and the Grove. Otheri are also burning in various localities, one of the lar gest being among the small settlers on the western side of the Grudgery Mountains, and very great damage is being done. Two very destructive buBh fires were raging all day on Monday on each side of Coolamon. Several selec tors have been totally burnt ont, and their houses and standing crops. Btfve been burnt to the ground.: Hundreds of acresunder crop yhave^.be^n destroyed, I and some very heavy losses have been reported. 