TÍie "Bush Fires, -i-,-« v.- . Mesara, Waddell, T. Fitzpatrick, and Barnes saw the Premier on Deo. 20 with reference to the destruction caused by the recent bush flies in the country, and pointed out the necessity of tho Government assisting those unfortunate persons who had been »burned out of house and home. The desirability of the police posting warning notices against the careless use of fire was also men . tioned. Sir William Lyne promised to give.both matters consideration. , , ' MOLONG, ' December 20.-Further particulars are to hand regarding the recent fire at Boree Es tate, which passed completely through Lance N. Smith's station in a column, which at times was between 40ft and 50ft high. Most of the fences were destroyed, so that one can ride for miles on the' station without any obstruction. Af tel' great exertions the homestead, woolshed, and other out buildings were saved. At 10 p.m. a' great fire was burning bast of Molong, about two .miles from town. It was first thought to be G. H. Hebden's Erambie Station, but it turned out that a man was burning off some weeds in a lucerne paddock. On December 16 a great fire Avas raging in the vicinity of Gumble Station, doing much damage to grass, fences, and crops, and extending towards Bur-* goon. Mt travelled over-twenty miles on Decem ber 17, the country being covered with branches of trees broken by last winter's heavy snowstorm, which gives plenty of material for the fire. BRAIDWOOD, December 20.-Bush fires have broken out in several parts of the districts, and large areas of bush land have been burnt. The danger of bush fires is nicely to be serious this year owing to the immense quantity, of long dry grass in all the paddocks. : MACLEAN, December 20.-^Bush fires are rag ing all round, and the district is' enveloped in smoke. The . heat during the past few days has been'very severe, the thermometer registering over lOOdeg in the shade. . Rain is badly wanted. All vegetation is' beginning to burn up, while water for stock is becoming scarce. BOMBALA, December 20.-Most disagreeable weather prevailed during December 17; in fact, the worst that has been experienced this summer. December 16 and 17, especially the latter day, a fierce, hot, westerly wind blew throughout the whole time, bringing In its train dense clouds of dust, which at times completely enveloped the town. All vegetation is very dry and parched, and a fall of rain at the present time would be largely appreciated. On December 16 a bush fire broke out in Mr. A. M'-Kea'chie's paddock, about one mile from the town. As the grass was very, dry, and a fierce, hot Wind raging, there was no thing to prevent the flames from making rapid progress; and, in spite of the untiring efforts of the neighbors, and a number of people from the town, Mr. M'Keachie had'the whole of one pad dock burnt out. All day the fire raged, and spread into neighboring paddocks, carrying on the same devastation. BODANGORA, December 19.-The sky on De cember 18 was dense with smoke from bush, fires, the hills being completely obscured. Fires are raging all round the district. CARGO, December 19.-December 17 was the hottest day experienced this season^' 102deg in the shade being registered. Bush fires are raging all around,, and the town is enveloped in smoke. One fire started near Cudal, and travelled twelve miles in nine hours. Reports have been received that thiree farmhouses have been burnt to the ground, and fields of wheat just ready for stripping com pletely spoilt, and miles of fencing burnt. KATOOMBA, December 19.-Bush fires have been , raging in this district since December 15 last, doing a large amount of damage. Over 1000 tons of shale, the property of the Australian Kero sene Oil and Mineral Company, which was stack ed near Megalong, was completely burnt. The same company had a valuable bridge, which cost about £500, destroyed by a bush fire down near South Katoomba. It is understood both the shale and bridge were insured. COOLAMON, December 19.-Forty years ago, almost to a day, a terrific bush fire swept over this part of the country, and December 17 will 4ong be remembered as one of the most disastrous days-that has ever dawned in the Coolamon dis trict. Early in the morning, about .6.30," a fire was seen to start in the middle of a paddock of a selector named Patk. O'Brien, and almost imme diately it commenced to spread with wonderful rapidity and fierceness. In no time the labor of twelve months was consumed, and the result is that the maa must be nearly ruined. A great amount of sickness has prevailed in his family, and his case is doubly hard. Over 150 acres of wheat crop, which wwâ- stripping 20 bushels to the acre, were destroyed. From there the - fire raged on to Slade's selec tion, and consumed everything on it, in cluding a dwelling. Townspeople went put in dozens, but their efforts were as futile as a man trying to bail out Sydney Harbor. From Slade's the fire raced before a strong breeze to Holden's farm, and destroyed a wheat crop, and, it is be lieved, a dwelling-house and all its contents. It »next turned its attention to Mr. W. Barr's slaugh ter-house paddock, and it was with great diffi culty that the fat stock in it were saved. Every thing else shared the fate of the preceding farm. John Cummins's crop and grass lands w^ere razed level, and Chas. Bromham's crop, grass lands, ancl house, were completely burnt. George Brom ham's farm and crop came next in order, and then three large paddocks belonging to Mr. J. R. King, of Mosman, Sydney, wore left destitute of all vegetation. Chas. Dale's crop was destroyed in almost no time, and Cartwright's cr;op and grass lands were attacked, two large stacks of hay burning to cinder. H. Button's property was next claimed by the fire fiend, and part of the crop, grass lands, and machinery sheds were completely destroyed. Ashwood's farm was also burnt, and a stack of wheat was with great difficulty saved. Thos. Swanson's crop was levelled to the ground. About 3 p.m. the fire suddenly broke out on the', other side of the railway line, and in the middle of George Evans's crop of wheat, some of which was saved. Lockett'-s stock paddocks were soon left black and desolate, and Joh/T Freeman lost all his wheat and crop*. Fred. Freeman's farm was next overrun, and his crop and stubble all destroyed. Three hundred bags of wheat were saved on this farm by the splendid work of W. Sinclair, W. Bassell, P. M'Dermott, and others. Messrs. Power, Harrold, Alex. Campbell, and Reuben saved Ke hoe's house and all it contained, by burning a ring round .it. The fire then made to Thos. Watson's, and all that remains of a large crop and well appointed farm is a house. The flames were some thing awful, and had to be seen to be believed, ¡ because 4t woüld be Impossible to describe theaa. Hundreds of mon worked, till they almost fainted from exhaustion and suffocation, but what they saved is as nothing compared to that which is lost. The loss cannot be estimated, and in a number qi" instances no insurance is on any of the properties. The Are is still raging in parts, and on Morulebale Station a great Are broke out. To the east of the town, and towards Junee, a great fire sud-^' y denly sprang up on December 17, and the whole' sky in the west, north, and east was brightly,.il- -\\. luminated. A heavy wind was blowing all night, and it is impossible to say how much damage has. been done by tho two^latter fires. . Alto gether, the outlook for those affected must in-; deed be gloomy-a veritable Black Monday: TILBA TILBA, December 19.-Terrific heáí. prevailed on December 17. it being the hottest day ever experienced in-Tilba. The thermome ter recorded in the shade ut 6 á.ra. 86deg,v and at noon llOceg. A strong, hot wind .blew from'the north-west. Bush fires have occurred between here and Cobargo, and are raging fiercely. A great quantity of grass has been burnt, andfcfenclng de stroyed. Vegetables and flowers in some gardens were burnt off the same as if bitten by frost. A cottage belonging to Mr. R. M; Bate, at Sunny side, together with its contents, was burnt to the ground. WELLINGTON, December 19.-It appears that" the fire broke out in the vicinity of "the Gieh cardie School, near Suntop, on Sunday. It travelled miles before anybody was on the scene. The crops, homesteads, and fences of Messrs. j Taylor, O'Brien, Strahorn,' and Harris were totally destroyed. À thousand sheep of Mr. Tay lor's were roasted, and pa:t of the stock of ,~ [ others were burnt. Several men were'"'» badly I burnt ft attempting to extinguish the fire. The j fire has now been got In hand, but requires watch ing, as there are" frequent outbreaks. TEMORA, December 20.-At Upper Temora on. Dec. 17 a fire broke out on the hill at the rear of the Bristol Hotel. It was,, quickly got under, but several telegraph poles were burnt down, and the line thereby interrupted for some hours. ' It is re ported that a large fire is burning on Milong Sta tion. Several bush fires ca« be seen from the . town. A most terrific duststorm occurred again on December 17. It interfered, greatly with business, and was very distre:elng to storekeepers, its the windows are dressed fer Christmas, and the clouds of dust destroy the goods wholesale. PEAK HILL, December 20.-On Dec. 16 a fire started upon Mr. T. Saunderson's selection about 100 yards away from the house. He and another man saw the fire start, but they were unable te-, do anything. A standing crop was consumed very quickly. From Mr. Saunderson's the fire travelled south into T. Matthews's wheat crop, which was also totally destroyed. Hall Brothers, adjoining Saunderson'3 on the south-west, succeeded In keeping the fire back from their property, with th.e exception of a few acres in one corner. The fre then travelled on at agr¿at pace, although th re were fully over 200 men at work trying to beat it back. GRENFELL, Dec. 21.-Bush-fires broke out again yesterday, doing further damage, the extent of which is at present unknown. One fire went' through the farm of Mr. Edwd, Bush, of Eureka, and consumed his wheat crop. Fires also broke, out afresh on Inglevale and other places.' Mr. John Ellis also had his property destroyed. 