BOOLEROO CENTRE. November 5. On Friday atternoon a number of Udies and. gentlemen asvembled in the institute, and presented Mr. W. Leschen, who is leav. m tUm -lictru-r vith a fruio vntfh. suit ably engraved. Mr. F. McMartin occupied the chair, and in making the presentation referred to tie 'ength of time Mr. Leschen had been manager of the E-S. and A. back —a period of over 12 years— and1 also to the . courtesy which every oae had received ftom him during that time. Dr. Steven spoke in simi lar terms, and Mr. Lescken suitably replied. A social was held in the evening, and was attended by between 60 and -0 gentlemen from llooleroo and the surround mg district*. Dr. Steven presided, and Mr. Mc'Martin occupied the vice-chair. 'The Queen' having been honoured, Mr. W. Cuok in a stirring speech gave the toast of 'The armv, navy, and reserve forces, which was suitably replied to by Lieut. McMartin. 'Tbe towa and trade of Boo Icroo Centre' was proposed by Mr. F. \\\ . Miller, aad rep.ied to by Messrs. J. Brown and T. Jones. 'The agricultural interest* of the district' was submitted by Mr. A. Forbes, and relied to bv Mr. J. Lorldn. 'Our guest' wj* given by the chairman, who referred to the interest which Mr. Leschen hud always taken in the welfare of the township and district, and particu larly to the work done by him per*-nally for the institute, and also to the gymnastic c.nb and orchestra, which had been insti tuted and conducted by him for several rears. Mc*»rs. McMartin. Cook. Harder, Mayor, Hirsch, Degenhardt, Kippin, Brown. Jones, Miller, Ma^icod, aod Lorkin all testified to Mr. Leschen's general worth and to the k-& which his translation to Tanunda would invoke. Following this toast the chairman gave ''The fitherand, snd in doing to spoke of the oxkable re lations which at present existed- between Kngiand and Germany, ami expre*«ed tae hoi* that these would lead to a bond of union which would strengthen tbe bands of both empire) in their eastern policy. Mr. McMartin seconded. This was drunk with enthusiasm, and replied to by Messrs. Hincfa and Harder. Songs were given by Menrs. Hobart, Parsons. Harder, aad t. Marron, and selections by the Booteroo Centre orchestra. Mr. Hobart, the new manager of the bank, was introduced to the coinpany. , ? CRYSTAL BROOK, November 7. — I connection with the assault and robbery case on Monday night, F.C. Walsh arrested A. McDonald at Crystal Brook and M.C. Bertram and Mullins arrested John Mc Cabe at Georgetown. They were to-day tried by Messrs. Solomon and Symons, and both pleaded not guilty. The evidence o! eye witnesses was conclusive that McCabe knocked tbe sailor, W. Schurr, down with a thovel, and that McDosald dragged bhn across the street. McDonald then said tha: when he saw McCabe knock Schurr down he, Samaritan like, tried to pick him un and get him out of harm's way, but find ing him come to he feared he might be un grateful, and perhaps do him some harm, so he ran away. Th« magistrates took a different view. McCabe was fined 40s. and 40s. cost, or in default two months. Me Donald was fined 40s. and 30s. costs, or ono month's imprisonment. Both preferred tc go to gaoL where McCabe is well known. EUmJNDA, November 8.- Tbe Rev. Dr. Burgess, LL.D., president of the Methodu: conference, visited Eudunda last evening, and delivered an interesting and instructive lecture in the Methodist Church on 'Tbe Wonderful Century' in connection with the twentieth century movement Mr. A. T. Wen occupied the chair, and the Rev. S. J. Bat ten, minister of the circuit, also took part Dr. Burgess is to proceed to Morgan and Renmark in the interests of the same move ment. ^^ GAWLER, November 9.— The Japanese fair in aid of the Baptist manse fund was brought to a conclusion kit night There was a hrpe attendance. The grots proceed* totalled £110. and of this nearly £90 will jrobaWy be available for tbe reduction of LEIGH'S OREEK, November 5.— Mr. Burgan, of ihe Education Department, has nspected the schoolbouse, and made en jiririe* which will enable him to report on requisite alterations. It was pointed out to aim that it was desirable to have a stone wilding, and plenty of room l'or a play pound.— M.C. Marshall, of Quorn, is tem porarily in charge of the police station.— iVe are trying to have a Saving* Bank branch opened here.— Mr. Eaton, of the Ln ^neer-in-Cbief's Department, has made a survev of the copper corporation railway. MA'CCLESFLELD. November 8.— A sac xssful concert was given last week by the pupils of the sisters of St. Joseph, assisted by friends, including Mr. W. Graham, the veD-known baritone. Father Landy pre sided. Mr. Beaumont Read zave a ciue matograph entertainment on Monday to a most appreciative audience. MOLST PLEASA.M, November 7.-On Friday evening the local band of hope gave ?n entertumnient, consistinff of the «a tata 'Unde Tom, conducted by Mr. Min uis. The connective readings were given by Mr. Bailey. There was a good audi ence, and the proceeds shotui. be satuiac albONTA, Nowember 7.-At a meeting of the committee of the local benevoient lociery on Friday evening the secretary re ported having recewed£B 13s. 4d. from j£e Sendly foaeties' parade ^comnuttee^ afao £3 3s. from the Duke of Edinburgh lodge, ind £2 from Miss Stocker, the proceeds of a juvenile concert. MOUNT PLEASANT, November 8.— rhere was a very large attendance of buy ers and sellers at the monthly market on Tuesday. The yards were full of all kinds of stock, and nearly every line was sold at highly satisfactory figures, cattle reaching nearly record prices. A line of 16 steers, M years, averaged £4 12s.; fat cows, £6; springers, to £5 IDs.: one bull, £(i 2a. 6d.; wethers, Qs. 3d.; aged ewes, 7s. Id.; lambs, 7s. Id.; pigs. 5*. to 41s. At the conclusion of the sale Mr. Giles sold a wether which Mr. Bax some months since presented to be sold on the Bugler principle on bebalt of the war fund. It then reached a good price, and Mr. Bax promised the sheep for final sale for the same fund after shear ing. On Tuesday it was sold for £1 Is. Mr. William Kither, of Adelaide, being the purchaser.— During a cricket match between Blumberg snd Mount Pleasant on Saturday Mr. Milne, who was wieketkeepbg for Blumberg, met with a painful accident A fast ball glanced off tbe batsnun and caught him between the eyes, breaking tbe bridge of the nose and causing other pain ful injuries. Dr. Proctor dressed the wound, and Mr. Milne is now rapidly recovering.— Last evening the Right Rev. Dr. Harmer, Bishop of Adelaide, in the presence of a hi^e congregation held a confirmation ser vice in St. John's church- The Rev. Stew art Wayland assisted. Twelve candidates were confirmed. — On Sunday anniversary services were held in the Presbyterian chprch. The Rev. Mr. Wilwn preacned. Ou Tuesday the annual tea in connection with the church was held in the institute and largely attended. In the evening a meeting was held in tbe church, when addresses were delivered by Mr. Wilson and otters. Mr. Wilson has accepted the charge of the church in the place of the Rev. H. T. Hull, who resigned some time since. PORT AUGUSTA, November 3.— Ti-e annual fair in connection with the Metho dist church was opened in the town hail to-day by the mayor, Mr. T. Young. The *eveal stalls were very tastefuny decorat ed, and there was an excellent display of goods. Mcsdanies f. Hewitsm and \V. Nancarrow are joint secretaries. A musical programme, tableaux, &c; was carried out in the evening. The fair, which was most successful, will be continued to-morrow. Following are the stallholders:— Fruit Mes dames \V. Harden and C. Ward; lollies, Misses L. Roberts, H. Ward, and J. Hun ter; cakes, mesdames T. Hewitson and W. Nancarrow; flowers, Misses Taylor, ward, Main, bnareo. and Yates: uncy, junior prU' circle, Mesdames G. Wellby and J. Slight; fancy, sewor girls circle, Mr*. S. Wee and^Iisses Buckhurst, Dunitan, Jones, ind Trembath; needlework, M-sdames pod ion, Hunter, and Melville; cool drinks. Urs. A. Austin and Lionel Taylor; tea and refreshments, Mesdames White. Treuibaih. Taylor, Bryant, Yi . H. Brown, Mdton, and MUsa Bice, Richards, and Brown; shoot ing gallery, Mr. Farmer; old woman in iboe, Miss D. White; living chess and side ihows, Messrs. T. Hewitson, W. J. Trem Inth; tableaux, A. J. Magrath; wMWorka, J. Blight; strawberries, Mesdames Ward, Harden, and Miss Home; and electric bat terv, Mr. Rock. The prize list is as fol lows:-Marble cake, Mi» Hart; orange sake, Mrs. Bbght; orange layer cake, Mrs. Donaldson; ice cake, Mrs. G. B. Bryant; pound cake, Mrs. W. J. Trembath: euhana £ke, M.ss E. Tausel; sponge, cake, Miss Nucan; seed cake, special prize, Jius b. TauscL Mrs. Yates; coffee cake, Miss -. Hunter; ribbon cake, special prize, Mrs O. GUI, Mrs. F. Christophenon; jam sandwich, special prize, Mrs- Trembath, Miss Hakendorf; jam roB, special, Mw. Trembath, Mrs. Harden: small cakes,. Mrs. G. B. Bryant; scones, Mjss -iunan; ginger bread, jiiss I'ates; Pjwernuts. Mrs. Soaa torn; Cornish pasties, Mrs. J. White; home made bread. Miss Nunan; jam tarts, Mrs. Stephen*; cockles. Miss Meyers; special cockles, Miss T. Tothill; Barcelona buttons, MUs P. Jones; cocoanut cake, Mr*. Blight; cream puffs, Miss E. Hart; table bouquet, Miss Yates; hand bouquet Miss Donaldson: buttonhole, a£u» O.Lyford; basket of flowers. Miss K Trembath; best pinafore, Mrs. T. Juliau; but dressed doll, Mis HuckJiur*t. — PORT VICTORIA, November 7.— The residents of Port Victoria and the sur rounding districts are pleased to learn that it is likely there wul be two mails weeklr direct through Port Vincent instead «f one, as at present. . , POkl* PiKlE, November 7.— A large number of leading resident* met in the mayor's room this afternoon for the pur nose of making a presentation and saying good by to Mias Scott, who for many yean naTcafried on successfully the high school here. The mayor, Mr. L. J. V Ucher, occu pied the chair, and after reading, an ad imi presented it, together .with a pane of sovereigns, to Aliss Scott . He jwid a high tribute to Miss Scotfs higb qualities. Her departure would be a great loss to the town. Mewrs. J. P. Stow, SJL, Wuliam Goode, W. K. MaUyon, T. C Simpson, and Charles Geddes supported the mayor's re maiks. The Rev LG. King, incumbent of St Paul's Church, thanked Miss Scott for the great help she had rendered to the chureh, especially as organist, tor several years at St. Barnabas's, Solomontown, and later on at St. Paul's. Miss Scott feehngly replied. The address set iorth how bgu.y indebted the residents wire to Miss Scott for the furtherance of high-class i education, for the wUiing services she had freely offer ed to the public in assisting all charitable institutions, and for the help she bad' lent m uvisting the sick and suffering, especially atnnnmt the Doorer closes. It was signed on behalf of the numerous suDscnoen py L. J. Wilcher, mayor; J. P. Stow, S^T.; and Henry C. Warren. Mws Scott will leave by train for Adelaide to-morrow morning to enter upon duties at one of the largestkdies' colleges in the city.-A young man named Codd met with a severe aca dent this morning at the railway yard. He was badly crushed, and had several no* broken.-Great interest is being taken in military matters here, and tbo*e who nave joined tb? newly formed companies are at tending the drills regularly. BLUMBERG, November 8.— The wattle bark season is in full swing. Already many loads have been delivered. It is expected that a Urge quantity will be stripped, as the price u satisfactory. Owners do not care to run the risk of bushfires after tneir experience last year. Difficulty is experienc ed in getting good strippers. A large num ber of men are employed in sleeper-cutting for the railway. Tnis has become quite an important local industry. RIVERTON, November 7.— General re gret was expressed here when the news of the death of Mr. J. E. Hannaford, aged 66 years, formerly an old and most respected resident of this district, became known. Mr Hannaford was among tbe first set- tlers, arivtng here with his brother, Mr. F. Hannaford, about 45 years ago. He took up land and entered into farming and grazing pursuits, and resided here ever since till about a little over two years ago, when he removed to Medindie, his son, Mr. Walter Hannaford, taking over the old homestead. Mr. Hannaford was most highly respected by all, although not taking any very promi- nent part in politics. On several occasions be was asked so contest the district of Woo- roora but declined. He was one of the founders of the Riverton institute, and re mained a trustee of the same till his death. He wan president of the national defence league branch here. He was also closely associated with the late Bible Christian church. Although his death was not quite unexpected, it came as a surprise to many of his friends. The death of his only sister, who lived a few miles from here, also oc- curred only a few hours after his decease. The late Mr. Hannaford has left a widow, two sons. Messrs. Arthur and Walter Han- naford, resident here, and four daughters— one married to the Rev. C. Schafer and another tn the Rev. J. Ashton. SWANREACH, November 6.— The resi dents have at last retained tbe services of a medical roan, Dr. Kelly-White, late of Morgan. Formerly they had to travel 90 miles for medical aid. STIRLING EAST, November 8-On Monday evening a meet in? wa« held in the institute to consider the adnsablcncM of forming a cycle club. There was a large number present, and a club was formed, to be eafled the Stirling district cycle dub, affiliated with the league of South Aus tralian wheelmen.— Last evening - in the same building the Beaumont Read company gave a cinematograph representation to a good house. ? VICTOR HARBOUR, November 9.— Lady Tennyson, accompanied by her two son TaadMdDe. Dussau, drove to Uie Port Elliot show veaterday.-Several hundred bales of wool nave arrived uuring the past few days from the Murray for shipment After returning from Port Elliot show two vehicles coGded at the comer of Ocean street, Port Victor. Three of tfce occu pants of one were thrown on to tbe metal road, but fortunately sustained no serious m$5liAMULKA, November 8.— The Hon. D. M. Charleston, M .L.C., lectured on the 'Federal tariff' on Monday evening in the Methodist church. There was a large attendance. Mr. T. H. Rodda occupied the chair. Mr. Charleston explained his views on the subject in an able manner, and wa* accorded a vote of thanks, which was pro posed by Mr. Hore, sen., and seconded by ir. A. March and carried unanimously. 