Disastrous Fire in Victoria. MILES OF FENCING DESl'ROVED. TOWNSHIPS SURROUNDED. MANY HO USUS UURNED. MELBOURNE, Sunday, Tho fierce heat and abnormal duststorm which wero io evidence in Melbourne on Saturday morning appoar to have been ex perienced in an intensified degree in tlio inland districts. In the city up to 158' in the sun and 103'in theslude wero registered, and the strong wind kept the duet in motion, bub in the country the heat was registered up to 105' in the shade at Stratford, 107' at Bchuca, >ttid 110* at Sale, and the duststorms wero described as terrifie. Other districts were «till more unfortunate, by reason of outbreaks of bush fires, which in several cases assumed alarm ing proportions. In i ho district of Bennlla the bush fires were oven moredisas rous than those which devastated tlie district a year ago. From early morning tho heat was intense. The thermometer at 11 a.m. stood at 10ß* in the siiade, whilst a north west wiud blew with hurricane force, The wholo district was enveloped in a cloud of dust, and it was utterly impassible for any living thing to face the fire. While the fire w*a still out side the township the heat of the flames and smoke becinie unbearable. The tales of devastation aro appalling. The loss iu fencing aloné is en rmous, and it is possible to tide l(> miles iu a straight line without a fence intervening. Culverts and gates have been burnt iu every direction. The township ofThoona, which stands on a little cminenoc, surrounded by fertile plains, was completely surrounded hy (ire, and to-night the surrounding country is ono mass of flame, a magnificent hut disastrous sight. Here and there is a brighter patch caused by buildings or a stack on lire. Scores of settlers have been burnt out, iu volving heavy losses of live stock, ma chinery, grain, and general farm stores. Happily there is no loss of human life. Tho district of Kilmore was also the scene of disastrous bushfires, which were fanned into renewed life on Saturday by the strong northerly wind, which, blowing at times at the »ate of from 60 to 70 miles an hour, drove the flames along through tho count»y at an alarming rate. Hundreds of workers found it almost impossible in many cases to make the slightest attempt to cope with the fiery clement. The five at Goldeuvem, Moraudihg, which had swept some thous »nds of acres on tho previous day, obtained re newed lifo, and crops, stacks, barns, and outhouses were swept away in a very little time, while many narrow escapes of life were reported. Further eastward immense destruction was caused by the tire which broko out on Stratlnnnrn Jiatnto. Over *(000 acres have been swept bare of every vestige of grass. The woolshed, sheepyards, stables, &c.;, wero all burnt, but the homestead, fur* tunately, was saved. The lire is still burn ing in somo of the scrubby portions of the estate. At Mr. William Taylor's Westfiold Es tate on Friday the fire burnt a part of his property, but Saturday's hurricane blew the flames through the grass and stubble in a sheet of flame. The homestead, barns, and stables, with farmiug implements, were totally destroyed, us well as a considerable amount of stock, including aomo stud rams and miles of fencing. Several other proper ties were also devastated. To-day the fire is raging towards Ulena* rona, aud at Torn G'uliy immense volumes of smoke arc rising. Very few of the far inera had their crops insured* consequently they will be heavy losers. For many miles thousands of acres, now present a pitiable sight, nothing but blackened and ch irred Grounds, ruins of stack«, buildings, and onces remaining. In the churches to-day prayers were offered up for raia and for the unfortunate victims of tho disastrous fires. The damage dono amounts to many thousands of pounds. 