Srmstbsx Cold — very cold. Rain threatening. ' Yesterday holiday, Band sports a success. Voluuteers home agalD. - - - . Land demand continues. . .-_ - i .; . Hotel properties in quest." -.. Political atmosphere is thick. ' No additioual candidates. yet.- . I he. House -is soon to . dissolve. - F. A. Wright after- the dissolution. Big railway deputation to-day below. Our footballers are now going strong Grey-street North beginning to -stir up. " Tiucking stock is gradually increasing,- Shallow . tin deposits are active since rains. New shops were, attractive on Baturday-uight. : Mr. F. J. Thomas is holding successful meetings. Stiong committees wi'l be formed- throughout the electorate to secure F. A. Wright's re-election. The Glen Elgin dredge Is wiuuiug splendid gold -and also tin ore. , - . ... A large number of new names have been added to the electoral roll. . A local resident -describes the Duke as a "small man with a big salary;" - We . regret Mr. W. Ritchie is:an inmate of the Hospital. His illness is not serious. ' "v , The local Hospital is now the personification of peace and comfort. Iti8,snid the Red Raoge people'inleDd.tOpetition -for telephonic connection with Glen Inues, / The Juke, the Juke, the Juke— -much honored everywhere yesterday. . . - The- mantle of. Mr. James MartiDj.J.P, has evi dently faljen on John A, hisson. ' v f-- Mr. J". A. Martin, J!P.,Mias now been appointed Returuing-offieer. - y-1-.-1-. . .? The- date of the locahRomau Catholic Social has . been altered to July 2ndf, t -Ranger's Valley-. Station nontinuesdio command jjood figures for its stock." ' Recently, a motr ot spayedrheifers'-frOm : the famouB homestead- were- sold for £5 6s. " . Messrs.. M'Rae.and Cods new butcher's shop in Bonrke-street will be ready for business in arfew days. -. -;- \- Central Bark is just now 'lookiug fresh7 and bright, hut several-seats are necessary. Several seats, .yea, - plenty of seats, - v -That is the lovers' cry ; They like-to sit when drinking the sweets Which- come from a maiden's sigh. Mr. Barton. told a. deputation -he would, try to- get a sufficient margin of duty allowed that -would enable the sugar industry to prosper. There are five new electorates -proposed by the Electoral Commissioners in the suburbs, and five in. the country. - - . The proposed re-distributiou of seats In the State Assembly will not affect the approaching elec tions. The Prime Miuister promises legislation to re duce to the lowest possible limit the introduction of alien and ohjectiouable races. Tho Annidale district is coming into prominence as a possible site for; the Federal Capital;- :. In some of the Sydney divorce cases v'ery gross cruelty has been -revealed. A third morning paper,.-in the- interests of the Ministerial.party, is to he issued beiorcXmas. - On Friday morning tire Duke laid the 'founda- ; tion stone of the Queen Victoria Memorial -Pavilion at Prince Alfred Hospital. ... .As a souvenir of his visit to Prince. Alfred7 Hos pital, the Duke was presented with a gold trowel aDd a gold mounted mallet. The football match on the Show Ground yester day between the Glen Iunes and Inverell Juniors was won by the forther-by 3 to .nil. Bayliss se cured the try. The strike in the iron trade continues in in acute stage.. . . Rabbits are appearing in large numbers around Baan Baa. Mr. Crick is of opiniou that 10,240 acres;ia siifiB cient for a single homestead lease. ' " - - , Sir J. P. Abbott and Mr. -Joseph Abbott have : been re-eleoted'directors- to-:the- -A.M. P. Society. A Gulgoug paper- :has spotted a Hindoo with a red beard and a jet .black head of hair. Next ! 1 A Nyrang Creek: resident lias been seriously ill . for some tune past- suffering from ' the effects of heavy smoking, and drinking strong tea.' t : Three mouths ago, a Victorian settler lost' Iris wife ; then a bush-fire destroyed his house, stable and tools t finally a flood swept away bis crops.. \- It- is stated that the Queensland Government is adversising for sleepers. Why not try . Hyde Park? - It is full of them. The bodies of 35 infants have been discovered on the premises of an undertakerat Birmingham,' The - total number of- caBes of plague in Cape : Colony up to May 25 was 666, the deaths number ing 3Q8. The number of electors now on ths State rolls is 329,093, aud the quota of electors tirr eaeh elec toral-district is 2632. Over 10,000. designs . for- the Federal flag and .3000 desigus for- the Federal seal have -already been sent in. . Mr. B. R. Wise is. -reported to have made up his mind not to contest- a seat for. tho Slate As sembly. Electioneering matters will soon be - like good mustard — hot and strong.-"- - The dissolution of the State Parliament will take place about the end of this week. The Ulladulla centra! butter factory has cleared in round figures £1000 on export -during the last season. It is reported that the contiuuancE of the war is resulting in great injury to the wool trade.- Lismore business men have decided to only re cognise New Year's Day, Anniversary Day, Good Friday, Easter Monday, King's Birthday and Christmas and Boxing Days, V Mr. O'Sullivan says he is considering the de sirableness of placing a sum of money on the esti mates for the purchase of guns for tire purpose of producing rain by explosives fired Into the clouds. Mr. Hurley has . been - appointed Government Whip. -. . - . The Ministerial parly are making no noise over the elections. There is a macadamised road in India over 180D miles loug. f-r i. ' - The Executive of the Liberal Patty has selected' 50 candidates. . . - w . ' The Field of Waterloo ris covered with a crop of- crimson poppies every year. _ - \- The Trades Hall "prdtestb agaiDst tbe increase of-- Federal Members' -safaries,' ' Duriug Monday'and Tuesday the trains carried- 884,000 passengdra; A Bega auctioneer the other day disposed of over £1500 worth of stock at the ceutral yards". Mr. Crick 'is the one Minister who didn't trouble his head about the Royal visitors. Upwards of 15,000 acres were selected at Gyafton last week-. The Minister for Defence has decided that Gene ral French is the senior officer m Australia. . It is stated the perfection displayed by the N.S. Wales troops astonished the Duke. A phono-typewriter has been invented which is talked into on one side and delivers tbeuttered.. woids in print at the. other end. A man and vife named Chapman were drowned at Brisbane, They went out boating -and the boat was subsequently found bottom upwards, 