DISTRICT INTELLIGENCE. MEADOW FLAT. [FROM A CORRESPONDENT ] . A fire broke out on tbe west end of Mr. John Moore's estate on Thursday morning last, and was not noticed by Mr. Moore until about noon, when it was discovered that it was making rapid strides towards the centre of the paddook, and about one mile and a half from the dwelling house. Mr. Moore, who was almost alone, made haste towards the fire at once, and several neighbours also galloped to the spot, but as the thermometer registered 94 degrees in the shade, and a strong wind was blowing, it was found im- possible to stand before the fire and it was with great difficulty that the cattle and sheep were extricated, some of them being almost encircled in the flames. The fire travelled at a terrible pace carrying with it dividing fences as it went. The rabbits, which were in strong evidence, had a lively time of it. Many of them hav- ing sought shelter in logs and rubbish heaps could be heard squealing in all quarters ; others proved a great nuisance as they ran out with their coats blazing, carrying the fire to other places. It was soon noticed that the fire was fast travelling towards the homestead and within an hour it had reached within a few yards of the hay sheds, but fortunately the wind took a slight turn at this period, and those engaged seized the opportunity and succeeded in mastering the fire at that point. It then took a southerly course and at nightfall it had slowed down considerably, and it was thought it was all over ; but next day about 10 o'olock the wind rose again and despite all efforts it broke out on all sides and again vented its fury on the long grass, and could not be prevented till it had destroyed nearly 2000 acres of splendid grass which Mr. Moore was saving for winter purposes. With careful attention on the Saturday and some strati- gem, the willing workers were gratified in stamping it out. Mr. Moore is fortunate in having a little grass left, and therefore will not have to dispose of the whole of his stock. The origin of the fire is thought to be due to rabitters, as a bag similar to those used by rabbiters was found at the spot where the fire started. Several fires have been started in this locality in this way. Bands of boys frequently travel through private property and set fire to logs in pursuit of rabbit, and walk away thoughtlessly. It is to be hoped that this practice will now cease. February 4th, 1901. 