flems of jUtos. " Spectator " Aim abac.—' With this issue wo publish iflir directory and almanac fbr'1902. As usual this contains a mass of -veil '&rraaeed; information relatios to this portion -iff the Western 'district, carefully revised and brought ap - to the latest date eo that the public may have tbe fullest con fidence io the accuracy of ...tbe - contents. A «niair «beet almooac is also ' enclosed with the hook. Sabeaiberato tbe Spectator will receive a copy gratis, and a nominal bftarge vffid willhe made to non-sabscribert.' Sad-Death of a Youth.-— Thomas Obodderton, eldeet uon --of Mr. William Chedderton, of Gleoooeb Grange Creek, jdied-at the «arly ;age. -of 16 yean on Gstardsy. /The dtf'fmd been -Assisting his father in jpAtiog in the -bay on Friday week, and woe anxious tbatlt should all >o -carted io'hy nlgbt'aa the weather threatened Jo change. timeheJeomcinwithaloid he tbokaftdng drink from a tank; the water in whicbivas --exceedingly -cold, himself briua'-kresyOverbwted-at thejame. On GrdWhoJ»mplaiiied to bii /father about Smg'piBhJsfafasutiMBahb,-fid -ashe did nHmptoraV.-aldlawwas-csltod -in.' ptot%as«dffering from crampio the rtomacb wdffflhlbfeiQ -mflaimmtfonpf EbelMVamd vinterwardt w eomebruii tariflflefjbsOTiM; rflughenjaas tailed pdteiltem Td-tecfooavaiJbe HHmg, having been unconscious for the Bit three days. Tbe deccued/who was a great favourite with all who knew him, -was a strong, healthy, Ud, an' exemplary mo, and always acrioas to assist . bis father in the work of the farm. Great sympathy is feltrfor tbe bereaved family. The catting short of this promising yoang life should act as a warning to others wbo are fa the habit of taking cold drinks while their body U overheated. A Heavy Gale. — A terrific gale, carrying along with it dense clouds of dust and ashes so thick at times as to blot out all buildings on the opposite side of the street, swept over here (writes our Pensharst cor respondent) on Satarday last. In its mad frolic it carried away the roofs of several sheds, capsized various hay stacks, com plelely wrecked our photographic studio, upset a horse, cart and load of hay, blow the Rcr. Father LiitchAO, who was coming on to Pensharst from Haukesdalc off hiB bicycle, fortunately without injuring the rev. gentleman, and then passed on to wreak its work of destruction and devasta tion somewhere else, leaving the evening delightfully calm, cool ana pleasant. The Wool -r The shearing operations in the Western District may ho considered at an end for this season, and the consignments of wool arriving at we Hamilton railway station are mostly email ones. We give the following list, showing the wool despatched from here during the past fortnight, viz. December 10th— 38 bales to Geelong. 17th — 4 bales to Mel bourne ; 62 do to South Kensington ; 26 do to Geelong j 8 do to Portland. 18th— 24 bales to South Kensington. 21st — 84 bales to Geelong. 23rd— 7 bales to Portland. 24tb— lObalcfi to Melbourne ; 33 <lo to Gee long. 27th— 19 hales to Newmarket. Hamilton Police Covut.— At tbc Hamilton Court of Petty Sessions on Tues day James Thomas Walsh appeared before Mr. James Yonng, J.P., charged with being a rogue and & vagabond, being found without lawful excuse withio an enclosed area. SuDerintendent Young appeared for the prosecution, and applied for a remand to appear at the court in Dunkcld at 2 p.m. on Wednesday, the Utb January, which ap plication wax granted, bail being fixed, de fendant in his own recognisance of £100, and two sureties of £30 each, or one of £100. Bail was obtained, V.M.R. — Tho following promotions havebcen made in H Company to date from 21st October, 1901 : — To fee Colour- Sergeant, Corporal C- 0. Pcard ; to be Sergeants, Corporal S. Fraser and Private J. H. Carter. Lieutenant E. £. Rigbciti to be Captain, to date from 6th February, 1001. Captain J. M. Ross resigns his commission, dated 19th October, 1900. It is with regret that the members of H Company hear that, owing to ill health, Captain Rcss has resigned his commission, nrior to a 'rin to the old coun- try. He has been in tbu company since tbe formation of the Hjatuk detachment, in August, 1SS8, and haspsEcd through every rank to bis present one. Through his genial manner he has mdearcd himsclt to every one nnder his cmmand. All ranks wish hiin a ploasant tip, a speedy return to good health and bore that lie may com mand once more in the Y.M. R. fti!f.anin< Difficulties.— Shearing is now just about fitiahed. Some of the late sheds held outagiinsi the shearers' de mand for 13s, and are getting the work dooe for J4b per hundrcd.f As showing the ab surdity of the shearer fixing one prico for all cladses of sheep |nlhuut any regard to the work required in shearing liicm (writes " Mariposa" from lie Western District in tbe Jfat oral i<st J Jfrt rw), a shearer stated the other day that lit had been compelled by his mates to sirikf in a shed where only 14a per hundred was offered ; he had shorn there for years, was sell satisfied with Mb filace and wages earicd, but in this " free and " lie became a skvc to the dictates of the other shearers, aid was forced to seek another bhed. He git & place where 15s a hundred was paid, |ut the sheep were so difficult to Bhcar, am, manager so hard to pleaGe, that the most he could earn was 14s a day, whereas at tin other shed he used to knock out 22s a day .vben on the same class of ehcep. Au exampl of tbe length shearers carry the wet sheep question to happened near Dunkcld the otier day. One point of rain fell at the she( daring the morning, And jubilation filledthe shearers' hearts on the piospcct of at bast a (lay off. When shed was cut out, aaother lot promptly put io by manager, each shearer shore a sheep, aud as promptly delated them wet, and re fused to go on. Aax matter of. fact, not a' drop of rain had fall-n on these sheep, which were three miles frbn the station, and iu sunshine, when the 'igbt thunder drops fell at homestead, 60 tint they were absolutely dry, aod yet one aid all of the shearers de clared them wet. Ind the shearers want to be judges of wfcther sheep are wet or not ! A pretty tirru employers would have 1 Anglican iciidkaconries. — At a meeting of tbe domci! of the diocese, Dr. Green, Anglican I liahop of Ball&rAt;, an nounced that io connection with tbc determination to dvide the Ballarat diocese into four archdeabnries, that of tbe south will be designator tbc " Archdeaconry of Otway," and williiclude the whole coastline of the diocese fron Birrcgurra to the South Australian border. That of tbe north-west will bo styled "ihe Archdeaconry of the Grampians," and rill include tbe Hamilton district and thtf A'inimera district. That of the north-ckt will be known, aa at present, as "Ik. Archdeaconry of the Lodrton," and wi! include such centres as St. Aroaud, Inghjvood, Charltou and Boort. The arcbdcaconr nf Ballarat remains as at present. No «reiotments can yet be an nounced to thencw archdeaconries of the Qiway and th Grampians. The arch deaconries of Bllarat and of the Loddon ore occupied by Archdeacons Tucker and Allauby reapectioly. Stat School Appointment. —Amongst tin visitors to Warrnambool daring the Hristmas holidays (says tbe Standard) wosjlr. Geo. Morieeon, whosome years ago resignd bis position at the Warr nambool State school to take op scholastic work In Fiji, w'cre ho remained until a few months ago. Ar: Moriesoa, upon his return to Victoria, w-s re-iostated by the Educa tion departmfa here, and up to the Christ mas vacation was acting as a relieving teacher in th Bendigo district He has now received a permanent appointment iu connection xhfa the Hamilton school. Mr. 1 Morieson'e tuny friends in Warrnambool were pleased o see him again and to note that bis ldy residence in Fiji, with its enervating dhnate, bad in no trey impaired bis health, i Merino! Branch, A.N. a — The usual forb&hLly; meeting of the Merino branch, a.1sa., was held on Monday sight last ; -the pesident was In -the chair and there was i good attpad&nce; of members. The eecretsv presonted the balance sheet for the pastsix mouths, which showed the branch to in a most satisfactory condi tion, there being 54, an increase of 14 far the - year ; i credit balance in current ac count of £ 2s 3d, and an investment -ac count of -£0 in the Colonial bank. Tho certificate t be presented to ibeex-preai- dent was epibjted at tbe meeting, but as the majorir of members thought ft better to hare a eriat evening at some fature date, the preseffalioti was postponed till that time. It ms derided to hold the social - in the meoha&s;' hall on Friday night, 24th January, 3f2. After tyfew items in con- nectioq wis thp social bad Leon arranged the meetinidosed. Thb P&t; Melbourne Tragedy,— The mystel surrounding the finding of the bodies . of mra. -Lucy Chamberlain and her three chilinr "which was reported in a telegram fifinour Melbourne correspondent on SetordA Las' not yet been satisfactorily cleared npf Tbe body of Mrs. Chamberlain baa been ilnUfied as that of the wife of a resident olMcola West, and itamrears that elrebad rafatly/reoted a- famished -house in South'Mlbourne. '-When arranging for the house s a letter-written from Picoja, the only 'tfpulatiffQ ehp -made was that it. eliQOld.be leatr the -«ea. Tbe terms were'. settled, anpehe tookpossessiou of the tene ment s m before Christmas,' hatingwUh' ber it Uridine Tour young daaghlMxTQie house egurietcted ' that she «eeariff|e4re la ddiesleiiw;«ff .te;dimai it was the jaaapetit Jheryrijtputrfng cou- finemntMich fcsd inffdoM wbr to come to MifibobirMitliteKriyff letter- was found «nhntrirgtei»'tff the house, par- portingHifre «rifitea3?y cne if the- tiuio Picote, but-Smu- Ulw|iOTg%ftbildtiirowallghtoaibe- m- ihjY at present, 'weax to disclose ap motive for J the- .wholesale tragedy. The narrative of the father, who has arrived fa Melbonrne, dons not help to clear -the tragedy of its -tayateiy. Tne coople appear to have been living on good tenns, ana he was making a good iirjng by darting wood totheetatiou at Blrotk Gne. witness has stated that early in the moming.of .the murder he heara e chfld'a voice exclaiming J'0 don't mammy," bnt he. appears to have taken no action in the matter. Pastoralibtsand Sheasebs.— Ifcjs welLknown (writes our Harrow correspon dent) that this district had rather more than its share of the shearing difficulties, which were mors or less existent throughout tbe whole of the -States during the late season. Several of tbe stations about here, which, under favourable conditions, would have cut out io threo or four weeks, were in some instances Dine and ten, aud with a .view of endeavouring to remove these difficulties by dis cussing the situation aod receiving suggestions for forwarding to the Fastora- lists' Union, a nooihor of local members of that body mot at the mechanics' institute on the evening of Saturday, the 28th insl. Duriug a lengthy sitting several practical BDsnefitioDs were made with the obioct of bringing about a more barmonioue auto of affaire next eeaaoo. These, it was decided, should be seat to the governing body, but it was not considered advisable to give pub licity to them just at present. A watch-night service will be held in Christ Church ' to-night, commencing at 1L 13 p.m. Saturday was the hottest day experienced in Melbourne this summer, the thermometer registering 1038 degrees in the shade. Messrs. Gum mow and Stewart will sell a large number of sheep and cattle at Bits- toirs yards, Condah, on Tuesday, January 7th. En connection with the subdivision of the Munlham estate, wc are asked to meutioa that all the blocks will be numbered off at the oeginmng or tne year, lnosa wisniog io inspect will be met al Colcraine and driven over the property. Bushfires on au extensive scale have already mado their appear&nco; in various parts oF the country, more especially in lite neighbourhood of Kilmore, Uroodtord and Mouut Macedon, where it is feared many residents have suffered heavily. A young actress named Constance Ekins was fired at on Friday sight near her mother's residence, at Fitzroy, by Frank Dunemas, an unsuccessful suitor for her hand. Several shots were fired, but the young lady was not seriously injured. It is stated that though the utmost amount involved in the Hcnty case is only £11,000, the lawyer's fees alone run to not less than £10,000. Then there is the by no means remote possibility of the case coinc to the Full Court, and ultimately to the Privy Council. Tho annual meeting of tbc Hamiltou Mechanics' Institute and Free Library, is to be held on Wednesday cveuiug, 15th January. Nominations for tbe various offices are to be delivered to the hon. secre tary, Mr. W. R, Stephens, on or before Saturday, litb January. Ray White, the four-year-ofd son of Mr. D. White, a saddler of Jung Jung, has died through the effects of a fall from a fence. At the time ho was not thought to have been seriously injured, and was put to bed as usual. During tho night he became very ill, and be died early next morning. Tho inspection of stock returns regarding , this year's wool clip at Wagga Wagga, show that the average yield was seven pounds per sheep, as compared with 71b 14oz lost year. Lambs this year averaged 21b S&oz;, against 3tb 3oz last year. The heavy decrease is at tributed to the dry wiutcr and ravages of rabbits. A fire -involving the destruction of a threshing-machine, the property of Mr. Savage, and valued at £350, and two stacks of oats valued at £150, belonging to Mr. Logan, of North Murchison, occurred oq Thursday afternoon. The machine had only been at work a few minutes when the fire broke out in the neighbourhood of tho elevator, and in a short time everything except the engine was destroyed, the men having barely time to get off the stacks. New Year, 1002.— Our large assortment of Dolls, Toys and Games must be cleared, space required. Triced all round greatly reduced. Inspect aud obtain an caily selec tion. J. Thomson Qud Co., Gray street.— Advt. Eyesight and krwt.trlii.' —Mr. Mar- chant, Ophthalmic Optician, uf Jlyrie-atifrl, Geelong, is visiting Hamilton, Portland an i Casicrton regularly. The eyesight carefully examined and properly-adjusted spectacles supplied when required. Pamphlets ami testimonials supplied upon application. Charges moderate. 163 Ityrie-sirect, Gee long. Date of next visit to Hamilton, at Mr. Rountrec's Pharmacy, Monday, Jaa. 27tb ; Portland, Tuesday, Jan. 26th ; Cas terton, Thursday, Jon. 30th,— fADvr. 