TIHE PUBLISHED, EVERY THURSDAY EVENING. HONESTY 19 THE BEST POLICY,. THUURSDA,, JAN, 81, 1901; Local News TaH QUEEN'S FuNERAL.,-rSaturday next, being the day appointed for the burial of the Queen will be obser;ed as Sunday at the Treasury and the Post and Telegraph Office, 'DEaT oH MR Ln'DY''S Cuto.-Mr and Mrs G Landy, we regret, to state, had the misfortune to lose their littl .boy Nicholas, 14 'months old, after an ill leas of about a fortnikht, rorm diarrhoea. The funeral s to take place to-morrow (Fridayi afternoon. HOLIDAy.-Dr Esler left I-Heathcoto :his :norniug on two or three woek's holiday, and Dr Barret of Melbourne, who !u'i' ed yesterday, is acting as his locu- ?cnens. Woo? Fop. 'THE IIOSPITAL.- pllior ",onstab a Keegan requests us to atato -hat he is makling an appeal to the wood ecarters to again assist th. H(,3pital by do. hating a load of wobd each. We feel sure that his etfoct- wil? b~ ready:li inde? to, as was don, l.,t e., r. 'Th: 3rd CFebruary is the di*, .,a:.d.i :,< amhve ria. the wood. A ) IriU C??c, i? Nr. O WtdVcnesday j KJ!(W kato salwnill owner; aned osident f w Ruhypr t; wyhilst in chargi f a trsctton engine on Its way icont R?ahwgn~gh tp Kýnotcn, mnTl with a serious reldent whe n earing the. latter trwn,. '1heh beoi of 'is bot caulht in the ir:cnt bche(il :i. thie 6S a?, which passed over his ri At foot, iuXmilitiinl iL dreaditily. At the Ky.net.o Hospi'a, yesterday ths leg was amputated from thle kneeo. THE RULE OF THE ROAD.--We have been requested by the police .to point out that drivers of drays, especially where one man has charge of two or three of them must observe the rule of the road, that is, to allow sufficient roadway for any vehicle coming behind them to pass. Several complaints have been received that this rule is seldom regarded by several drivers in this district, and we are asked to warn those offending that am?- further complaint in this direction will be dealt with as the law permits. ' MONTHLY FAIR.--l-essrs, H. Bradshaw. & Co held a most successful sale last Fri day at the Heathcote yards. There was a good yardirng of all classes of cattle, nud the prices obtacined were fully equal to Bendigo rates. There fairs are well estab lished now, and seem to be greatly ap preciated by the local graziers. There being such a demand for stock, many intending buyers left the yads unsupplied The auctioneers anticipate a good sale for next fair day, several impor,ant lines of cottle having already been advised REVIEW OF RVIEaS.--Wo are in receipt of this periodical for the current month. The number is a very interesting one, con taniin. numerous articles and illustrations appropriate to the present time, including the commonwealth celebrations, the like nesses of the members of the firqt Federal Cabinet &c.;, an dble article by the Rev. W. H. Fitchott, B. A., L. L. D., a very interesting article by the Rev. 'Joseph Berry, on " New Zealand at the begin. ing of the Century ," and a lot of other interesting reading, Mas STOREY FUND -We have re. ceived from Mr Bradshaw, secretary of the above fund, a list of subscribers' which will appear in our next issue. A RELIC FIOM TuIuE LocH ARD.-Mr John M'Dbnald, of Ballarat, who is stay ing at Princetown, found the other day an. interesting relic at the mouth oi the Loch Ard Gorge, It consists of a lady's gold watch, corroded into a solid block liko a round pebble. When the outer casing was removed the glass was found to be intact, the hands and figures on the face being also in bood order. The hands pointed to 20 minutes after the time the Loch Ard struck the rock on June 1, 1878 It is considered probable that the watch belonged to Mrs or Miss Carmichael, both of whom.were washed into the gorge, the i former beine diowned. THE WHEAT,. TRAFFip,--In discussing the block in. the wheat: traffip, (says, the ".Bendigo Advertiser") whieh,is causing so?Ic inconvenience ii} the country districts Mr Mathiesobi, the Co0mmissioner of Rail I ways, on Saturday pointed out what he re gards as the sohytion of the difliculty. eo I states that the ?iopular:idea of increasing I the number, of railway trulols to overcome. the trouble is altogethgr wrong, The real , cause of the blobk, in his opinion, ip that while the Railway department works on the wheat business for the 24 hours'of th6 day, the shipping people only work eight, That is to say, trucks are comiing into the port all day andinight, but the loading into the ships only goes.oz for eight hours. In order.not to crowd the shipping stations with truck-loads of wheat the department adopted the present plan of keeping this wheat at the various lpoal stations until there is a likelihood; of its beini tgaken into. the ships immediately on arrival at the port. From this statement of the cape. it would seem the.difficulty is capable of an easy settlement. All that is necessary is. that the shiplping people should work three. eight;hour shifts instead of one. ACCIDENT.- -Mr 'Thomas Johnson, 23 years of age, son of Mrs Andrew Johnson, of Crosbie, met with a painful accident on Saturday.afternoon last." He had sold 6 bags of wheat and 6 bags of.! oats t. Mrl Albert Hayes. of Tooborac, and, assisted by Mr Hayes, was delivering them in, the Camp Hotel yard, 9'hey had loided the 6 bags of wheat on to Mr Hayes' tip dray, and had.just started on the oats. They were both on the dray, one on each sideoi the first bag of oats, and were carrying it to the fore part of the dray. There not being sufficient room on Mr Johnpon's side of the dray he went ovei the guard iron. His leg struck the wheel, and went down between it and the body of the dray, and as he fell over the wheel hi whola weight was on his leg, which broke as he went over. His leg giving he fell to.the ground, hearing his leg break against the wheel. He suffered great pain, as the fracture .,ae a very severe one, the bones protruding through the wound. The accident was witneesed by ssveral people who were standing about. Johnson was taken to the Hospital on a couch, where he was put under chloroform, and the fracture set by rho medical officer, the honorary surgeon being in attendance and administering the chloroform. The patient, we are glad to cay, is, progressing satisfactorily BusurFiE.-On. Tuesday last week a fire started on the road opposite the pro. perty of Mr W. C. Robinsen, at Knowsley East, having been caused by a trac. tion engine, drawing a threshing machine. A stop had been made to get wood for the engine, which had been taken a little off the roacf, and some burning coals dropped from the engine on to the grass and set it going. There were a dozen or more men.with the thresher, and they at once set to work to put the fire out the best way they could, but having no bushes or anything suiiable at the moment to beat it out the fire got Sinto Mr Robinson a paddock. The men still kept at it, and by the time the residents in the neighborhood crane up, the fire was got under. Luckily" the fire was checked by a road, which materially helped in. its being put out. Had it (arosted the road it is stated the fire would haave swept overoc a large ex tent of settled country at Knoweley and beyond it. Only about 8 or 10 acre.~ of grass were burnt, but it was only due to hard work that the fire was kept within hounds. Good service was rendered ?hy Mr A. Caripbell, the Meossrs, Erwin and Mr Craig, whose water carts were kept going put ting out burning logs for some time after the grass had been extinguished, und also the water cart used fo" supplying the engine of the thresher. it is very credit able to the men belcnging to the machine that they. did their best in putting out the fire, and waited as long as their services were needed, for, generally speaking, people travelling are not particular about fires. BvsuseIRE EY?'OND TII' W\VLD DucK. Shorily after 4 o'clock yesterday afternoon the townspeople nottced sinm;ok rising in the westward from it bushfire apparently at no great distance frotm the town and at nighIt the glare from it could Lb plain!y seen. At the time the fire started a strong north wind was blowing. The day. was a very hot one, and on account of the long grass any attempt to check a fire under the clrcumitances would be almost it not quite impossible. Between 5 and. 6 however the wind veered round to the west and sho:rly aiterwards to the south, and as the night progressed it gradually decreased till it ah?ost died out. The fire came from the direction of Spring Plains, trav,'lling pry rapidly h d went through $11q 'pSýý' ýje s of MeF,,n T. 'i' .,L. l;1 W. l.angster, Rowe, 0. Ferguson, and W. Drewitt, destroyin M':,re or less Frass and . feoucing bhlongin, to each of the owners of :: the properties mentioned. The ownersK assisted by qotsers, including some from Heathcote worked hard to get the ireo under, which before the night was over, they succeeded in doing, and managed u during the progress of the fire to keep it back from the homesteads threatened.?r Burning trees and logo necessitated seýeral i renmaning to prevent the fire f;om getting . a fresh start. We learn it started again to-day. 1)DEA' or Mirs\ SCOTT.--We are very sorry this week to have to record the deatih, which.occurred at the Hospital Syesterdat y aftgrnooin, of Miss Eva Scott, eldest daughter, of Mr Robert Scott, of t South Heathcote. Miss Scott, who wast only 17 years of ago, had been ill since a little before Christmans, suffering from n hydatids, she having been brought into the I Hospit:al on Wednesday last week. On that day a consultation was held by Dr Atkinson, of IBendigo, and Drs Esler and Reid, when aanoperation was decided upon' and successfully performed on Sunday morning last by Dr Esler, assisted by Drs Gray and Reid, the operation affording the only, though slight, hope of saving her htle?,but owing, to her weak state she v as unable to survive, and died as stated yesterday afternoon. Miss Scott was a native of Heathcoto and was a very clover girl at school and a very promising young lady. She had been for nearly two years in Mrs Wood's dressmaking department at the Beehive Store, and was very highly esteemned by her employers and fellow workers and much liked by all who were acquainted with her. She was a met4ber of the Girls' Frie.:dly Society, w'ho are getting an immortal wreath from Mel bourne, and Mrs Wood's staff have sent flowers Her .untimely decease is a sad blow to the parents and family and much sympathy is felt for them in their bereavement. The funeral which is not I at the expense of the Hospital, is to leave that institution at 8 o'clock to-morrow (Friday) afternoon. 