GBeroopie Sensation. , A Wild Bush.FirQ. Extensive Damage. A Sad Christinas.— A Scene of . , Terror. Olenorio has been visited by one of the most disastrous bush fires' that has ever occurred h( re, reports The Abgus Gienorie 'correspondent. Last Sunday tho whole country, for a distance 20 miles, was on fire. It extended from hero to Wisoman's Perry and has practically burnt the wholo ot Qlenorie. Only about four plnceaes ciped, and at the time .of writing tho fire ia still-burning in many-places. ? The temperature on tho 17th rose to 109 degrees in the shade. The fires on that date wero confined to a small area, but last Sunday the temperature was 102. The firo broke out about' 12 a.m., and spread with great rapidity over the whole of Glenorio. Telegraph poles are burnt down in the direction of tho Ferry, culverts aro burnt out, and traffic is almost blocked. Some very sad cases aro reported. While the fire; raged, the noise was like an ap proaching cyclone. Every one was»terri fied, horses and .cattle were galloping like mad, ories of help were heard, but no one knew where they came from. It was im possible to see 20 yards ahead. Snakes, hares, and all sorts of vermin were travel ling in front of the fire. Hares were seen with all their hair burnt off. It would take up too much of your space following are a few names of the heaviest losers : — ' Mr.F. E. Black, all the fencing burnt, trees scorched ; the green hills are burnt out. - ', J. Stubbs, shods, hay, harness, the wholo working plant and fencos destroyed, or chard badly scorched. . . -, J'. Wigiugton, shods, ieuces, tools, &c.j; destroyed. ' ' . , L. Dettmann, trees and vines badly burnt. . . A score of others have had trees and vines completely ruined. Mandarin tre'os were burnt ofE level with the ground. Women and children turned out to protect the homesteads and did good service. It will be somo time before an estimate of the real damage can bo got at.' Miles of fencing are completely gone. Messrs. Dale and Arnold got their feet badly burnt, but did yeoman's service in helping to save property. jLfuua woioujiug iuuj uuuaua nuu auuuo for protection. The 22nd will never bo forgotten in Gienorie, and will bo known as ' Black Sunday. At night the bush presented a most terrible sight. It is really a miracle that any homesteads were saved. Glpnorie, flourishing but a week ago, is now nothing but a blackened picture. Forests appear to be all dead and black, while the fruit trees near the bush are' so badly burnt that their owners say they will never come round. Peaches were baked ou the trees. Rain would never be moro acceptable than ' at prosent. Waterholes and creeks are almost dry, and water for domestic purposes will not hold out much longer. The green crops are a failure, while the late ftuit can never fill out unless rain falls. Oranges aud lemons feel the drought soyoroly, oxcopt young trees, which look fairly well. 