AFTER THE CYCLONE. RELIEF FOR THE SUFFERERS. IMMEDIATE HELP WANTED. AN APPEAL TO THE PUBLIC. Since the bushfires swept the country side early in the present year there has been no visitation so disastrous to the settlors in the district around Ballarat as that -of Thursday last, -and without visit ing the scene add 'traversing the track of the cyclone it is impossible to realise the sad destruction of property and the immense loss sustained, by the farmers. In many cases where once there were snug farms and homesteads, orchard's laden with fruit, and crops almost ripe for the harvester, there remains a scene of deso lation-; -the houses ruined and uninhabit able, and in many instances blown to splinters; the crops beaten dawn and dam aged beyond remedy; the orchards strip ped of fheir -fruit; agricultural limple meats rendered useless, and cattle and sheep killed. This is no fancy ward-pic ture, -bu't a statement of bald facts, which may be verified by anyone visiting the de vastated area. Dealing with those farm ers on. the -Bung-aree side there has -been brought undT_ our notice the absolute necessity for immediate monetary assist ance, and when dit is understood that not only (have many of -the farmers had their stacks of last year’s hay so scattered by the storm .that hardly half a dozen tons can bs gathered together, but that ithe pre sent crop cannot 'be reaped, as it has been completely ruined, and on top of this mart their homes, furniture, and clothing have been scattered far and wide by the cyclone, their fencing destroyed, and their cattle killed, it will be -readily admitted that they have a strong claim on prac tical sympathy. It must be understood that the sufferers are inot many in number. Perhaps bli'eu-e -are at -the out side some 25 to 30 families in want, but to 'those who have lost it is their all—the gathering of a life -time of hard a-nd con stant labor. Then nob a few of them have been personally -injured by the flying debris, and to these physical suffering comes bo_ -add to their troubles. What is ■wanted is -prompt -mion'etai-y 'assislnnee, and, therefore, an 'appeal is made through “ Tiie S tart’ to 'the 'Ballarat -public to give something, if only a little, to aid the suf fer era in. providing themselves with the necessaries of 11-ife, until their -homes can be rebuilt. Out in the Bu-mgaree dis trict -the more fortunate residents who were not in -the -track of the cyclone, -but who have -had ample opportunities of wit nessing the destruction of their fellow residents’ -homes, hla-ve 'generously initiat ed a relief fundi But this will not touch Ballarat; -therefore, those who sympathise with the sufferers -at -Bunga-ree are asked to send to this office their donations to -what is -one of -the most deserving causes that has yet (been- brought before ihe peo ple of this district. All subscriptions re ceived will be duly acknowledged in- these coumn-s. 