JUBILEE OF BLACK THURSDAY. abnormally high tempera ture. THE COUNTRY IN A BLAZE. Yesterday was the 50th anniversary of Black Thursday, a disastrous experience in colonial history that lives in the memories of u few old pioneers. The temperature was worthy of the jubilee of that awful day, when the fire fiend raged through Victoria, and left universal desolation in its train. The heat was terrific, the north wind resem bling-a blast from a furnace, and business came almost to a stand-till. At the Mecha nics' the mercury bubbled up to 110*1 in the shade, whilst the suu radiation equalled 1GG*5 deg. These readings are by observa tory instruments, but according to Mr T. Wright the mean shade temperature was 104 deg. It was hot enough for anything, however, the difference of half-a-dozen degrees being a more trifle do people who, from necessity, had to be out of doors. Tho outbreak of bushfires, under the circum stances, was. not remarkable, and towards evening, the atmosphere was pungent with Bmoke, driven over the town by a eliango of wind, thai wa.s fortunate for many people who had been battling all the day to gave their homesteads. Had tho 1 .clearance of timber been us general 50 years age it ladoubtful if Black Thursday would 1 have been more disastrous to country resi dents than yesterday's outbreak. From Birregnrra to Warrnambool bnsh fires were raging all along the railway line, and immense damage was done by the destruc tion of grass, timber, haystacks and fencing. Ono of tho most extensive fires broke out between Jan Ooort and Birre gurra. It devastated miles of country, destroyed several houses in its path, and for a time threatened the township of Birregurra itself. It was only by superhuman efforts that its advance was checked, and an old man who assisted suffered to such a serious extent that lie had to be removed to the Colac Hospital. Great damage was done at Forrest and tho vicinity of Yaughor, and the coach traffic to Timboon was interrupted by the fires raging all along tho road between that place and tho coast. Between Airey'a Zulet and Torquay a large hush fire was blazing throughout tho day, and the Auakies were enveloped in flames, which swept through several properties including Elcho, Marathon and "Wooloo manata. The fire-, in many eases, burnt within a fow feet of the haystacks, and at Xjittle River much havoc was wrought. There was a brilliant] reflection from the fires at Anakies and Ijittlo River last evening) and from the tower at the Gordon College the flames were distinctly visible as they swept ! over the country. At Allansford, in the [ Warruambool district) the townspeople | had difficulty in saving the town | ship, and the Birregnrra railway | station also had a narrow escape. | Early in the day a fire broke out at Qighton | on the property of Messrs Harrison and | Johns, and fanned) by the wind it, travelled j with great rapidity. The flames Hwept ! towards the homestead of a Air Morris, threatening to destroy it. A large force of , fire fighters turned out, and for two hours battled with tho flames, and it is stated with success. Many farmers from the locality were in town, and when they hoard of the outbreak they immediately set out for home. When the last report reaohed town the fire had travelled as far as what is known as 44 Tho Avenue." 