EXTENSIVE BUSH FIRES. DEVASTATION ON BYEIIY HAND. LOSS OK LIKE. , Krom .11 ,..rU of Victoria come direful tilling, of tl.tii.c. MiHeil by bush-lire, on Thursday. Miles of country have been rendered barren and homesteads di». atroyed, whilst at Hirregurra, where a fire was started by aspirk from a passing engine,, three boys. whose ages ranged from 10 to 12 year#; were rtfaatfaj, to death, Many of those who turiied out to combat the flames also received terrible injuries, and of three men taken to the CoIiq Hospital one, named Kingwell, died on Friday. In the Hamilton district great damage has been wrought, many farmers having loat everything. At the township of Lower Byaituk the scene of desolation is said to he terrible, and out of IS build- logs only three are left standing, anil mothers nod their children are auirering great privation, being dependent on the hospitelity of people about for food. The tree Presbyterian Church was also burnt to tho ground. None of the owners saved anything, and many narrow escapes are recorded. The clothes of several caught lire, and tho unfortunate people had to immerse themselves in creeks and dams. The hotel caught lire several times, but was stvod, Mr. K. T. Carty, Briabsno Hill, had hia run swept, soil his fine homestead and the woolshed, inen s hut and stables destroyed. Mr. Thomson's Monivae Kstnto suffered heavily. It is supposed thst 2,000 sheep were roasted. Some 600 aro lying dead in one snot. Mr. Thomas Koliertson'a Murrea Kstalo is practically all burnt over, but he saved the homostesd. Ho loot about 2.000 ahcep. Messrs. Fraser Bros, lost 640 acres of grass. Tho loss on MrA. (J. Stewart Lyme's eatateis ubout 4,000 acres and some 400 sheen. Mr m. Christie lost 1.000 acres of grass and 150 sheep; Mr. J. M'Leati, Camp Creek, . number of ahcep and Ins home- "|5®d » Mr. .1. B. Klnghorn, Black Hill, 170 acres of grass and 200 sheep; Mr. Peter Christie, Blink Bonnie, 400 acres ; and Air. John Cliriitie, Garvald Vale, 00 Lincoln ewes. At Buckley Swamp, Mr. John M'Leao lost stables, sheds, liarneas, machinery, ami 200 acres of grass ; Hec tor Morrison, 250 shJep ; Messrs. Angus and Archibald M'Dougall, 400 acres : Air. James Steel, woolshed, hay nrni sheep ; Mrs. Kirkwood, house, sheds, reaper and binder, three cows. The atato school here was also burut. Fires also taged at Grassdate and Mia- kit# nod Branxholme, in the Cuterton district. At South Branxholme n farmer named M'lutosb was burned to death in. tryiog to save his home, and tnaoy other people hod narrow escapes. The losses of stock are enormous, as farms have been desolated In ill directum#. Losses in properly and stock aro re. ported from More, in the Harrow dis trict. One person lost 050 sheep out of 1,000 she owoed, whilst others lost stacks of hay. chad, machinery, woolshed#, &c.; In the Yea district an areaof60or70 square miles of good dairyiog and graz ing country has been completely devas tated, and in addition miles of fencing ml thousands of sheep havo been de stroyed, The comotery was also devas tated, and the sight of the tombstones standing in a sea of tlame was a most awesome spectacle. Another outbreak occurred at Kobyboyn, in tho same dis trict, and many miles of country have beeo laid waste. To the Stawell district a disastrous fire occurred at Wal Wal,.und much damage mites from Stawet, south of the Black Kaoges. A beekeeper loat 100 hives, and a Mrs. Campbell, n nonogenarian, lost her home. A man named -William Northfield, a wood-cutter, died in the Geelong has- Jiitel on Friday. Ho received terrible njtiriee In a fire at Anakie on Thursday, being burnt from head to foot. ' "From Avenel, Uuninyong, Hamper- down, Nathalie, Colar, lleallicole and other places come reports of outbreaks of fire. Telegraph lines have been wrecked in many Parts of the colony, whilst railway lines havo also been dam aged, causing delays in the arrival of traius. News from Dentliqutu states that a large hush fire occurred during the wook at Boonokc, Puckawidgeo and Uoabula stations, destroying 7000 acres of grass, and buroiog IS telegraph poles ami in terrupting telegraphic communication. Another tiro near Finley destroyed 3000 acres of grass before it was extinguished. A man whose condition prevents him from giving particulars beyond the fact that his name is Henry Curti#, was ad mitted to the Wungaratta Hospital on Tuesdujuiight from Longwood, suffering acutely from tho effects ofthe inhalation of hot air iud smoko while sasistiog at bush fires In that district this week. The patient Ii in a serious state, his throat nil stomach being much affected. Fires raged all day Thursday and Thurs day night tn tho thickly-settled districts of Splitter's Creek, Biingowaiinah, Stony Park and Jiuders. It seems that the fire originated ou the farm of Mr. Palmer, and burnt through Btr. Ortilipp's, the back of Air. Grievc's property, and Mr. Osborne's lease. At limes it travelled so quickly that |>eople found a difficulty in getting out of the way of tho flames. During the day there was a second out break two miles away, near Blr. Osborne's tacks, and tho homestead narrowly es caped destruction. Reports to hand on Friday show that the Splitter's Creek fire was of a serious character. Serious fires have also occurred in Tasmania.' At Hobart the commissioner of police has received a telegram that 60 houses wero burnt down at Qaeenstown and Lindavalley on Thursday night, and that the homeless occupants are shelter- Ids in the Town Hall. Fires trc also raging around Slrabsn and Zcchan, and the gale continues. 