AFTER THE CYCLONE. RELIEF FOR THE SUFFERERS. IMMEDIATE HELP WANTED. AN APPEAL TO THE PUBLIC. Since the bushfires swept the country side early in the present year there has been no visitation so disastrous to the settlers in the district around Ballarat as that of Thursday Last, and without visit ing the scene arid traversing the trade of the cyclone it is impossible to realise the sad destruction of property and the immense loss sustained by the farmers. In many cases where once there were sung farms and homesteads, orchards laden with fruit, aud crops almost ripe for the harvester, there remains a-scene of deso lation; the houses ruined and uninhabit able, an'd in many instances blown to splinters; the crops beaten down and dam aged beyond remedy; the orchards strip ped of their fruit; agricultural 'imple ments rendered useless, and cattle and sheep killed. This is no fancy word-pic ture, but a statement of bald facts, which may be verified by anyone visiting the de vastated area. Dealing with those farm ers on the Bungaree side there has been brought undr our notice the absolute necessity for immediate monetary assist ance, and when it is understood that not onlly 'have many of the farmers had their stacks of last year’s hay so scattered by the storm that hardly half a dozen tons can be gathered together, but that the .pre sent crop cannot be reaped, as it has been completely ruined, and on top of this mat their homes, furniture, and clothing have been scattered far and wide by the cyclone, their fencing destroyed, an'd their cattle killed, it will be readily admitted that they have a strong claim on prac tical sympathy. It must be understood that the sufferers are not many in •number. Perhaps there are at the out side some 25 to 30 families in want, but to .those who have lost it is their all—the gathering of a life 'time of hard and con stant 'labor. Theu not a few of them have been personally injured by the flying dtebrig, and to these physical suffering comes bo add to their troubles. What as wanted is prompt monetary assistance, and, therefore, an .appeal is made through “ Th e Star” to .the 'Ballarat public to give something, if only a little, to aid the suf ferers in providing themselves with the necessaries of 'life, until their homes can be rebuilt. Out in, the Bungaree dis trict the more fortunate residents who were not in the track of the cyclone, but who have had ample opportunities of wit nessing the destruction of their fellow residents’ homes, have generously initiat ed a relief fund. But mis will not touch Ballarat; therefore, those who sympathise with the sufferers at Bungaree are asked to send to this office their donations to what is one of the most deserving causes that has yet been brought before the peo ple of this district All subscriptions re ceived will be duly acknowledged in these coumns. 