FATAL CASE OF SUNSTROKE. URALLA, Wednesday. Yesterday the temperature was 96°. A boy, son of Mr. Stahlhut, roadman, died from sunstroke. BATHURST, Wednesday. Several disastrous fires have occurred in the dis- trict, destroying crops. Yesterday a standing crop of Mr. Joseph Cox was destroyed, and other crops have been injured. BROKEN HILL, Wednesday. The weather locally is pleasant to-day ; 84° was the highest shade reading. BERRY, Wednesday. The weather is hot and dry. It was 95° in the shade today. The pastures are burnt up, and rain is badly needed. CASINO, Wednesday. The heat yesterday was 115°, which is a record. COLLARENDABRI, Wednesday. Yesterday was the hottest day experienced here for many years. In places the thermometer registered over 120°. To-day it has not reached within 5° of that heat. Yesterday the infant son of Mr. H. Greenway died from heat apoplexy. Birds in the bush were too much exhausted to get out of the way of people, and scores which invaded houses would not fly away when disturbed. A bush fire has been raging for several days on Collymongle. Several selectors have been com- pletely burnt out. About 50 men are working day and night, but are unable to extinguish the flames. It is feared the fires will spread all over the water- course country between here and Moree. CORAKI, Wednesday. Grass and crops are being burnt up. All the early corn is beyond recovery and the pastures on all high- lands are almost completely gone. Cattle are being driven from the big scrub and the highlands to the flats and swamps. COONAMBLE, Wednesday. Yesterday was the hottest day for 17 years. One glass recorded 111° and others much higher. A hot wind blew all day. CORAKI, Wednesday. The heat during the last three days has been up to 112°, which is a record. Hot north-west winds pre- vailed yesterday and to-day. CROOKWELL, Wednesday. The grass is being burnt up. Harvesting is in full swing. CUDAL, Wednesday. A fierce westerly gale prevailed yesterday, accom- panied by clouds of dust, which penetrated every- thing. The temperature rose to 101°, and at 6 p.m. it was 98°. GRAFTON, Wednesday. The weather is still oppressive. It was 112·5 in the shade to-day. GULGONG, Wednesday. A terrific westerly gale prevailed yesterday. The town was enveloped in dust. The heat was 107°, which is a record. At 6 p.m. it was 100°. Rain is badly wanted. The townspeople are buying water. The wheat crops are the best for years. GUNNING, Wednesday. A bush fire broke out close to the town last night, with a still breeze blowing. To-day Collingwood and Frankfield and other station properties were threatened. Townspeople have gone out to render assistance. The wind is blowing strong from the south-west. INVERELL, Wednesday. The heat yesterday was 108°, a record. To-day it was 100°. LISMORE, Wednesday. The temperature to-day was 111°. A hot wind prevailed all the forenoon. LITHGOW, Wednesday. To-day is comparatively cool, but rain is much needed. LIVERPOOL, Wednesday. Yesterday afternoon a bush fire occurred in the vicinity of Mill Creek, a tributary of George's River, at Holdsworthy, and the high wind which prevailed at the time caused the flames to spread with mar- vellous rapidity. During the evening the fire, which was plainly visible from Liverpool, raged fiercely, and resulted in the destruction of the residences of Messrs. Pike and Underwood. Reports to hand state that the only things saved by Mr. Underwood were his horse and trap; also that a wool-scouring industry on the creek sustained damage to the extent of about £50 by the fire. MACLEAN, Wednesday. Yesterday the heat was 113°. At Woodford quarry the men employed on the Clarence River harbour improvement works were knocked off at midday. One slight case of sunstroke was reported. It was surprising how, in the face of the great heat, the men and horses stood the strain as long as they did. MOREE, Wednesday. An extensive bush fire is raging on the water- course, doing considerable damage. A fire was smouldering at Burrendoon for 10 days and was fanned into flame by the wind yesterday, and by night had travelled 25 miles to Bulloondoon. It is supposed to be 10 miles wide and has done damage on Collymongle and Meroe. Large bush fires have been raging between here and Gravesend. MOSS VALE, Wednesday. The last few days were extremely hot, with strong winds. To-day, however, is pleasant and cool. MUSWELLBROOK, Wednesday. Very oppressive weather is prevailing. The heat on Tuesday was 106° in the shade, but was intensi- fied by the fierce hot wind, which was one of the worst over experienced here. The heat on Monday and Tuesday nights was also excessive. NUNDLE, Wednesday. Hot winds prevailed to-day. ORANGE, Wednesday. The weather yesterday was very hot, the official register being 92°. Clouds of dust blew over the district. To-day has been delightful. PARKES, Wednesday. Yesterday the heat was 110 degrees. PATERSON, Wednesday. Yesterday the heat was 111°. It is very hot to-day. ROCKLEY, Wednesday. Yesterday the heat was 97°. A gale blew thoroughout the day and a dust-storm lasted for four hours. SUTHERLAND, Wednesday. The heat to-day was again excessive. Reports to hand to-day show that much more damage was done than was anticipated by the bush fires yesterday. Pro- perty holders were busy assisting one another to beat back the approaching fires. Amongst the worst sufferers were Mr. Wiggins (fences all burnt down and many trees destroyed), Mr. Fraser, Mr. Nicholas, and Mr. Dorph. A wooden bridge over a creek on the Woronora road caught fire, but for- tunately was discovered in time to be saved by the settlers close by. Unless rain soon comes there will be a water famine in the district. TAMWORTH, Wednesday. The heat has been very oppressive during the past few days. The official maximum readings of the thermometer have been as follows:—Monday 100°, Tuesday 107°, Wednesday 98°. One of the corpora- tion labourers named Maurice Condon collapsed while at his work, and on being removed to the hospital was found to be suffering from heat apo- plexy. TOMINGLY, Wednesday. Excessive heat with a fierce westerly wind pre- vailed yesterday. The temperature was 106°. WELLINGTON, Wednesday. Yesterday was the most oppressive day experienced here for a very long time, the thermometer regis- tering 105° in the shade. A very strong wind blew clouds of dust over the town during the whole day. WEST MAITLAND, Wednesday. The heat yesterday was 112°, a record for Mait- land. Bushfires are raging within 10 miles of the town. Birds have fallen dead in hundreds at Leddon. The heat wave still continues, but is not nearly so oppressive as yesterday. The maximum register was 102°. Bushfires raged between Bishop's Bridge and Buchanan yesterday and last night. At Buchanan the Messrs. Leggett had considerable difficulty in saving their homesteads from the flames which swept away fencing and acres of scrub. In the vicinity of Heddon, on the East Greta railway line, the sleepers caught fire, but the workmen suppressed the flames. One of the railway bridges was saved with difficulty. WINDSOR, Wednesday. Large bush fires are raging around the town, and the town is enveloped in smoke. A bush fire between Windsor and Penrith, about three miles from Wind- sor, is burning fiercely and destroying everything in its way. Several houses have been burnt, the occupants barely escaping with their lives. It is reported that two men are missing. A lot of cattle were burnt and several dropped dead with the heat as they were being driven to a place of safety. The fire started somewhere on the north side of Bow- man's paddock, and aided by the strong wind yester- day, it swept through the paddock, crossing the Penrith-road, and is still burning fiercely towards Blacktown. The thermometer registered at the Windsor Ob- servatory 110·50 in the shade. yesterday. To-day it is not so hot as it was yesterday. WOLLONGONG, Wednesday. The heat has been intense again to-day, almost equalling yesterday's, and accompanied by hot winds. Last night fires were raging all round the mountain ranges in the vicinity of Brokers' Nose, and this morning in the vicinity of Port Kembla. The intense heat is having a very bad effect on the grass throughout the district. The green fields of a few weeks back now have a very burnt-up appearance. 