THE terrible losses suffered by so many of the settlers; in the Western1 and Northern districts tin ough bush fires once again raises the question as to hovv far such are preventible; Each district of the State, it will be noticed, is swept, by flame in turn. One year the Gippslaiid settlers are the sufferers ; in the next, those in the Western areas ; and then the . hlilflings/bP the; jNbrthern and North-eastern. inhabitants are; licked by the rod tongue of destruction. Of course this ap parently ordered movement of the_ dread forces of devastauoii is well understood : 1 \y country people,, who know thai generally three years are required to ensure enouuh food for a ieallv fierce bush-fire. " It is alinost an absolute . buy in the timber districts ; bur pf course in Nome exception >ily well-grassed areas, ayhure the stock have not been able to keep the grasses down, they uet coarse arid . dry . and may furnish material for a coiitiagr,, tion, much . more often. Grass 'fire-', indeed,, are probably mqredangerou than forest fires, inasmuch as with a fair wind behind I hem : they travel Jtnucli ' faster- and burn much more fiercely than' .. where there is pl-.-nty of green timber aird scrub to restrain their forward .rush. There is a suspicion in cne inmas.np some peopie suae many of these fires really ; are prevantible. Despite the fa«t that they often have such serious evidence of the dangm-a from fire the majority of our settlers take little precaution against it, Tiiey seem to have a. marvellous way of leaving everything to Providence. Yet in the heavily gras.-ed areas of - the Western districts more particularly, the people are iu a better: position than thestrugg ers in the heavily timbered areas; to provide safeguards.; Very few of them how ever, thiik it necessary to make fire-breaks around either their ou er paddocks or home steads. Indeed, their ncgligencefin this respect seems almost criminally culpable. Some of them will-not t-ven take the trouble bo cut or f'-ed down the. long grasses around. their houses and in their gardens .anil orchards. Yet there would not be nearly so many h . m'trending tales to tell of loss of life, homesteads and stock, if settlors would- only adopt the most ordinary safeguards. Fire-breaks wili nob always serve, but they- will often check the spread of a fire bef--re it has got ouch head way on it. To what extent the Rail way Department is responsible f r many fires it is hard to judge. There is., plenty "fi'f hearsay evidence as to the injury resulting from , engine sparks, biu direct testimony of definite value appears t - be lacking. The complaint against the enaine sparks is an easy and understandable -me to make, and may have considerable founda tion in fact, if we culdonly get an it. Doubtless also the exaggeration is not wanting. , Them is certainly excellent, opening; for a ' thoroughly efficient spark arrester for the railway en vines, and thoimh many invent, -rs ' have so far only earned failure, or at most partial -"success- in this' direction, let us hope the. man and the arrester will arrive ere long. The greatest depth at which mining operations are carried on in Great Britain is 3500ft — at the Pendleton Colliery. In the Lake Superior dis- trictly this depth has been greatly exceeded. tfie Caulmet and Hecla coppers mine having a depth of 4800ft. At Nons, in Belguim, a colliery is being work at a depth of nearly 4000ft. Any opaque substance (says ' Engineering') such as a wet duster, or the surface of water, and this, adds our contemporary, explains Mr Marconi's greater success in telegraphy over sea than over land. The radiations that fall 011 the water am reflected upwards again, while of those that fall on earth a part at any rate areabsorbed. Mr Marconi found that when his instrument xvould only just give readable signals between two stations 40 miles apart on shore, they would act splendidly between two stations separated for 40 miles at sea. A few wet da s will greatly improve the sending over land, because the earth gets fairly wet, land becomes opaque to electric waves. The range of Mr Marconi's apparatus in South Africa was greatly restricted by the dryness of the soil ; all the waves that touched the earth were absorbed, and thus the influence of the radiation died out very rapi.dy, and messages could not be transmitted so far as was anti cipated. A marriage is arranged and wi 1 shortly take place between .Major-General Reginald Pole- Carew C. L., who has been mentioned as the first commander of the Federal Australian forces, and Lady Beatrice Butler, elder daughter of the Marquis and Marchion ss of Ormonde. The pride of Arabi Pariia is broken at last, and. if we are to believe the telegrams, the great. 1 rebel is to go home again, forgiven by the Khedive. Lord YV-Jseley will be interested in thehiews. It was 'Sir Garnet' who broke the power of Arabi and scattered his 30,000 braves at Tei-el-Kebir. For years he had been the greatest man in Egypt — head of the National partv. chief of the army, and Dictator, with the Sultan behind him He defied France mid England, and pushed on the fortifications at the sea front. Then the British guns sounded at Alexandria. Arabi fled, and the mob ho 'eft behind him laid th - citv in ruins. The British troops found 2000 massacred Europeans in the streets. But there was a terrible epilogue at Tel el-Kebir, and Arabi, completely overpowered, pleaded guilty like the savage hero that he is, and was sentenced to di-ath. The sentence was changed to one of perpetual exile, and the chief, proud in his fall, has again and again declared that he would prefer exile or death to uoing back to E.ypt to be taunt d with having been the c use of British occupation. 