BUSH FIRES. WIDESPREAD DESTRUCTION. Meadows South, March 28. The whole district was completely sur- rounded by most disastrous bush fires yes terday. Very strong north winds blew throughout the day, and early in the morn ing the residents were alarmed at seeing a fierce fire raging within three miles of the town. It started among the Bull's Creek hills and burned most rapidly till night. The local residents went forth to help in fighting the flames. For hours they labored, but still the fire swept cattle, sheep, and everything before it. The wind was so Strong that pieces of fire were blown quite a mile in distance, and of course, started to burn wherever they settled. The fire crossed the road between four and five miles up, and then went with fearful speed to- wards Ashbourns and Strathalbyn. Close on 100 sheep were burned, and 'still some are missing. Hundreds of. acres of splen- did feed were destroyed, as also were many miles of fencing. Towards evening the flames were beaten down considerably, but still the fire has to be carefully watched, and should more, hot weather set in it will no. doubt start again. When all the helping hands had gone from here another large fire was noticed at Prospect Hill. Here again a deal of dam- age was done. Mr. G. J. Maidment lost three or four hundred acres of feed, along with miles of fencing, some of which, had only just been put up. Mr. Rogers also was completely burnt out, nothing but the house being saved. Many of the farmers had feed destroyed, but the damage done is nothing compared to that at Bull's Creek. Disastrous fires were at the same time burn- ing close to Echunga, placing the town in great danger, but unfortunately all hands had gone from here and were unable to give any assistance there. About 4 o'clock in the afternoon the wind veered to the south- west and brought a cool change, with light showers of rain. All fires are partially ex- tinguished, but should the weather set in warm 'there is every probability of their breaking out again. ' Port Elliot, March 28. Two destructive bush fires started in the hills, about 7 miles from Port Elliot, yes- terday at about 10 o'clock. One was in the Hindmarsh Valley, at the Waterfalls, and the other at Cut Hill. The former followed a course through the property of Messrs. Lindsay, where it started, and on through that of Messrs. Hutchinson, Hanns, and Watson to the Hindmarsh River, destroy- ing miles of fencing .and. thousands of acres of feed. The fire then made its way in an easterly direction and formed two long tongues. One went down the valley on to Mr. Welch's farm, where it destroyed a number of sheep, besides about 5OO acres of grass. It then passed on to Mr.Willin- son's, Wattle Gully, which was completely gutted, about 80 acres of wattles being con- sumed. Mr Willinson narrowly escaped serious injuries. The other tongue went straight over to Mr. Gosden's, and-.on to Mr Lovell's, destroying everything that came in its course. Then it went on to Mr. Virgin's land and across to Mr Fay's estate, and, but for the efforts of a number of men there, Mrs. Fay's house and out- houses must have perished. The fire is still burning, in the: guliies, but it is well in hand and men are'watching it night and day. A strong north wind was blowing all the afternoon. Mr. C Mathews sent a tele- gram to Mr. Jones, of Port Elliot, asking for volunteers, and a party soon left for the scene of the .outbreak, but their efforts were of no avail against the terrific wind. Mount Gambier, March. 27. A fire broke out near the Border Preserv- ing Works, Compton, this morning, and burnt about 8 acres of grass on the Moorak Estate. Later in the day, aided by an ex- ceedingly strong wind, it broke out again, and burnt in a south- easterly direction in the same estate, destroying much valuable grass. The quantity, is estimated roughly at about 500 acres. A number of beaters then succeeded, after much trouble, in extin- guishing, the flames "at the Benara -road to the south-west of the Mount. It was also reported that a fire was. burning in close proximity to the Glencoe station home- stead. Mount Gambier, March 28. The grass fire which happened on the Moorak estate yesterday was attended with more serious consequences than was at first anticipated. Much valuable grass was burnt and the rifle butts on the Mount Percy range were destroyed. The con tents of the small depots were demolished, and several hundred rounds of ammunition which were stored there exploded. Alto- gether the Mounted Rifle Company esti- mate their loss at about £25 On the same day fires of a more or less serious nature were burning at Ardno, Allandale, Port Macdonald, Kalangadoo, the Springs, and Glencoe 