RTJ&AZi1; TOPICS. The rust has made its appearance in tome wheat-growing districts, and considerable ateas have been cut for hay, the farmers fearing that if they held on they would not harvest sufficient grain to pay for the cul tivation of the" land. The result of thia action will be to put & large quantity of wheaten hay on the market. The reports are still favourable as to the yield of wheat being about an average crop. The weather conditions are good, and in a very short time now the whole of the wheat crop will be harvested. In many places the land owners are beginning to anticipate serious bush-fires. The grass is abundant and dry I Jng up rapidly. Every preparation should be made to cope with bush-fires, and by cutting up the country with broad fire breaks, to Tender the fire when it does occur more manageable. Homesteads, stacks, and fences should be protected as far as possible. -—— 1 After receiving the fullest information! possible from the other states with regard to the qualifications of the officers holding the positions of chief inspectors of stock, i Mr. Morrissey has decided to adopt the recommendation of the Public Service Board, and appoint Mr. Weir, of the Agri-J cultural department, to the vacancy caused i by the death of the late Mr. Pentland. Our Colac correspondent wribes:—"When the Coragulae Estate was subdivided and sold recently, the mansion and several hun dred acres of land were sold privately, but the name of the purchaser was not made known. It has now transpired locally that the property was bought by Mrs. Andrew 8\. Cnirnside, who will reside there. New minster-park, near Camperdown, has been puchased by Janet Lady Clarke, and it is understood that her son, Lieutenant Clarke, will reside there." , At n meeting of the Agricultural College Council, held on Dec. 3, the Minister for Agriculture (Mr. Morrissey) notified the members that Mr. D. Martin, who bad oc cupied the position, of treasurer, with a seat on the council, had been transferred! to the Public Works department, and that Mr. Duffus, the chief clerk of the Agricnl-j tur&l; department, hud been appointed in his sfceaa. The council passed a resolution expressing its appreciation of the work done by Mr. Martin during his term of office in the interests of the council and agriculture generally. At a luncheon given to Mr. Burton, the Minister of Mines, who paid a visit to the Horsham district on Dec. 7, the health of the Ministry was proposed by Mr. Stan ley, M.L.A. Mr. Burton in acknowledging, the compliment, praised the work of Mr. Duggan at the Lands department, and said that in Mr. Morrissey they would have, but for his unfortunately baa health, an ideal! Minister of Agriculture. Mr. Morrissey! had under consideration great schemes j fin: the assistance of the producer, but he feared that, as a consequence j of his ill-health, the Ministry would not be able for long to retain his services. He (Mr. Burton) regretted that exceedingly, as it would be extremely difficult to as effi ciently fill his place. It will be seen by the advertisement ap pearing in our business columns that the Queensland Government have taken steps to make available for grazing farm selection, on and after Wednesday, February 12, about 561,000 acres of land on Brighton Downs run (Porbion in the Winton land agent's i district. The area in question has" been laid out into 33 farms, nearly all containing from 12,000 to 20,000 acres. The annual rente are 3d. and Id. per acre, the term of lease is 28 years, and the maximum area allowed in 20,000 acres. The land is situ ated from 150 to 200 miles westerly from Winton, and consists of downs with rich, brown soil, well grassed with Mitchell, Hinders, and blue grasses. Water is scarce, but suitable sites for conservation exist on all the portions. Those on the look-out for good sheep or cattle country should have no difficulty in finding What they re quire on Brighton Downs. Plans will be posted free, and every information given on application to the Lands offices, Winton or Hughenden, or the head office, Brisbane. An interesting experiment was made on Dec. 5 by the committee upon the car riage of gram in bulk, when a special train was run from Spencer-street station to Seymour and bade. The train consisted of empty trucks, with a specially constructed truck, carrying 15 tons of grain in bulk, the committee riding in a car behind the latter, in order to observe the conditions under which the grain was carried. The chairman, Mr. Langdon, M.L.A.. states that the experiment was in every way sue cessful. On the journey to Seymour, which is mostly on the up-grade, the grain at times was inclined to pile up in the rear of the truck, and to spill out, though not ; to any great extent. On the return trip to Melbourne, when the train was running against the wind, the surface of the load in the truck oscillated considerably, and the lighter grains were at times caught up in the wind, and tossed over the side. Mr. Langdon and the members of the commit tee are of opinion that these small defects can be easily overcome by not filling the truck too full, and by having some slight covering over iti A popular Danish system of educating tatter manufacturer* is to be adopted by the Minister for Agriculture (Mr. Morris sey). In Denmark it is the practice of the authorities to fecure a box of butter from eachof tne yanoua factories for pur poaes of observe tion. The butter is stored as pearly as possible under export condi tion^ the defects noted, and the manufac turers instructed' fn' the prober methods of oveMoming'rah'dmefcth The' adoption of thia system has been strongly urged by the officers of the.duratar branch of the de partaent, ana 5jyMr.Taylor, of the Kenny lUU'Dntter I%$$fy,£amperdown, who has just; returaed' jEtohi a tow^jbhrough Den made and Countries. In Vioferia it xPpropdsed to intercept a box of ^IwJwr- there from those sent forprpM for export in the ordinary wayT These boxes will be detained and subjected to treatment simi lar'& . Aftwwardt view of dis covering the defects, if any;: The manu/ao» turers will then be advised by experts as to howH besttos remove the < fruits. If found necessary the feMrtmmy^ds\m, for the boxes of butter detained by it out of ^ebplkwhiiiimenta. ^ those means the ! ter up to & it fs now. Vflpnotbe IfeMOll. £■ Owing to farmera being now very busy,] the Minister of landtwe decided that ap §licatkms for the Eurack allotments may e lodged up to Setmby next, December 14\. The board to eoPtRger the applications will sit' at Colac oil -Tuesday, the 17th inst. The first general meeting of share holders in the. Farmers and Fruitgrowers' Co-operative Association was held on Dec. 7, when the secretary reported that suffi cient capital was now available and an early stttt Would be made with the factory. Messrra. H. Keck, T. Somerville, A. Waugh, J. H. M'ColL T. M. Burn, F. Osborne, ana W. J. Lowndes were appointed directors. At a meeting of the Bendigo agri cultural society on December 7 a com munication was received from the re cently-formed Victorian Farmers' and Rural Producers' Association asking for cooperabidh in promoting the interests of that body. It was pointed out that while the Miners' Association, with 85,000 mem bers, was- a powerful organisation, those engaged in rural pursuits numbered 135,000, ana lacked combination. The matter was deferred until the next meeting. y Matters in connection with the water Supply at Curyo and Watchupga have as sumed a very serious aspect. Farmers have been forced to suspend harvesting operations, and should baa weather inter vene the loss must be considerable. Some of the residents are compelled to cart water 12 miles for ordinary purposes, and in another week they will have exhausted this supply necessitating a much longer] journey; "The position is now really despe rate. A deputation of residents waited upon the president of the shire on Dec. 5 requesting that the Government be asked J to supply water trains immediately. An interesting comparison between the prices realised for merino wool last sea son and those obtained thirty years ago (writes the "Canterbury Times") is con tained in some accounts sales of con signments of wool sent home by Mr. Bat ley, the well-known settler of Moa whango, Shown to the "Ma-nawa tu Stan dard" the Other day. The shipment for warded on Nov. 27, 1871, realised from 1/8 to 2/14 per lb. in the following lots:— 1,7631b., 2/1$; «81b„ l/10; t 4171b., 2/0$;; HIb.,1/3. exception of I 1 £42/11/41 he highest ' n in the half-bred ol. Lastj 'ealise 5d. Mr. J. M. SuMuisj igvilfmLondon for the .-Department of Agriculture, writes to the Minister (Mr. Morrissey) on the sub ject of rabbit shipments from Victoria, his letter bring dated London, No vember 1. He states that the rab bits sent by the. R.M.8. Oroya proved to be well frozen, and com pared favourably with other shipments both in quality and in the manner of pack ing. Complaint had, however, been made that some rabbits recently received in Lon don from Melbourne were inferior in quality, and that many crates contained very small rabbits. Inquiry into the mat ter, Mr. Sinclair states, elicited the fact that the crates containing these rabbits did not bear the Government brand. It need hardly be pointed out that much in jury may be done to the trade by the ship ment of rabbits which have not been graded. Diseases amongst sheep (writes the Canterbury Times") still make themselves elfc in the Wairarapa. It is considered hat in the majority of cases, even in few Zealand, the diseases are mostly para itie, and are caused through sheep, after eing fed upon poor land, being shifted to lxuriant vegetation, which acts as a stimu li! t to the destroyer. Mr. J. P. Brand, Government veterinarian, has just con luded an examination of ewes owned by fr. M'Dougall, of Pirmoa, twenty-three liles south of Martinhorough. The ani ials have been dying for months. The osrt mortem revealed that the disease was iflammatiou of the bowels, parasites in irge numbers being found in the intea ines. It may be of interest to sheep-j irmers to know that Mr. Brand informed Mr. Dougall that in cases of Etna descnp tion it is not advisable to administer a drench to the animals. What is required is a curative medicine—sulphate of iron mixed with the food in the paddocks. A conflict between an orch&rdist; and an inspector attached to the Agricultural department led to & rather sensational de struction of fruit- trees near Shepparton a short time back, and the fact that a treeless area 40 acres in extent now exists where nearly 4,000 peaCh-trees, 10 or 12 years old and in full bearing) were growing last sea eon, seems to indicate that either undue haste was displayed by the owner or the operations of the Insect Pest9 Act have been made unduly burdensome upon him. The case, briefly, is as follows:—In the winter season the inspector discovered aphis in the orchard of Mr. A. C. Mason, which adjoins the town of Shepparton, and has been for years regarded as a very valuable property, owing to the heavy yields of fruit obtained from it since it came into bearing. Law proceedings were taken against the oreh&rdiBt;, with the..result that he was ordered by the tourt to submit his trees to treatment for the dlstase at the hands of men to be- employed by the department at his expellee. At this time the trees were at a critical stage, the fruit being about to form, and the grower knew that any interference with, the trees would com ?letely annihilate the present season's crop/ t does he sought a sus pension of the opder of the court until a more suitable time of year, but instead he decided to &&d; burn every tree, bis argument I^mra&at; the interference by the insiiectjSf^d thfiexpeiiBe of treating the trees affibrflingtohfedict&tea; made it more ^tbsbhflile to eradicate the fine orchard thsPoutlay. Accordingly horses and caaiira%erebrought into opera tion, adds menu mfteep was made of the place. 'Tn^'rittlsiilM 'mlue pf the orchard m the 1 wripd" TOfen fruitgrowing was ''boo^o^^SutiClfl^^p acre. It has pro duced coj^tj^yever since, and even if this valmSiw^MB^dueed by one-half the ad(4n connection with nflict is suffia orchard wtS om oI toTto^ 'ertab lished m-iba fihffiparton^d is^ict, and yearsold was&iliyij;^per 'luM# this «aa: including £ff ad acre for lite trees, £5 an acre for preparing, Wiegwund ana plant ing, an4 i £2/10/ lor eul tlvatingfor three yeAra—^/10/ a>nd£2/10/ an acre for'pruning, spraying, and other Incidentals, t: ;«-4'.1 For tiie 35 allotments of land in the three blue blocks^ in the parishes of Palpara, Wanwin, and KinkelLa, 220 aplications have been received. The Land Board to deal with the* cases will be held at Casterton early in January. The cocksfoot harvest on the Peninsula this season (writes the "Canterbury! Times"), from all appearances, will be a1 most disappointing one. Only about half the usual area hasljeen shutoff, "and, owing to the continued dry weather and shortness of feed, fully a thud of this is now being eaten off by stock. The straw in all cases is very short, and the yield is bound to be light. i The first meeting of the Bendigo Agricul- j tural Society since the grand national show was held on Dec. 7, when the balance-1 sheet was presented. The total profit for! the show was £758, and congratulations were exchanged at the success achieved. The society now, in point of receipts and exhibits, was second in the state.. It was unanimously decided to give an honorarium of 50 guineas to the secretary, Mr. H. M.. Marks, for his services. A circular was received from the secre tary for Agriculture at the monthly meet ing of the Y&rrawonga; agricultural society on December 7 asking for suggestions to be sent to the department after each monthly meeting, with a view of keeping the Agri cultural department in touch with the farmers' requirements. It was agreed to comply with the request, and to suggest to the Minister the necessity for appointing an inspector of artificial manures and of Beeds supplied to farmers. Complaint was made at the meeting of the Ball a rat Agricultural and Pastoral So ciety on Saturday that Mr. D. William son, an exhibitor at the recent show, and a member of the council, had impugned the fairness of the judge for draught stock (Mr. John James). It was resolved that Mr. Williamson's at tention be drawn to the matter, and that he be requested to apologise to the judge. Councillor Heinz was present at the meet ing for the first time since his holiday tour on the Continent, and he was heartily wel comed. Particulars of an interesting decision in a case relating bo the use of boracic acid in butter have been forwarded to the Minister for Agriculture by i^r. J. M. Sin clair, the agent -for me department in London. It was an appeal bv a firm of butter merchants against the decision of a Folkestone bench of magistrates, by which a fine of £50 was inflicted under the Sale of Pood and Drugs Act. The appeal was heard before the recorder (Mr. Lewis Coward) at the Folkestone Quarter Ses sions, who decided that the bulk of the evidence was not opposed to the use of boracic acid in butter in small quantities, and accordingly quashed the conviction, with costs. For the benefit of those engaged or other wise interested in dairying a course of lectures with practical demonstrations has been arranged by the Minister for Agricul ture. The lectures will be conducted by Mr. H. W. Potts, of the Agricultural de partment, and will be on similar lines to those given to country dairymen for some years past. Mr. Morrissey has instructed Mr. Crowe to provide the lecturer with laboratory accommodation and a suitable lecture- room at the Government Cool Stores, Flinders-street. The course will commence at the end of the present but ter export season, and will be continued throughout the winter, the lectures being given on Monday evenings, in order to avoid interference with the regular winter lectures in the country. Special tuition will be given to those engaged in the daily household milk delivery, in which it is ad mitted there is much room for improve ment. There is every prospect of tne lec tures being largely availed of. In an official communication dated 1st ovember, Mr. J. M. Sinclair, the agent London for the department of Agncul re, reports having recently given evi nce before the British Butter Regulations immittee with regard to the Victorian ethods. of dairying and exportation. The mmittde in question was appointed by ie Board of Agriculture in London to quire and report as to what regulations ight be made for determining what defi ency in any of the normal constituents butter, or what* addition of extraneous atter, in any sample of butter,' should ise a presumption that the butter was >t genuine for the purposes of the Sale Food and Drugs Act. The particular >int upon which Mr. Sinclair gave evi ajce was as to the proportion of water to ( allowed in butter, and be stated 15 per nt. as the maximum which might exist the butter without detriment to the oduct. The Victorian average is said to i 12 per cent, of water, and the New Zea nd average 10 per cent. The method of selling sheep-skins now in vogue in Melbourne is regarded dubiously by some of the butchers and exporters of frozen meat. A country grazier, who, a short time back, disposed of a draft of lambs to an exporter, was surprised to learn the system of effecting sales. The commission salesman, he remarks, brings three or four traders m skins together to look at a yard of lambs whOBe skins it is proposed to sell. Each of the operators goes through the form, of tendering by writing down the price he will give, and handing the slip of paper to the agent, who, in a few minutes, announces the name of the highest "tenderer,"^ who secures the "line" accordingly* ««« Ifii . «hyn the grasier, no assurance that the munccesaful tenderer F*®ted vhe sbins, or that prices were nofr arrang^ be^een jMtrties before the figures to the agent. Ibis r$d bq a bad «ub stitute for public competition." at auction, and h§ Seels sure thatthe failure of: such anopeifttion to secure the jwctajfrff Jfrg proauct^to^eju^^ly to skins, tallow, Ac. - 1 Efforts^ shortly to:^aa^l^a>*-^w Yafium-hajk Estate, the fi^bMdpr flperj,/ Tto the late Mr.l5-"-1- *L>E3T on district^ In the'^Oasterton district, inadfr-svaiifcbte for closer settlement. ^ In accordance with an arrangement made at the Cabinet meeting, De<v2,Mr. Dug gan interviewed the gentleman recommen ded by the Public Service BOaiji for the poeitionof conservatorof forests. The gentle-* man is Mr. Philip MttcMabon, the director of botanical-gardens at Brisbane. Mr. Duggan, it is oelieved, was fayotirably im pressed with Mr. MacMahon, end it it likely that he-will receivethe appointment, Mr. MacMahonhas hadayaried experience in forestry work in .India, Cfeyion, and Queensland. Particulars of the produce exported through the Government cool stores, Flin ders-street, for the month of November have been supplied to the Minister by Mr. R. Crowe, the officer in charge. The re turn shows that the approximate value of the produce sent out of the state during that month was £229,500. The items were as follows:—Victorian butter, 2,188 tons; interstate butter, 40 tons; concentrated milk and cream, <505 crates; mutton and lambs, 18,831 carcases; veal, 50 carcases; sundries, 6 cases; rabbits, 1,320 pairs: hares, 134 pairs; fowls and ducks, 11,665 head; turkeys and geese, 038" head; eggs, 1,287 dozen. On October 17, Meters. Alfred ManseU and Co., live stock exporters, Shrewsbury, shipped from Liverpool, per s.s. Persic, of the White Star Line, a high-class Shrop shire ram, and two choice in-lamb ewes, to Mr. Arthur Smith, of Australia. The ram, which whs one of exceptional merit, hailed from Mr. Andrew Mansell's noted dock, being No. 4 at the recent dispersion sale, where he was purchased at 90 guineas. He was one of the second prize rams in the prize pen at Cardiff Royal Show, and owned as his sire Fortification, one of Mr. A. E. Mansell's most..successful sires. The ewes were specially selected from Messrs. Evans's reserve lot of shearling ewes, and were in lamb to Montford Monarch, a fa'itfh priced ram, bred by Mr. T. S. Minton, by the 120-guinea Phenomenon. The acting chief inspector of stock has had under consideration:for some time past the question of the likelihood, of rinder pest being introduced into Victoria from South Africa. It has been suggested thai this dreaded stock disease k-apt to be in troduced by means' of T the saddles and baggage now coming , hack' from South Atrica with the various detachments of returning troops. The first idea was that these saddles and baggage could be disinfec ted in some way, so that all germs of the disease Would be destroyed. Dr. Cherry wias consulted on this point, and he ex presses the opinion that it. would not be possible to properiy disinfect the saddles without destroying them. In consequence of this Mr. Morrissey hes"decided to ask the Governor in- Council to make an order prohibiting the importation of saddles, &c.;, likely to introduce rinderpest from South Africa. The Minister for Agriculture (Mr. Mor rissey) has received a letter from the Agent General in London, enclosing applications from three persons for the position of Director of Agriculture. All of the appli cants are men of considerable standing in the agricultural and scientific world inEng land. The Minister is especially impressed with the credentials of one of them, and he has asked the Agent-General to make farther inquiries as to his qualifications. If the information sought for is satisfactory, the Agent- General has been instructed to close with this applicant, at a salary of £1,000. The applicant in question has had considerable practical experience in agricul tural matters, and has held responsible positions under the British Government in Egypt. In addition, he possesses sound scientific qualifications. Notwithstanding the adverse reports re cently received from London with regard to late shipments of tobacco leaf, there are indications that a remunerative market should be available if . the leaf gets fair treatment. Mr. T. Smith, who is now in change of the Government stemmery, has received a number of inquiries during the past few weeks from manufacturers in Vic toria and neighbouring states, and the leaf prepared under his supervision is generally, considered very satisfisqtory. Proof of its value is afforded by the fact that 12 tons of stripped leaf have been sold to a buyer from a neighbouring state at 7d. and 7id. per lb., and five tons of unstemined leaf nave been sold to a Victorian manufacturer at 5d. per lb. A number of growers have decided to contduue planting in the hope that the industry will yet flourish, and there are about 300 acres under crop in Wangaratta district this season. It is expected that the recent reduction of duty on manufactured tobacco will lead to a better demand for local leaf, as manufacturers of imported leaf will probably endeavour to compensate themselves by working up more of the local product. Three high-class Jersey cattle have re cently been shipped to Tasmania from Mr. Geo. T. Chirnsrae's "Werrilbee-park herd. These consist of "Golden Hero," calved Maroh, 10. 1901, sired by Golden Lad n.— dam Gentle Annie II-, by Progress IV. Ths celebrated Golden Lad II. has never been beaten in the show- ring, and obtained the champion prize a't last Melbourne Show. He is maintaining the standard of excel lence shown by his grandsire, Golden Lad, one of the most successful bulls that ever left the Island of Jersey. Bayleaf, calved August 1, 1900, sired by PlinHmmon (imp.) —dam Oakleaf, by Progress IV. Plinlim mon was first as two-year-old in Melbourne and first as four-year-old in Sydney. May flower, calved August 19, 190O, sired by Mbchico (imp.)—dam May Queen, by Pro cess III. (imp.). - The above-mentioned " | first ones which have been Mr. Chlirnside has refused to part with rdner, of Springfield, . on a visit to the recent personally inspected the of Jepseys, and after noting nalities and records of this herd, at all costs 'to secure sqme of ion nulls Gold mk 