TBE SraraIgon uecard, PUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY MORNING. TUESDAY, DECEMBER 31, 1901. THE NEw YEAR.-This being New Year's eve the band will play out, while we understand there will be watch night services at both the Presbyterian and Wesleyan churches. The year just closing has been an eventful one both to this colony and to the nation at large, but space will not permit us to even give a summary of the many interesting and tragic events that have occurred. As this is the last occasion on which we will have the pleasure of addressing our readers before the close of 59o0, we desire to thank thenrfor the support they have accorded the Record, and take the opportunity of sincerely wishing them " A Happy New Year." OURSELVES.-We would remind our readers that the Record will not be published on Friday next, the next issue being the 7th of January. This is in order to allow our staff 'o participate in the New Year holidays. LUNACY. - At the .police court yesterday, before Messrs T. A. Pettit and J. G. B. Duncan, J'sP., Ernest Scott, of Toongabbie, was presented on a charge of being of unsound mind. For some time past Scott has been strange in his manner, but lately has developed some peculiar traits, so that Constable Hall consid:red it necessary to take steps to have him examined. Two doctors having certified to the man being of unsound mind he was committed to the Kew Asylum. TOONGABBIE PACES. - We would direct special attention to the race meeting to be held at Toongabbie on the ist of January. There are eight events on the card, as well as a hack race. The course is most conveni. ently situated, being only a short dis tance from the railway station, while to those who care to drive and have a day's outing, the committee have arranged to supply hot water to all. There is plenty of shade, and families can enjoy a picnic and at the same time see the racing. In the even ing there is to be a ball and supper, at which good music will be supplied. PAINFUL ACCIDENT.--On Saturday a serious accident befel a man named M'Neil, who, up to the time of the accident, was working for a contractor named Patterson, at Bulga. It appears from the information we are able to gather that the unfortunate man was working in a gravel pit, and in order to induce the fall of gravel, which was somewhat hard, he and his mates drove in stakes at the back portion of the pit. While in the act of driving one of these stakes a large quantity of earth came away, striking M'Neil and burying him beneath it. When he was extracted it was found he had met with most pain ful injuries, having had his thigh and two ribs broken, as well as being badly bruised from head to foot. Dr Spring attended the sufferer, and set the in jured limb, and he is now progressing as satisfactorily as his painful injuries will allow. Yesterday he was taken to the Gippsland Hospital. THE CUNARDS. - This talented family appeared in the Mechanics' In stitute on Boxing night, and had a fairly good house. The conjuring tricks done by the professor were very good, and accomplished with a finished grace, while his exposure of spiritualism tricks were an eye opener. The singing of Madam Cunard was a treat in itself, as it is rarely such an accomplished vocalist accompanies a troup; on both occasions when she sang she was de servedly encored, and responded. The Spanish students, in which the mando lines, guitar and banjo are brought into requisItion, were very good; as also were the duets by Alice and Nellie, especially the last one. The family provide an interesting as well as an amusing programme. THE PRIDE OF THE NEW CENTURY -M'Cormick Reapers and Binders, Olhver Ploughs, Planet J.K. Imple ments, Harrows, Seed Drills, Chaff cutters and Corncrushers, and all farming implements. D. J. M'CARTHy distridt agent, Trraragon.-Aiovr, THz WEATHER.- From the Me! bourne papers we learn that Saturday was the hottest day of the season, the thermometer at o10.30 reading ro3.8 deg. We do not think it reached that here, hut it was a most uncomfortable day. About I1 o'clock a hot wind was blowing, carrying clouds of dust before it, and at 12.30 there was a regular cyclone, the wind from s'te west blow ing a hurricane, and carrying clouds of dust with it, so tbat the shops were just visible, and it was so dark that the gas had to be lit. Only a few drops of rain fell, ar.d all the afternoon it was rough and boisterous. Towards evening the wind veered round to the south. Dur ing the day the town was surrounded with a haze of smoke, so that bushfires must have been burning in close vicin ity, and at night the glare of one at Toongabbie could plainly be seen. PARCELs.-Parcels for the following are lying at the Railway Station : Serjeant, Gilbert, Hepburn, Galbraith. Haines, Cumming, Bodycomb, Dove, Nicholson, Atkinson, Boland, Clark, Henderson, Clusky, Wilson, M'Lean, O'Callaghan, Warkins, Esler, Wolff, Montgomery, M'Gartland, Williams, Brown, Attwood, Elliott, Bruce, Mein ardi, White, English. A BOLT -On Sunday afternoon Mr R. Hales left his horse and trap outside a house near the gas works, when the animal by some means get rid of the winkers, with the result that it made off. Mr Hales left a little boy in the buggy at the time, but he jumped out and escaped unhurt, the only damage done being to the buggy, one wheel of which was completely smashed up. AN AUSTRALIAN CHRISTMAS story of 9gor, vouched for by the father of a bright family of Gippsland boys. The father in question (says " Atticus" in the Leader) is a settler who has suc ceeded fairly well, and almost developed into the farmer stage. His boys have an old chock and log hut that was the original homestead for a sleeping room, and the settler had schemed with his wife to give the youngsters a visit from Santa Claus. At about 12 o'clock the father, roughly disguised as the original Christmas saint, and carrying a pack on his back, stole forth from the house, and, with the assistance of a ladder, let himself down the wide sod chimney of the hut. The idea was to put the presents with which he was provided into the stockings, and then, after wak ing the three lads, to make his escape, leaving them believing that Santa Claus had actually called in person. Alas ! the scheme was a disastrous failure. No sooner had the father reached the hearth than he was set upon by three sturdy young miscreants armed with sticks, and Santa Claus suffered rob bery with violence. It transpired that the three hopefuls, dissatisfied with previous gifts, had arranged to sit up for Santa Claus with the intention of bailing up the saint, and securing his whole stock by force of arms. In thanking our customers, both old and new, for the very liberal support we have received during the last year, we have pleasure in wishing them a Merry Xmas and a prosperous New Year. It is our intention to continue to retain their confidence by giving the best possible value for their money. The secret of our success is that we pay cash for our goods, thereby buying at the lowest cost. Genuine articles, full weight, correct ac counts, prompt dispatch, civility, and one price to all customers ensure success. The fact speaks for itself when we say that not aaingle customer han lhft ., during the past year.--SrIELLS & MEEIrARDI.-ADVT. Mr F. H. Luxton, the Government auditor, yesterday morning started on the work of auditing the Shire Council books, everything behing in readiness. 2BCitr A German trader near Pekin was re cently put to death by a gang of robbers. Fifteen Chinese heads have fallen under the sword of the public executioner in atonement for the crime. That it was ex-President Kruger's in tention to go the length of the war seenms to be disclosed in a letter dated 11th September, 1899, found in what were the Boer trenchesat Mafeking. In connection with the arrangementa being made in preparation for the corona tion of His Majesty King Edward on 26th June, 1902. it is officially annlmounced that the naval review which will take place at Spithead will be on an absolutely unprecedented scale. Informal negotiations are in progress with respect to the first Bishop of Gipps. land, though no date has yet been fixed for the meeting of the electing board. Amongst those whose qualifications are being anxiously debated are Dean Gold smith, Archdeacon Tucker, of Ballarat; Canon Martin, of Goulburn; and the Rev. C. H. Nash, Rector of St. Columb's, Hawthorn. Two fishermen returning to Port Mel. bourne at half-past seven a.m. on Friday found, about two hmundred yards off the Port Melbourne town pier, the bodies of a woman and three little girls, evidently mother and daughters. The woman was about 35 years of age, and the children about seven, five, and two years. They were all respectably and comfortably clad, and the children were pretty little things, and had been well cared for. In the w'oman'spocket was a purse contaiinig five sovereigns and a slip of paper with the name " Chamberlain" on it. 