GENERAL NEWS. State Schoob - Concert.—The head master {Mr. S. J4 Grace),-;who- -Was so ably assisted by members^of1 his'• etaff; are certainly tbv be congratulated upon the success iyhjrli'att-euded their efforts At Mechanic* Institute* on 'Saturday :evening last; When the!aunual concert : took place • The house* was a' crowded one, and under the- batdn oX Mr. Grace, with the* senior assistant (Miss- Florrie Pyiie) as accompanist, -the pupils acquitted themselves in a mariner credit able to all 'concerned.- -The "progi'atnme was att ac ive and - appropriate, and Consisted - of ' Songs', recitations," part songs; 'musical -selections, sketches in! character, &C.;, and was executed' by the children and -those connected' with the school -An operetta, entitle. " Florrie's Lost Doll," ii\ which Miss Daisy llorley* .sustained the title rcle,-and Master Geo .Stevens ('lire doc*jt«r)J_and Greta 'Priest (the maid), with a chorus of forty-five? strong,-was certainly'a* gem, aui the audience Were no't slow hi showing their* appreciation.. .An action* song", " Jingle Bells," by the 3rd and 4{h 'Standards, was rendered* excellently, while "the " Xoias Acrostic"- was prettily arranged. The proceeds amounted to over £.14; 'which sum'will he devoted to the pur chase of prizes and the school library Jund. At'the conclusiop of the euter taiimiept -Mfc' Grace thanked those pre j'scnt for their patronage, and paid "a high tribute of praise' to Misses I'yid? and i Lutz and tlie- other * assistants for the valuable help he had 'rceeivel* at* "their .hands in' organising : the 'entertain 'llittft; •- . - - *-•"'- * 1 Wesley ChoeCYI.—The Rev. A. C. Plane' will conduct both- services at; above church to-*morrrow. : The subject for the morning is "Peace and War,'* and in the event-jig an address will-'be delivered to voiiiVg men on "'The Force of Character." Mrs. M'Loaghlin* will' sing a sacred solo. * r -■** - The - Wkatziek and Harvest.— The weather has been siimtner-Iilco for the past week,' and on Thursday 107 was : registered at"thd Observatory. The heat hvas very oppressive onv this da e, and during the afternoon ' a ihttnder-starm, accompanied by a little rain locally, passed over the town. We learn, I10W "ever, that in some parts of the 'district 'the Fall was heavy,1' afid in ffeccs did' more or less damage to the standing crops. Harvesting operations as in full swing, and the crops on many oT the homesteads art' averaging hji"tOr ex pectations* ■ * " ^ ' '■ Licet. Action.—The case of Richard Clark Spear, proprietor of the Spectator, .a uew-pap'er published *at 'Perth, for libelling Judge Parker, by publishing a defamatory ardcle, wis concluded on Thursday.After a retirement extend ing over two hours and a half, the jury disagreed. * Deati; of M^s. C. A. Piesse.— VTe regret to announce the death of the" wife' of Mr. C. A.: Piesse, M.L C. Pol ysome time past Mrs. Piesse's health had been failing, alid aiTew days "ago it was found necessary for her to undergo an operation at Perth, which at first seemed' t > lie a success. Serious developments' took place 0:1 Thursday moriiihg, and" deatli occurred a few "hours 'afterwards. 'Her remains passed through York to Wagin by train yesterday tnorning for intjrmer.t. The deceased l^dy was the seCond daughter of Mr. T'Eotrins Chip-' per, of Kojjonup. A family of eight arc left, aui sympathy is widespread. Deat.i of Mr. Webster MainvrcK. The dc.-.tU of Mr. Webster MarhicK occurred at' Yangediue y'esterday afler ii< on, at about 3 o'clock. Deceased had been ailing for a great length of time, the cause of death leiug consumption. His de ni.se was not by any means un expected. " A "Goon Cocgh Medioxe. It 6 peak a well for Chamberlain's Cough Reme^' when druggists use ii in their; own families in preference -to any other. I have s >ld Chamberlain's Cough Remedy for t 'oj past five years with com plete Ws "a iio i to myself and customer," says Dm .gist J. Goldsmith-, Van Etter, S.t. " i have always use4.it in my own famil3- both for ordinary coughsand colds j „«vl fnr t he cough following lafjrippe, and } find it very efficaciousFor sale by O. ! Sargent, Vo r. and C. Edwa-ds. Ileverle;. A. Piygei.lv correspondent writes A cricket1 matfch w'as played here oh the :iO,li ultimo' between a local blereii and oiie/frbin Beve.riey; The'lionie team was able for the fiist time to turn the tables on-their -opponeii££ 4*he tofchl& were '. Pingelly, 169': Beverley, 96. ' £. Trew contributed.65 for Pingelly —At a meeting -held on. Saturday, over which Mi'l AV: E; Robinson presided*,' it was decided, after Sortie vdlschsston; that "the. Roads Board shotdd strike a rate;—Mr. J. ^ieholson's fine business premises arc -fast- approachibg1' completion, afid when finished will -he-a decided*.acqniair tion to the town.—Harvesting ' opera tions are goirig ahead, biifc I'api afraid that mauy Of the favniers have made the mistake of5 cutting too'iOttch fot' hay. ''Thei-average5 Yeturiis promise to be .(airly good. ■ ■ *" " l: ' Roads ' Bo Aims - Ei^ctioys.—The annual Roads Board election takes place in connection- with the Mburambine Board on the l^tlr inst: "Ther^ are three v vacancies, WoniiuatSpn day has been fixed for the £12i.U rnst. —For' the tbicfe vacancies in tbe Green • Hills "Board"'nbmihatiihj's wUf.' b'e ^received* 'op to the 11 lb inst.; and! the election will take place on tbg*19tlr iupt. *•; The? elec tion' of 'three ibenibte?s /lfpr the, York board will be held5 oh 19th ihst., and nomination s will he received !witbyi at least '-seven clear <days "of that- date. Also for the three ^ -"vacancies' -ion - the Beverley Boards nominations close on the A 1th, -dud' the election will take' place-on tlieiyth inst.' iW1 V'*J Death—Mr. Thomas Carinody, who resides on -Mr. r Renueti} Edwards', estate,' Cot Hiii, lost a son1 aged '8 Tears on the 29th nit: "The little Fellow had1 lingered tor softie weeks between life and—death," and,'-despite constant medical attention, succumbed to infirm-' mat'ioii1 of thfe bowels onihe date named. The remains were interred ^u the Rdinatt Catholic Cemetery ,:on Saturday last, Father Lynch ofijiciating. v A Son prise.—Between 20 and 80 youngsters'were suddenly 'surprised, hy the police on Tuesday afternoon whilst disporting tijemselvcs in- the" Avon, hear Monger's-bridge. Sergeant English ;ordered- them>-to - cotie* forward- and ranging therii up in true militar/' styfce',' administered a severe caution, and -de spatched them hoiucaards:1 This prac tice is as a -rule too'" freely indulged in durfiig tlie'siuhmel- months, imich to the 'annoyance and disgust of passers-by. ' " '' " " . J New Buildings.—The new chapel being erected' by' Mr. Vlatiies But eitfy, .under tlieslipervisioirof Mi1. A. Burgess, at the Confront,. is fast approaching completion.' Mr. Wm. ji'ui, is erecting a residence in.the Edst Ward, (he eoiiUactor beihg-'Mr- A. S. B'untine. ■TJw work will * lb supervised hy M'r Darlington, of iWliugtoii'alid'M'Donald Many of tlje farmers throughout these districts, arc! taking1'the -iiecessary precaution of ploughing amii hd t\0ir homesteads as: a" means - of preienti'tig devastation of their property from bush fires, which played such terrible haYoo in these ! districts last; sunimer, tlfbih sands'or pounds'worth'oF damage haviiu been done. ■ fiic Hay Harv^sY.—If is estimated •that within a radius of-ten miles "oiF York there are over 2000 tens of Ja§t season's hay'in the district. / 'Large 4na,|t>ti£<i of cut hay are - being despatched front York'station to the goldfieids and other centres. :; ; : • L * " Review of Reviews."—Mr A. C. MacLaren lias consented to write ti series cf'ar'icles for1 the HeVietv'vJ Heviewa of "Awttralaiia oil ■ the "preseirfr" tour, and' the first of these appear irf the;* cujreii^ (November) issue ■just to; hand " The writ# opens with ' a comparison of the cricket cohd^t{on$ in the old 'country land Australia, establishes fhe f$et that his team is a 'thoroughly " representative one, and concludes with a racy description of. the. individual players under'the hiding " Characteristics- of - the* Teaui;."' Mr/ Mac Larch handles .a pen with afs much ease as he swings a, bat, and seores with' both. In reply to the "silly assertion that the Melbourne-Club dictated to him asto'the personnel of tlte; t^am, Mr. MacLarcn says-: The statement that the Melbourne Club dictated to me as to who was to pl^y against ±lierc\ is ab-' solutelv untrue, as is'^he ^p/trt also that the -professionals ot other teams: re ceived more for their Services'than' do tlldse nf our present team; It is only' fair tb our opponents to say that we haveliever1 received anything but" the most' perfect fair play 'at the--hands "of' the Melbourne . Club \ hs J' feel sure5 every team will which goes "to Australia in the future." Mr. MacLareu's ar-ielcs will' be 'illustrated/ and wi'k be well worth reading by all who take an in terest in' the visit of the Englishmen. Licensing Meeting.—Tl^e annual Licensing Jneeting wals held in Ycrk -oil Monday last, the Bench consisting of Messrs. W. 3J."t'ouan, R.M. (Cliair mau), C. Edwards, and W. -Diusdale, •J's.P. The' only business transacted was the grantiiig'of renewals to present. license-holders and a publican's general license to Mr. Joseph Newbv, of the Freemasons' Hotel. Beverley. The sit ting "was of Very short duration. Recreation Gitojxn — The neces sity fur a supply of drinking water at the new RecTeatiuij Ground is sereiely • felt by cricketers artd spectators. The! retiring "Mayor mentioned the Matter at the social gathering last Saturday even ing, and no doubt the new Mayor will give it *his"«arly attention. ' 