It is a poor cause which, requires to he bolstered up by persistent misrepresenta tions and suppressions on distortions of facts. And it is impossible to avoid the conclusion that the advocates of the cen tialisatiun, in Melbourne of the means of ' reining education and practical training are gravelled for lack of sound and con vincing argument when they have to fall hack again, and again upon (exploded fal lacies as -to /what has actually been done in this branch of technical instruction in Victoria already. Last week the Tech nical Education. Commission had to listen once more to familiar misstatements on 'this subject. Such, for example, was the wail of Mr W. Knox, MiLiC., who re presented to the Commission that- this: State is sadly lacking in means of “turn ing men of the highest .class in min ing engineering and metallurgy.” All the positions of the first class iin connec tion: with 1 practical mine management, etc., he declares, in obvious ignorance of facts, “are held by men impacted.either I from the Continent, Americas,' »or Great J Britain; He quoted several mines in | which' managers and metaHurgfefcs of the first class were getting from j£&000 to £4009 a; year;; and expressed Hie view that-it was a disgrace -to the country i that they hfcd not the means of assuring such positions for the benefit of locally taught men j ” whereas, as a matter of fact, it is. .well known that xl 2sjcally taught men,”&hatis; to say, graduates’of the (Ballarat Sjphool of be found at this nagment in numbers if posi tions of the firsts class, notonly through out Australia,- bjrt on: African goldfields, etc., and at -centres of the mining Indus- Sttry in other parte of the world;,: 1 An 4>ther witness was misleading jn) aiming wigi "its staff and ' appti- i i Brices, -the Melbourne University Schocfi j i ofjMining could be inverted into a first-; | class school at lea jgost than that •at ; j Baljarat. The schools of! I the ssrorldy with few exceptions, were con- - I nected with the universities.” - It is cal i ctriatgd by thbserwho'&aow; accurately , what. -Melbourne"lJhiyersity has how ready fgreffieient' mining iteachihg,- ! that any attempt .to -place it on itfee same plane' as the schools of. .tjie' old world would inwglye-an, outlay, betayee h£oo,ooo a®/p^£6o,ooo, as-: annual. expenditure ipf "thousands sjf ( founds -without .any that, -far -any “centre operations, the proposed - scbo<d--.wrnpd afford anything -more'- than thteitetical ini' the vagueness asseofeon'as te tSife “hh^mimng-schimkof.^e.Wrid^i^i^. ■ v connected " with £be t hniyersities,** Ptesi^Jy' the ihe Schos3' , of - Mines, from %i^entevmigrate7t^4*foqiimder-f only piirpoßesjot <insimi± i assetiiag ■* se^on^h^ i§ the’ Ballarat School has numbered among its students -several- - who- have come from • London. As to America’s oxperiencoj if a typical and' ef ficient seat of mining... education were to. be singled out, it would be such an in stitution-: as the Michigan School : of' Mines,’ situated within easy reach of;ex plorations for at least three metals, The course of study adopted there is very si milar to that in vogue in Ballarat. The student of the first>year makes frequent excursions to the mines and mills m the ! vicinity, studying points brought up ip I bis’class-room. The second year’s- men are required to put f /such knowledge jas they have already gained into practice by underground surveying, and by actual work in the mines. The third year dassps take up more advanced, subjects in min ing, electrical, hydraulic, and mechani cal engineering, assaying, ore dressing, etc., in connection with-which the stu dent has the advantage of constant prac tice and' opportunities for observation in mines, and for the use of costly and up-, to-date appliances, All of which reads like a c-hapter of a report of the Ballarat School,: whose students enjoy -similar ex ceptional natural advantages for making .themselves thoroughly conversant with almost every brunch of practical mining. With the Exception of those whose per sonal interests lie in the direction of cen tralisation, all sensible persons will agree that there can be no comparison : between the training capable of ‘being imparted at- such a school, situated in the'heart of a great mining district, >and that likely to be received in a centre like-Melbourne, where the elements of practical study would bo almost entirely lacking. The residents of ScaTsdale'have display ed a most commendable promptitude in taking steps to relieve the'immediate ne cessities of the-sufferers by the rcent dis astrous busb fires, which'have* occasioned terrible losses in the district. ’-The Col lection of .-£5O at.a meeting which was necessarily convened hastily,-.-and could, therefore, only be expected to command a comparatively limited-attendance, was. mofiSover, a highly creditable outcome of their initial-effort. Our reports of the devastation wrought by. the-fires, and of the testimony given alt the -Rcarsdale mcetingas to the ruin caused in some in stances, have made-clear the.urgeney of •the need for relief. They furnish des criptions .of-scenes of (.complete waste in localities rihere there ;had been, before the fires, (comfortable homesteads. In some-cases ?settlers who Fad-been strug gling toimafcehomeslfor themselves upon the land -saved nothing but the clothes which -they -wore. Familiar. as the dis trict iias, -in -.comcnon .with others^, un “forfemptely (been- with -experiences of more or less destructive bush:'fires, if anything compar able -with that nVhich - on Thursday last swept largetareas of the counfciy. “Dur ing .the iforty- \years he: had resided in bhe -district/’’.'said. Mr .A. Young* J.P., -“he had.;never -witnessed such-a. calam ity;” No precise information ’is yet avaulaHle-.Bs. toithe number of homes that have .'been .destroyed, bub throughout the surrounding districts they are.appa r-enitdy to-be tmuibered by a score.or two. Many idf fhessiifferers are sturdy settlers, 'inured' :to the -struggles and vicissitudes I off .Gauntry blife, .and will bravely; face ! their misfortune, and make practically a I fresh .start,.in.a characteristically, inde pendent spirit. Some, however, r.were | left in dire ssferaits,.-and were dependent for the very .necessaries of life for .ihe time being mpon the. prompt kindriessr of. friends—upon :such .timely aid as ;,tha/t renderedhydHh J.lßird, J.P., and others, in;; instantly to oaeet the most pressing wants which camemn der their attention. . The action of some of the employes Vat -the mines, who are reported to hayeocffered to contribute;® goodly proportion of their pay to those in distress, is :espqc&elly; noteworthy andi praise worthy, as -showing a lively sen&e; of. the- extent of .the losses sustained, arid: -a most liberal spirit.in coming to the re-j lief oi‘ the-sufEerers.: Under the presid-] ency of. the Mayor .of the. Borough of; Browns and Scarsd≤, Gr Bowler, a! very representative .executive committee 1 has-been formed to-ascertain and enquire i into, all genome eases ; qf absolute want, I and there is ample Assurance that any i funds-;entrusted , tto its .care; wi11.,-be | -judiciously as well am .advantageously ex- i pended,;,and;-that independent, self-re liant sufferers, who are 3oth- to assert claims to assistance, however much they ,may. need it, wiH be uongfet' out-and af forded such relief as they iurgently heed. -Many as have h een the -claims srpon pub- j ilie liberality of late, there \oan be no i -dftsbt that the appeal which .comes from fSqarsdale will meet genarous re-; •spopse among more; faTuned .and fortun- of the districts which suffer ed |P .-severely last week: ’ As intimated, anyconhnbutioiis to thejfiunds wiU received and at - arid’ forwarded to -the executive tee. . •-YegSecftw' jiras. (observed as® etoselfotti i day the. ’day «t .Apart 1 . as; Jfowdart&onvDay;, which’-was: postponed' .from',the. jMth,ffanuary in’coneequeaee Of: ;tbe"death Victoria. ' All the pub lic offices ireffieh-hMed.-and busdnessriras at _a 'stendstSEkvijß# :only sports fixture 'was lat Bnrrmßhestr#jhere~a successful race ’ i meeting. ■wa»-£hiclfl!,'' | but:;numerous-. :r pjej»i« l i parties sought: tho.jeMwt favorite resorts , The gardens ,Wsreipartiicul«rly: well patron ised, especially hy.v?a«corB from a distance, many ■iolf .whom - .'■caanov from r" Inglewood. -Thongb.the'weatfor one. time.threat-, fining,-thevrain-held off,\and a very pleas? -Antuhyjwas spent.*’ ~-.. - -ap®*&rs; s foVhrevaik ■folatiVri'foftKfirufleCofsfotyiAndypoflfage' .stampsi_<je*(peotir6lyi '-.new, Depart-: eay? -will hot duty: etaaps .answfr tor-, JapA .mqgfbb.umd.oqlyfpt jprpoit. mmmfamfc; howpvOT-rUntfrthe 30th ibut the postege stamps must riot be'U&W-for--; duty purposes; .Bnrchasers off .stamps. would; dd-weii" to. acncstom '’them-; «alvgg to StatingI’the:-class 1 ’the:-class bf.stanipwhichi tfioy^xe^ttii'ewienifa^hg-for'tlem. . Last night the Bight Hon. Edmund Bar ton, the' Foderal Prime Minister,, accom panied bytheHph.J.G. Drake, Federal. Postmaster-General l ," passed through .on .the express for Adelaide. They were met at the station by Mayor Whykes and Mr' It.' M'Gregor, M.L.A. Mayor Whykes •wished-.to;complete hds- arrangements for the Prime Minister’s intended visit on Fri day, and-'this lie •was able to do. Mr Bar ton appeared to be' pleased at the" oppor tunity, afforded' him of addressing a Bal larat audience, and.r; sauted the mayor that lie would "not fail to keep his appointment. His Honor Mr Justice Holroyd "will pre side at the.-sittings of the Supreme Court, which open to-day, and the oases for the Crown .will be conducted by Mr J - . T. T. Smith; Q.C. Tho list, is a very lengthy one, not.only, in the criminal, but also in the divorce jurisdiction. Last night’s Adelaide express carried a very large number rtf passengers, among them being the Bight" Hon. E. Barton, Prime Minister, and the Hon. J. G. Drake,- Federal Postmaster-General; . His Honor Mr Justice .Holroyd, Mr J. T. T. Smith, :KiC., Crown Prosecutor, Mr Gordon, of the Crown Law Department; His Honor Deputy-Judge Johnston' and Mr Garnett, Crown Prosecutor;' Mr Lobb, M.L.C.; Mr D. .Methven,'M.L.A., who is visiting the Longerenong Agricultural College; Mr W, B. Grose, M.L. A.; the members of Mr Geo. Musgrove’s Opera. Company; and the mem bers of the Ararat Cricket Club. The train,. which was an exceptionally lengthy one, was twenty minutes late in arriving. City andlTown councillors will to-morrow pay their annual' visit to Geelong, where ■they will' he the guests of the Geelong West and) Ne.ivtown and Chilwell council ors. . The civic fathers and their officers will also try conclusions with the Pivot ondans at cricket during the afternoon. They will proceed to Geelong by the Brewers and Cordial- Manufacturers em ployes’ picnic. ;; Mr J. A. Chalk announces .onr adver tising columns that he is a candidate.for the position of .City auditor, rendered vac ant by the death of Mr G. Barker. Mr Cliaiik, who is one of our ablest account ants, held the position of Government and municipal auditor for .20 years, so that, apart from his .other wide experience, he is thoroughly acquainted with this particu lar of bis work:. The Ballarat- Fire-Brigade was, at 5.15 yesterday morning,- called out to what ap peared to be a serious fire in Joseph ftrest, Ballarat East. The brigade, on arrival at the scene of the fire found a Chinaman burning a considerable quantity of ruib bish. He took no notice of the arrival of the brigade, but continued' calmly at his work of raking over the rubbish, without even troubling to look at the brake. The firemen seeing that no property was threatened drove book to the station with out interfering with the Chinaman’s operations. Messrs I. Pearce and H. Josephs, J’s.P., dealt with two inebriates at the Town watcihhouse yesterday morning. One, who had; several prior convictions recorded against him, was fined 10s, in .default three days’ imprisonment. The other was dis charged as a first offender. Messrs W. G. Kingsbury and Cos. have been appointed. Ballarat agents for the Mauser magazine revolver, one of the most improved and un-to-date small arms. Mr Kingsbury has in his possession a, sample weapon, and) will' Ibe pleased to ex plain the advantages to enquirers. The i revOlyer is -a perfect model, and can be used either as a pistol or as a carbine, the I weapon being so adapted that the stock I fits into the butt of the holster, which is of'wood, and thus forms a gun stock. The magazine carries ten cartridges) and is sighted up to a thousand yards. It is splendidly finished, and the movement for supplying the cartridges is an automatic one, the spring that throws the empty case out, also casting another cartridge into the breech. Several of the -Mauser revolvers have been sold already in Ballarat?, and Mr Kingsbury is prepared to do further business. Sergeant Balchin, who fur She .past two years and six months has been in charge of the Ballarat East Police Station, (has applied for and obtained a transfer to Prahran, where lie will take .charge of the station in that city. Exception, baa been taken to the post ponement of the Kailway Mutual Benefit Society's picnic to Ballarat until the _23rtl March. Mr J. Southern, secretary to the society; explains that as important race meetings are to be held in Melbourne for the next six .Saturdays his. society had no option but to put_off the picnic until 23rd prox.,' because 'the roiling stock .-required to convey the.large-number of .intending excursionists will not be .available before . that dat°-. The Premier (Mr Peacock), the M-nister of Railways, the Coni mis-. aioner of ‘Railways, and a large Parliamen-. •{*• ry Party will be present at the..dinner' held in connection, with the picnic. The society does not court the presence of too' many politicians, but as a goodly num ber always attend these gatherings it now. spedifieg which of them is to respond to the toodt of “Parliament” ini order to -relieve the rest <ctf the party from the self-imposed burden, ctf acknowledging the compliment. A young, man named William Bussell maner, 18 years of age, residing at Waterloo, met with an accident on "Sun ■day. He waa riding through ‘Chute, when ms horse ei%er stumbled or -shied, .and threwhnu on the hard road, inflictihgaiglv gashes on his face and forehead. Dr Eadhe put in a few stitches, and Bussell ~r‘™° b«da narrow escape from losing his' sight, which would have happened had the cdt been, a little closer to the eye—is now -progressing satisfactorily. • At Beaufort yesterday Mr B. E. Johns, I appiicaMons for old age penjons. . The applicants were granted sums ranging from 5s to 7s. 'which blew on Thurs ha? considerable damage to of wh T a (? W f es in the strict, many of which have become entangled!, while others were broken, thus cutting off t-eile graphic .communication in some cases.- Sm-ce then, the line repairers Lave W ed their 11 wo4 * Bnd Wnot comptet the receipt, through Messrs : Gu'ilhhert, (Morrow, and Must. ofthelm™ freta the estate of the late MrC? OTn,er - mem ' ber and trastes nf Mitchell, hon. secretary .the- Ballarat branch of the Foreign Bible Society, desires "it to be made : known that at the recent half-yearly .meeting ot the somety, held! in Melbourne : n' Wn d n r<:^ ed *l° the annual meeting -P, Ballarat early in August. Full bar •ticjilars wiki 'be advertised- in due course ■ Tho many friends of Mr Robert Wre/ord secretary ot the Orphan 4Wum wsrri»! and his condition is S.co^rn.^ 5 * 3e ' W attendant tS o C ol° f wS* a n Se e rt y ; at tbe-gardens and lake, amd a m4t S aW *"as B Pant. The ariangements hSI^ theßev! M. G. * A*(superintendent), Mr A. JFKenzie, and the Sunday scW teachers..- About 300 children took part hi thei_pi<mae, and spent the-feiy in taking kk^i^JS 1103 ’ iB Wips on the luke in Primers and sealing beats. A verv was p Y tajfsa ° f in th ® MarUe of .tjie day.vand tea.&t; 6 o’clock hlrio :tte -Miday-makesre returned’ twA™ J ere to .and from the grcumS'foa decorated lorries. ' Brigade"were-caUed out T supposedffire in Ballarat , Aqrth... In returning it was found that ,me. alarm had .been : caused''. through the :p? e .street: becoming en tengled wreb a telephone wire, aud-' as a message was seat, along the.iatter it xoahid ed the alarm at fare brigadte station. man Day,id Bauley, :who had bis vi t^( ra ® | s at eft the Hospital ygaterday, and went tp tome at Mount Rowan.- Denis MTSiee. ; -man, is.vih-owever, not ; so weili I .Sodas at present cohfeqed to his room. The ! Batggs, who-claims that he was attacked by the men «id assaulted, was yesteixiay. purßuing his ayocation as usual, c. Arputh.named John Frind, 17 years of ;met with a.painful, acfident yesterday put shoobng with a com- ;1- t'he regi'on of . Cardigan,: and was .of: his -.mate, who was l pea : rifle, the weapon .aocideritally, and thei bullet, (about the size of a ojvan - drop, ,f’ rind ’ s feet - JHo - was and .tqken to . the. an examination failed 1 -to wie bullet;- The.fqpt will be photo means'at the rays, [■.iriwa'VjCTy -todiscopering the" whereabouts oritM-pellet,.aUdirewoving-it. : ) t'l4-9 t annual exeur-1 Manufacturers’ epiplpyes wrill be held to- ' . Qeolvhfr. The. 'sdetoial fa^-^ : |a«»re BalllaHtrMfest Star 1 , e.wa,to.-, - .’atfd - tmarnupt9\ have' I Barker.. *.MA^w^^iN^^nß^]kn©vd«partnreTftf: j t^©'' /f935} 9sal9Pl¥', fP r | Melbourne, to allow. excursionists to travel across the- bay to..the- metropolis. • The \- on the retiirn of/the'stearner at'9 jp.m. Tic kets maybe at 'vafioua establish ments in the Ciiy. and Town, a. list of •which appearsinnnothircolumn.tip to 9 o’clock 't-o-night. • A novel use for-an electrical stove was foundin the Water'.Board of Marguette, Michigan, U.S.A. "The stove is put in'tbe intake pipe .which supplies the city with water from Lake Superior, and its purpose is to prevent anchor or needle ice forming on the sides of the pips, and finally stop ping the flow of water. The stpve is cir cular in shape, being made especially to fit within the pipe, the waiter passing through it. Current at slightly more than. 100 refits is furnished',, but a great heat is not necessary, 0.173° of 2 deg. or 3 deg. F. being sufficient to melt the ice as fast as itt forms'. Of course, the stove is used only when the weather is favorable to'the for mation of the needle ice. The apparatus costs ii little more than £5, hut this Out lay (says the New York “Evening Poet”) obviates an expenditure of at least =£20,800 for anew and deeper intake. The ordinary monthly meeting of the Bu-niinyongshire Council was to have been held yesterday, but owing to the day being a Government holiday it was decided to . postpone the meeting until the next ordi nary- meeting day, the 11th March. There were'prosent Crs 'Holden, Forbes,-dßamkin, ay, 'Eason, Davis, and 1 Bray. Provision will 'be made for the passing, of ? aSfcounts due during 'the week. / -'• ■ In "connection with the recent destruc tive: bush fires in the Buninyong district, a kindly expression of sympathy 'has 'been forwarded- to the Buninyp-ngshire Council, in the form ,af the following telegram, from his Excellency the Lieutenant-Governor:— regret great of property by recent fire. 'Pray atoeep't my profound sym pathy for them and fer the shire.” The iron fencing in front of the new women’s ward at'the Hospital.is now com pleted', and-paiated, and adds considerably to the appearance of the institution. When Mr Boss and his assistant have 'laid' out the ground' for a garden, and planted- it. there, will be a still further improvement. Two youths named: William Irving, a gioom, anti Alfred' James Dunn, a carter, aged 18 years respectively, were arrested •at a late lioilr last night by Detectives K-og erson and Amiristrong and Sergeant Daly, and' lodged in the. City cells, on a charge of stealing from the till at the Golden City Hotel. The delinquents will -appear at the City Court this morning. A special excursion of the Aberdeen street, Geelong, Sunday school scholars ar rived in Ballarat yesterday, and proceeded to the lake anil gardens, where the visitors passed- a very pleasant day. • The charge of perjury in -connection with a case of siy grog selling heard at Scars ■ dale, which was to have been- heard against Ernest Dobson and-Charles Maher at the Supreme Court to-day has been again postponed, owing to the fact that Maher is lying seriously ill in the Melbourne Hospital. A false alarm of fire was rung from both stations alt a. quarter to 1 'thus morning, due once again to the box at the North Grant hotel, which has a reputation for calling men out unnecessarily. 'On this occasion tlic glass was not -broken, and the conclusion is arrived' at that the high wind which prevailed at the time caused the wires to cross, and so transmit an -alarm to the Ballarat Brigade’s station. At the ordinary meeting of the City branch A.N.A. last night, Vice-President C. Curtain occupied he chair. The busi ness done was formal, £5 being voted to a distressed member, while the accounts for the fortnight were passed, and the treasurer reported the receipt of ,£7O. One new member was elected, and after dealing with a matter Which will be found reported elsewhere, the branc-h adjourned. The anniversary of the York street branch of the Town Mission, Sunday schools will be further celebrated by a tea and public meeting this evening. Ad dresses by the Rev. M. G. Hart and r Mr J. West Lau, and special singing by the scholars. The children's tea and lantern entertainment will take place on Wednes day. The Ada Delrov Company concluded -a successful season at Her Majesties Theatre last night, when the various items on the programme were heartily applauded, Miss Delroy’s spectacular dancing, the pciform anees of “The’White Mahatma,” and the pictures shown by the London Bioscope being particularly well received. To-night the company will- appear ait Creswick, and on Wednesday and Thursday nights at Daylesford. -The : Town-missionarythankfully ac ifcnowledges the following donations to the poor fundi :-HMrs Jeffries, £i; Mr Potter, 10s; 'friend, £1; Mrs Permewan, £2 2s; Mrs-Dimmock, £1; sympathiser, os; W- A. -Richards, £1; Town Mission J.E., 10s; friend, £1; Mr John Wilson, 10s; Mr Nancarrcw, 10s; friend, ss; Messrs Sut ton Bros, £5; iMrs Morgan, £1 Is; friend, per “Courier,” Sis; W., ss; Eureka, ss; Mr ‘Hall, 10s; Mr R. Clark, £2; collection at monument, 18s 2d; per carol singers, £4 12s 3d;' small sums, 75.. Also, parcels clothing from Mr Dickenson; hats, Mr Marsh; fat goose, 'Mr Millett; clothing, Mrs iMollar-d. We have- received from Messrs W. G. Kingsbury and Cos. a copy of their “Musi cal Favorites,” with a calendar for 1901 on (the title page. The selections number several operatic gems, -and the publication is certain to be popular. (Harry 'Davies aud Co.’s special sale of blouses, children's dresses, and slightly .soiled blaok dress good's was well attended -.on Saturday. The sale will be continued to-day and during the week.' ■ The weekly return of the' Ballarat Dis itrict'Benevolent Asylum is as follows: Admitted during the week—Females, 3; 'births, 3. Discharged during the week— Male, 1; female, 1; died, 1. Remaining jn the Asylum—'Males, 2-14; females, fit; infants, 3; total 331, including 4 females •and 3 infants in maternity ward. Number -of out-door recipients relieved during week —Adults, .488 j children, 122; total, 610. Total df,all, 941. Honorary medical officer for -ensuing week—Dr Jordan. We have been requested to remind read ers that Snow’s summer sate will be con- to-'day. . Owing to. the enormous rush on Saturday many good 'bargain lines were unavoidably crowded out of-'sight,, .these, together Tvi'th fresh, nbargarna irom_.all 'departments, -mill be on salte to day. 