IN THE HAMILTON DISTRICT. HOMESTEADS AND SHEEP BDBNT. BYADUK OBLITERATED. Hamilton. Pridar The besh fires tfiat swept over the dis trict yesterday were tie most disastrous that have occurred here for.jtnany years. Many farmers have lost everything, and families have been tendered homeless. During the afternoon a terrific dust-storm came on, and, with the dust and the smoke, it was is dark as night. Men, en deavoring to get away from the fire, ran at full speed, but on the smoke clearing tuuuu ua-suboives almost in tne same spot from which they had started. Blinded by the smoke ami the sparks, they had merely iraveHni in a circle. Thousands of sheep perished . It was a painful sight to-day to &.-_- sV«ep with their wool singed off and their ejes burnt out, wandering about the fire-stri-pt ground. The fire, that stertei on Mr. Gerdtz's property^ five miles fhatt XL- ucHton, close to the Ooieraine radway lans, was fanned by a strong luitth w?.cd, and swept along at great rapidity. Mr. Gerdtz's paddock, of 203 acres, was stripped of every blade of grass, and almost- all the fencing was level led to the ground. The fire then crossed into BalMn's, and burnt about 150 acres of grass out of 204 acres. On Mr. Chad derton's only nine acres remained unburnt. The pigsty here was burnt, and several pigs roasted to death. The dairy cattle also were severely burnt. Mrs. Walter Henty was burnt clean out, with the ex-' ception of the house, and that was saved on^with lite greatest difficulty. She aiso iost two stacks of hay, containing SO tons, and the orchard was completely destroyed. Mrs. Spring, besides losing all her gross and fencing, Sad her fruit garden and two stacks of haV destroyed. Mrs. M^eil had 170 acres destroyed, a valuable horse was burnt, and an outbuilding, with a reaper and binder, reduced to ashes. Mr. Dun can MTS'eil had about 50 tons of hay burnt. - The fire also consumed all bis outbuildings, and several pigs were roasted in the sty. About 100 acres of grass and all the fenc ing were burnt on Mr. Bree's farm. Be sides 50 tons of hay and ihe pigsty, Mr. D. M'Ginnis lost 200 acres of grass and a mile of fencing. Mrs. Roderick M'Ginnis suffered to the extent of 400 acres of grass. On Mr. James Jackson's property all his grass and fencing were- destroyed, as weH as the stables, and their contents, which included a great deal of machinery and 60 tons of hay. Mr. Andrew Kerr was also a big sufferer, losing 600 acres of grass, several miles of fencing' and his hay stacks. The Cliftcn Estate, owned by Mr. A. J. Simpson, the well-known Shropshire sheep breeder, was completely devastated. The wooished was destroyed, with the wool-press, alsi 80 bags of oats, barley, sheep-sheds, cow-yards, a large stack of hay, a 4.,000-gallQn tank and stand, and ail his plantations, which were beginning to make a show, were destroyed. It is a midde that the homestead escaped. Ma&v; men were engaged in splashing water on the walls,'' All tbe shrubs and \he fruit garden were destroyed. Mr. W. Gibson had all his outbuildings consumed. Mr. W. Field lost bis haystacks. Tbe fire swept over 300 acres of Mr. M. Rentsch's land. The maim building of the rabbit factory was gutted, and two cottages were burnt 'down. Mrs. Reid's farm presented a pitiful sight. The house was destroyed, wiib. all its contents, the family only sav ing what they stood up in. The chaff-shed, chaff-cutter, horse works, double-seated buggy, and haystacks were demolished. Mr. James Forsyth lost 400 acres cf grass and all his oat-buildings. Mr. W. Stone's house was destroyed. Tie fire is ascribed to a spark from the engine of the Cole xaine train. Several persons state that they saw the fire immediately rise wbeu the train had passed the five-mile gate house. At Byaduk the -scene of desolation was terrible to-day. Out of fifteen buildings at Lowsr Byadnk only three are stand ing, and mothers with families are de pendent on the hospitality of people about. for food. The north wind sent the .fire with cyclonic force on to the littie village, and the dwellings of Wm. Green, Mrs. Mason, John Mteod, James Hassett, Wm. Kflleen (two dwellings), C. M'Kenzie, L. Mijean, R. M1«ean, and F. Holmes, and the Free Pres byterian Church , were burnt to tbe -ground , none of tne owners saving anything, and many of the women and children barely es caping with their lives. The clothes of several caught alight, and tbe unfortunate peopje had to immerse themselves in creeks and -dams. The hotel caught alight several times, but was saved. Mr. R. T. Carty, Brafcane Hill, had his run swept, and bis fine homestead and the wool shed, men's hut and stables destroy ed. Mr. Thomson's Moniraj Estate suffer ed heavily. It is supposed thai 2,000 sheep were roasted. Some 600 are lying dead in one spot. Mr. Thomas Robertson's Mur rca Estate is practically all burnt over, but he saved ihe homestead. Ho lost about 2,000 iheep. Messrs. Fraser Bros, lost 640 acres of grass. The loss on Mr. A. G. Ste wart Lyne's estate is about 4,000 acres and some 400 sheep. Mr. Wm. Christie lost 1,000 acres of grass and 150 sheep ; Mr. J. Miieon, Camp Creek, a large number of sheep and his homestead ; Mr. J. B. King horn, Black Hill, 170 acres of grass and 200 sheep ; Mr. Peter Christie, Blink Bon nie, 400 acres; and Mr. John Christie, Garvald Vale, 80 Lincoln ewes. At Buck ley Swamp Mr. John Mijean lost stables, sheds, machinery, harness and 200 acres of grass ; Hector Morrison, 250 sheep ; Messrs. Angus and Archibald M'Dougall, 400 acres ; Mr. James Steel, wool shed, hay and sheep ; Mrs. Kirkwood, house, sheds, reaper and binder, three cows. The State school here was also burnt.* 