Agricultural Mes. The "Australasian" writes : — The rust has made its appearance in some wheat- growing districts, and areas, have been cut for. hay, the farmers fearing that if they held on they would not harvest, sufficient grain to pay for the cultivation of the land. The result of this action will; be- to put a large quantity of wheaten hay on the market. The reports are still favorable as to the yield of wheat being about an average crop. The weather con ditions are .good, and in a very short time now the whole of" the wheat .crop will be .harvested. ;.Tn many places the landowners arebeginning to %>antitipatfe' serious /bush-fires. The grass is abundant and drying up rapidly. Every preparation-should be made to cope with bush-fires, and by cutting up the country with broad; fire-breaks," to render the fire when it does occur more manage able. , Homesteads, stacks, and should be protected as far as pos sible. An interesting comparison be tween the prices realised for merino wool last season and those obtained thirty years ago (writes the " Canterbury Times ") is con tained in some account sales of consignments of wool sent home by Mr. Batley, the well-known settler of Moawhango,. shown to the " Man- awatu Standard" the other day. The shipment forwarded on Nov. 27, 1871, realised from is. 3d. to 2s. ipd. per lb: in the following lots 1,7631b., 2s. ijd. ; 6831b,, is. iod; 4171b., 2s: ofed. ; 2o81b., is. 8d. : 332IK, is. gd. ; I ilb., is. 3d. The whole of this > wool, with the ex ception of one bale of 4171b., which realised £42 11s 4d.— probably the largest bale, and the highest price for a single bale ever given in the colony — and which comprised half- bred lambs wool, consisted of merino wool. Last year Mr. Bailey's wool did hot realise 5d? per lb. Particulars - of» ,the produce ex ported through the Government cocl stores, Flinders-street, for the month of November have been supplied to the Minister by Mr. R. Crowe, the officer in charge. The return shows that the approximate value of the produce sent out of the state during that nionth was . 229500. ' The 'items were as follows Victorian butter j '2,1.88 tons ; interstate butter 40 tons ; consentrated milk and cream, 535 crates; mutton and lambs, 18,831 chrcases ; veal, 50 carcases ; sundries, 6 cases ; rab bits, 1,320 pairs ; hares, 134 pairs ; fowls and ducks, 11,665 head ; tur keys and geese, 938 head; , eggs, 1,287 dozen. " The area under, wheat crop this season in New South Wales is computed' by the Government statist at 1,443,609' acres, which is a reduction of 66,750 acres compared with last ' year. The# decrease is attributed partly to the low prices prevailing for wheat, and partly to the partial abandonment of The shares system of cropping. The ploughing season was dry, and many farmers could not, overtake the work- in time to warrant the seed being sown with safety. In the general run of seasons the late- sown crops are invariably light, but this year, except in Riverina, there is not a great deal to choose between the late and early sowings. The heavy rainfall in September gave all tthe crops practically an equal start, which1 accounts for their level average growth. Taking the whole of the. State, I have arrived at the conclusion that an average of n \ bushels will be harvested,, compared with ioi bushels last year. This will give an aggregate yield of 16,604,378 bushels. The wheat crops in New South Wales are very promising. A cor respondent of the "Australasian" writes concerning the growing crops .111 this hopetui manner : — Splendid weather for harvesting, operations has .been experienced during the last "two weeks, and 4ready a large "proportion of the wheal croP has been secured. In the early di's tj gra!n f all in the bag, and by Jhe end of this month the later crops will be riSfinng maturity. From what' lias been reaped and what is to come I can now give a tolerably accurate fore cast of the average and aggregate yield tor this year. My information has been ' gained at considerable trouble and expense 111 _ touring about the country, and as it is ever a pleasure to anyone to be the bearer of good news, especially at Christmas season, I may say at once that the. New South Wales Wales wheat crop for 1901-2 will be the largest in aggregate bulk that has ever been recorded. There has- been, according to the Government statist, a'decrease in the area sown of about 66,750 acres for this year, but, notwithstanding this regret table fact, the average yield will be so good, in my opinion, that the aggregate will be greater than last season. " 