THE MOUNT PLEASANT BUSHFIRES. HAEEOW ESCAPE OF THE TQWH8HIP. 1000 Sheep Bnrnt. PITIFUL SCENES. . ITboh Ov& 6wv Cobbbspokdent.1 The builifire wbioh started on Wednesday last continued its course on Thursday, and, fanned bj a strong north wind, swept irresistibly along. Grass, fencing, trees, end stock ..went .down before it; bouses were threatened but escaped (some being charred, some half burnt); and it is estimated that damage to the extent of £20,000 has been caused. The losses include between 40,000 and 50,000 acres of grass, 1000 sheep, and many miles of fencing, besides haystacks, sheds, gardens, and orchards. The greatest losers are Messrs. G. T., R. T., and A. Melrose, of Rosebank Station, who sustained damage to stock and property to the extent of se%'eral thousands of pounds. Messrs. H. and H. A. Giles, wbj are the.next on the list, consider that £1000 will not cover their losses. It was on Wednesday morning, about 11.30, that the fire was first noticed in a northerly corner of Mr. McBean's estate, known as the .old Glen Devon Station. The grass at the spot at which the fire started was very luxuriant and was as c'ry as tinder, and wben the flames began to travel at a fast pace towards Die homestead of Mr. HoBeaD, who happened to be away from home at Die time, the alarm was immediately given in the township and telephoned to the npxt, many willing' "irorfce'rs' being soon to the rescue. The'beaters' worked with a will, but the heavy grass which covered all the paddocks burnt so quickly thai when a. portion of it had been " extinguished the flames had extended so far that the labor was in vain. The homestead was saved with great difficulty. Hushing on, the fire was soon .into Mr. Seidel's property, and also attacked Mr. Northridge'e paddock, where it demol. islied feed and wattles and destroyed aoine sheep; then oil to Mr.- Brice's estate at Hinton Park, burniog a lot of grass, the homestead and stables being saved. The devouring element then entered Mr. Giles's property, where it carried everything beforeit and swept right through bis garden into the Torrens, where it was stopped on the south side. Continuing its course on the east, it crossed the main road and entered the pretty little cemetery, which is now a mass of blackened ruins, afterwards visiting the properties of the following owners:—Messrs. Allen, Jlaitland, H. Phillis, Msguire, Bandell, Barnes, Oodrington, T. Fulwood, Holland, Cooper,. Fishlock, Deanes, Thomson, Bax, Rosebank Estate; Giles, McGorman, McDonald, Harding, Naismith, Buckley, Paech, Hooper, and Crouch, The flames eventually burnt themselves out near the main road. On Thursday the fire broke oat again in many places. The wind, which blew with hurricane force, carried the flames on through the land of Mr. Sehulz, into Drogemnller'e, through Burns's, Miller's, Godfree's, Boyal's, Howard's, T. Nickels's, J. Nickels's, J. Maxwell's, Low's, Brophy'e, Mclnnes's, into J. and W. McQorman's, burning itself oat near the Murray Flats. The principal losers are:— Mr. Lachlan McBean—1400 acres grass and fencing, 50 stud ewes (17 of which suffered a terrible death). Mr. J. Nortbridge—All his grass, fencing, wattles, and some sheep. Mr. W. Seidel—All his grass and fencing. Messrs. N. Brice & Co.—Grass and fences. Messrs. H. & H. A. Giles—1500 aoreB of grass, a good barn filled with liay, stack of barley straw, between 2000 and 3000 posts, ererytliing inflammable at the brick yard, 70 stnd ewes; fire valuable horses were badly burnt, but are now on a fair way to recovery. Mr. McGuire—All his grass, haystack, barn, and harness. Mr. Allen—All grass and fences. Mr. Maitland—All his grass, hay, sheds, and fencing. Mr. H. Pliillia—All grass and fences. Mr. Bridges—All grass, sheds, and fences. Mr. T. Fnlwood—600 acres grass and fences, spring-dray, winnowing machine, threshing machine, three sheds, a large stack of haT, and-40 acres of wattles. Mr. J. F. Barnes—All grass, fences, sheds, hay, spring-dray, harness, pigsties, three pigs, and 40 fowls. Mr. W. H. Codrington—800 acres of grass, three stacks, three stables, woolshed, cowyards, sbeep-yards, pigstye, orchard, and garden. Mr. M. Saras—1050 acres grass and fences, stable containing £10 worth of effects, stack of hay, and cowshed. Mr. J. Deanes—All his grass, sheds, hay, and 100 bags wheat. Mr. T. Fieblock—All grass and fences. Sosebank Estate—7000 acres of grass, many miles of fencing, 300 stud rams, 260 first stud ewes, 200 fat ewes, 60 tarkeys. Mr. Maxwell—House and contents (only the organ being eared), grass, fences, hay, and sheds. Mr. Brophy—Sheds, harness, machinery, wheat, bar, and some horses badly burnt. Mr. J. Nickels—600 acres of grass. Mr. I. Hickels—Grass and fences. Mr. C. Schulz—All grass and fences; house and stables eared with difficulty. Mr. A. Howard—Grass and fences. Mr. S. Xapscott—800 acres grass, hay, sheds, and fences. Mr. B. Schulze—250 acres grass and fences. Miss Lore—All grass. Messrs. S.-& W. McGorman—150 acres grass and fences. Mr. Mclnnes—All grass and fences. Mr. F. Thomson—300 acres grass and fences. Mr. G. Phillis—All his grass and fences. Mr. G. Coo per—All grass and fences. Mr. J. Rolland—All grass, hay, elieds, and fences. Mr. W. McGorman—100 acres grass and fencing. Mr. C. Harding—200 acres grass and fences. Mrs. McDonald—120 acres grass and fences, 100 sheep. Mr. G. W. Nsismitli—100 acres grass, fences, 200 posts, and shed and contents. Mr. J. Buckley—200 acres grass and fencer. Mr. H. Crouch—All grass and fences. Mr. A. Paech—100 acres grass and fencing. Mr. J. Hooper—40 acres grass and stubble. Mr. J. Naismith—80 acres grass and fences. . 'Mr. H. Hobbs—A few acres of grass. Mr. Murray Dawson—200 acres grass and fences. Mr. J. Kemp—100 acres grass. 