CORRESPONDENCE. "Is it Green," Port Adelaide.—London bridge. ''Alice Atkinson," Bodangra.—IE you write to a Broken Hill paper you will no doubt gee the information. "Wanted to Know," Murnpeowie.—There aTe 570 yards in a hundredweight of No. 3 wire, and S10 yards in a, lite quantity of No. 10 wire. "J.D.C."—'Hymetfcus is the name of a mountain in Attica, famous for its honey. "T. W. Hill."—Boiling point is 212 deg. Fahrenheit, 100 deg. Centigrade, SO deg. Reaumur. "H. Tremaine," Smoky Bay.—1. There will be a small "permanent" force. 2. Communicate with the Permanent Arfcil lery staff officer of the State to which you desire go go. "Enquirer," Price.—1. Dr. Maxwell states the cost of kanaka labor at 2/4J per day. 2\. From islands in the Western Pacific. According to Dr. Maxwell, chey work from 56 to 615 hours per week, or an average of 59^ hours. "J. R. Edwards" writes:—"Why does the inspector of nuisances not have thai dead beast removed and cremated or buried, whioh lies 'between South-terrace and Way College? He has been approach ed on the subject twice; perhaps he says, T.et (file dead bury their dead.' It s a rotten spectacle, anyway." "Mundalla" urges tlhat the strike at Na lang could have been avoided had local shearers and shed hands been engaged, and States 'that it was the residents in the vicinity of Bordertown, Wolseiey, and Mun dalla •who in January laec helped to save the !Nalang homestead and woolahed from a bush-fire. "J. C. Lawson," writes:—"I called at ijhe Customs office this morning and asked for a copy of the Federal tariff. On receiving it 'the sum of 3d. was demanded from i me, which I refused to pay. Consequently I was not given wha't I required. I ealled at the Premier's office to ask for an inter view, hut I was refused admission." "H. H. Queale," Green's Plains West, wishes to know who is responsible for the issue of new electoral rolls. He writes:— "The elections are fast approaching, ana ahe period will soon have expired in wmch persons can register in time; yet country districts are kept in ignorance. I have called at various post- offices during the pa-sfc month and have been unable to get the new roll. Should the elections be in April next the six months' limitation will bar a number of persons exercising their franchise. I hope steps will be taken at once to give electors time to find out whe ther iihey are on 'the roll or not." "P. E. Lester," Clarence Park, believing that "both free-trade and protection are, as a means that will lead to more equal distribution of wealth, palpable^ supersti tions, and 'that private property in loiid is the main obstacle to our .social salvation," dissents from Mr. Theo. Gum's view tha't protection was an essential factor in. placing 2\ew Zealand in advance of all 'the other colonies. Our cor respondent says : — "JiJxaetly the same results would -have accrued under free-trade. Ia ic not hel' industrial legislation, _ com bined with land values taxation, whidh is twice as thigh as we have here, that has pla'ced her in- her present prosperous posi tion? Mr. Ltuiq seems to overlook t'he fact riha't tihe 'higher'Che land values tax is the more land will be brought into use, and, as in Ifew Zealand, will become dheaper, bhus benefiting the community by fac'ili'tacasig na'rianali'safcion. But, a'feer aSU, with the exception of 'the protection aspect, there seems to 'be no real difference between Messrs. Gum and Vangfhan. Ms-. Gu'm. is an arden't advocaJte of land values taxation (a*s a meanis to nationalisation), and Mr. Yau gjhan wanits to cake 'for the cammuaiafcy those values nvhich. tthe community create." "A Rower Charitably Inclined" writes:— "On Saturday, November 2, iwill be held dhe annual fete at the Home' for Incurables. Tfoi.g fete is a red-letter day in 'the lives of the inmates; one bright spot in eadh year of their' existence. It benoves, therefore, all who can to assist those who devote their time and energies towards malting this day not only a success financially for -the in stitution, but also a bright and happy day for the unfortunate people for whom it cares.- It is with surprise, therefore, that I hear the Adelaide Rowing Club have postponed their opening day from Saturday fast un'tfl. November. 2. That ohe fete will be held on November 2 has been long ad vertised, but I can only suppose that 'the rowing club were on 'this occasion ignorant of 'ahe fixture. Last year their opening day and the fete dashed; and tihe latter suffered in consequence; but it is not yet too lafce for them to make generous amends this year. The Adelaide Rowing Club function provides a very pleasing afternoon's enter tainment, and chat the young people should find this attraction too great for them to give it up ia but human nature. One needs only to contrast the two scenes to realise 'this. But it is that very contrast beWeen tihe pictures—the bright and happy youth, strong in manly vigor in the one, and the utter helplessness in the other, which moves one to this appeal. 'Incur able!' what absolute hopelessness there is in the word! It may inconvenience Ade laide rowing men to have to arrange an other day for uheir function, bu't everyone will'be pleased (by their doing so. If their day must dash with something let it not be wirih. the one day in all the nhree hun dred and sixty-five which means so much to these helpless souls. Oharity begins at home." "A.H.S.," contesting "Theo. Gum's" position that under a protective tariff in creased local production will lead to lower prices, says he does not bake into account the increased cost of production. ;Without cheap raw material goods cannot be pro duced at a low price. "Take, for instance, ohe jam-making, fruit-preserving, and con fectionery industries. Must not the in creased duty on sugar act prejudidally on them? i Is it at aill likely that the sugar growers in Australia will not 'take advan tage of the tariff and combine to keep u]3 their price to within a small percentage of the, cost of the imported article with the duty added? How is the duty on glace bid going to help the manufacturers of boots fn which that material is used?" Our cor respondent refers to bhe power of the rings and trusts in "the United States, which menace freedom and progress, and observes that all schemes for their suppression must fail till the protective tariff on which they are built is swept away. He denies bhat a tax on land values can be charged by landlord -bo tenant, observing:—"The land values of Australia are between three and four millions, a very large proportion-, of the land which 'bhese represent being un used or only partially used. The immediate effect of a tax on the value must tend bo bring -this land into use, whether it were agricultural, or shop, factory, or dwelling sites. Thus competition must prevent any increase of rent to the tenant.' But the question of land values taxation is not be fore the people of Australia at the present time.. "The real issue before the com munity now is—Shall the revenue raised through Customs be so arranged that every duty imposed shall flow into the Public Treasury, or shall 'they be so imposed that a portion of the revenue can be diverted into the pockets of private individuals?" "O.K."—The following recipe is given ia "■Work shop Receipts:—"Get the wood clean; have some Vandyke brown and burnt sienna ground in water; mix it in strong size; put on with a whitewash or new paint brush as evenly as you can. When dry give two coats o£ copal'or oak varnish. '•Anxious."—Use a little borax in the staron. "Bore."—Blueing on gun barrels is performed by simply heating the barrel in powdered charcoal over a Are until the desired color is obtained. "Wager."—1. The French method of cleaning kiri gloves is to put them on tbe hands, and wasn them m spirits of turpentine until they are quite elea»>, rubbing them exactly as if washing the hands; when finished, hang the gloves in a current of air to dry, and to take off the smell of the tur pentine. Another method which it is said makes the gloves soft, glossy, and elastic is aa follows: — Have a small quantity of milk in a cup or saucer and a piece of brown Windsor or glycerine soap in another saucer. Fold a-clean towel or other eiotn three or four times thick, and spread the glove snwothity on the cloth. Dip a piece of flannel in the milk, and rlib it well on the soap. 'Hold the glove firmly with tbe left hand, and xub il with the flannel towards the fingers. Continue this operation until the glove, if white, appears of a dirty yellow; or if colored -until it looks dirty and spoiled, and ■ then lay it to dry. All gloves are better and more shapely if dried on glove trees or wooden hands. 2. Siribo Castle, Sutherland, North Britain. 3. To clean gilt frames, dissolve a vtry small quantity of salts of tartai in a wine bottle of water, and witn a piece of cotton wool, soaked in the liquid, dab the fianies very gently (no rubbing on any account, or you will take off the gilt), then stand up the frames, so that water will drain away from them conveni ently, and syringe them with clean water. Care iri^t be taken that the solution is not too strong. "Warrigal."—1. About 2P yards. 2. Unbleached. 3\. Soak in a saturated tolution of sugar of lead and alum. "Interested," Prospect.—In aa article on freckles in "Chambers's Encyclopaedia," the following oc curs:—"Many methods of treatment have been ad vocated for their removal; but in most cases at least the improvement is not permanent. Among" the milder measures_ which sometimes succeed in improving the 'condition is a lotion of hyposul phite of soda (15 to 30 grains), or of chloride of ammonia (15 grains), along with corrosive sub limate (1 grain to the ounce of water), applied to the part on rag or lint; or hypochlorate of sulphur, ointment (one drachm to the ounce)." "Zante," Port Augusta.—The drying of currants is a very siirfple matter. Mr. T. Hardy, in a paper read before the first Congress of Agricultural Bureaus, held in Adelaide, gave the following par, ticulars:—"The currants are cut from the vines and spread evenly on trays made of palings or laths, and in 'from four to six days they are suffi ciently dried •without any further trouble. The stalk is easily rubbed off, and the fruit cleaned from the stalks by passing it through a wheat cleaner. It is then ready-tor packing in ooxes of 66 lb. weight)" 