It is earnestly to be hoped that the meet ing to be hold to-night to consider the effects of railway freights upon rural in dustries will have some practical effect in {bringing the Commissioner of Railways to a more reasonable frame of mind with regard to the representations that have ibeem made to him on behalf of an im portant local ihdnstiy.. Some months ago Mr Hugh Y. M'Kay approached the Com missioner in the hope of obtaining a re .dnction of the freights on pig- iron, coke.- coal, and other material used in turning cut the finished 1 machinery from his ma nufactory. He painted out that lie pays in freights to the Railway Department fully £l2OO per annum., and that the pur chasers of the machinery ' contribute, nearly another thousand pounds per annum. Altogether, the department be nefits to a very large extent by the fact that this factory; ie; situate in Ballarat* and its contemplated removal to a sea port town would mean not only a great loss to Ballarat, but the sacrifice of a revenua of thouMindß of pounds per annum, by the Railway Department. To this centre the development of the: indus try has meant the creation of one of the largest manufactories Of harvesting ma chinery in Victoria, and it has been com puted that, as the result of the export trade done -with' other states, as well as from the proceeds of sales within Vic toria, as much as must have come -to.Ballarat in a dingle year, to be largely Spent in- local wages, 'affording means of employment and support directly and in directly.to-aome hundreds of people, giv ing- valuable fillips to, other branches of industiy. and yielding very considerable contribufeiouia of revenue to the Railway . Dapartment.: _ In this, as in other in stances, - existing railway rates are pneju dioial tp inland manufacturers. Freights involving, for carriage to places scarcely beyonid the honnidls of Victoria 'charges that: are enormously greater -than.-for ex ample, rates of transport'across the vast oontanentTof ‘America, and correspondingly excearive chargeefor- the; conveyance of raw. (material' from the seaboard, have proved severe handicaps to industries in the rural centres." Their discouragement would, indeed, seem to have been one of the set purposes of a centralising rail way policy. Instances of its anomalies and injustices have been frequently cited in these columns. For example, it was found that casks of metropolitan manu facture could be sent to country towns at a lower rate than the staves to be used in their local manufacture, and tins utilised for canning at a lesser freight than the tin plates for making them locally. At a time when the metropolitan bricbmaking •industry was languishing, bricks were carried from Melbourne to Ballarat at a •rate muck lower than that at which they could be sent from this city to country stations almost in its immediate vicinity, and a charge nearly 300 per cent, less than the freight on pitg- iron, the raw material used in some of the meet important local industries. When the enormous dispari ties of these rates were pointed out, the Minister of Railways of the day remarked that the exceptionally low rate was fixed to stimulate traffic. The department, he added, was ; " constanty required to send empty trucks into the country, and pro viding that more than the difference be tween the cost of hauling am empty truck j and that of a loaded one is earned, the transaction is a profitable one/’ It would not be possible to adduce a stronger argu ment in favor of" granting reasonable con cessions in respect of the raw material of country industries which help to create railway traffic. Of all departments of the state, it cannot be too persistently urged that entrusted with the management of the railways has most to gain from the diffusion of population and of industries, and from the success of great inland ma nufactories, whose requirements of fuel aud raw material, whose supplies of products, and whose employes, with their various ne°ds, will create an ever-growing railway | traffic. In connection with the proposed I enforcement in exactly the same way in town and country of all determinations under the Factories Act, the Premier (Mr Peacock) ha3 shown himself amenable to reason, and has undertaken to endeavor t-o ensure due consideration of the diver sified conditionis under which certain branches of work are carried out in dif ferent localities, with a view to prevent | ing country industry being more severely [ handicapped than the moro favorably | situated industries of the metropolis, and • it is high time that the Railway Depart ment should be aroused to a sense of the shortsightedness of a policy which, in serving the insatiable spirit of centralisa tion and discouraging country industry, must react injuriously upon the depart ment itself. Distressing accounts come from various parts of this district as to the effects of Thursday's cyclone. It is generally agreed that no such storm had ever before devas tated the country north-west of Ballarat, and many localities furnish doleful tales of damage wrought, crops ruined, orchard stripped, stock killed', fences cast down, and homesteads and outbuildings des troyed. The visitation is the more re grettable in view of the fact that there was every prospect of a bounteous har vest in the areas which have been swept by the cyclone, and in which hopes of a good yield have given place to fears o‘ severe losses. Graphic descriptions were given in these columns on Saturday of the havoc wrought in the Buugaree dis trict, where, it appears from, the reports, the course of the storm is marked by the dead bodies of hundreds of cattle and horses, and seriously damaged crop3. Much of the fencing on the track of.the cyclone has been swept away, leaving the crops'whiiob were spared by the storm at the mercy of the cattle. It is highly gratifying to note that prompt action was taken, at the instance of Mr G. F- Holdon, M.'L.A., the representative of the district, to meet the immediate wants of the greatest sufferers by the storm. A subscription list was at once opened, and • the money collected is being handed to a committee appointed at Wallace, which will deal with the most pressing wants Land will see that all funds entrusted' to it, as the result of ah appeal which merits a generous response, will be judiciously applied. Holden is also to be com mended for having suggested a prompt ] visit of an officer from, one r of the Govern ment departments for the purpose of in- i speeting the district and reporting on the I damage done. Such an inspection will, I no doubt, carry conviction as to the need i , of taking immediate steps for the relief of those who have suffered most severely, i and be the means of commending to the i favorable consideration of- . the" Govern- j moult the hen.. member’s suggestion that I aTrangemenitaehould bemade for'ad • vances. to the farmers-on easy terms, in | the same manneras' relief .was afforded I last year to sufferers by the'bush- fires. The decision arrived at by the executive council; of. the Amalgamated Miners’ As sociation" regarding the introduction. of tJhelooidTaotsysbem arthepieswick'mines was’the eubjeckof considerable discussion ; in raioor<firoles 'on . Saturday,and the general consensus of opinion appeared to' be that the decision was a wise one.' The attitude which will he taken regarding the matter by-the Creawick miners is arousing much comment . in association circles, and there are come who still pre dict .trouble ahead.' Others take the view that themem will take a .sensible view .of affairs, .and recognising that if they fail to abide 'by the decision of the executive council they will forfeit their claim to support, will submit to the inevitable. The havoc wrought by Thursday's storm at Sulky Gully was the occasion of a large number from Ballarat visiting that j place yesterday. The cabmen were equal j to the occasion, and a constant stream of cabs was plying between 'Ballarat and there all, the afternoon, in addition to ■which large numbers of visitors went out in private vehicles and on bicycles. Many of 'these went out under the impression that the accounts of the effects of the cyclone were exaggerated, but they re turned thoroughly convinced that there had. been no over-statement of . the devas tatiott wrought. Without exception, all were amazed at the wreckage left in the track of the storm.—trees levelled with •the ground, fouces blown down, and even dead animals lying about. The most as tonishing scene of all was the demolition of the two hotels. Not a scrap of timber of any value for building purposes has been left. Much of it has been whisked away, and.what is left is valueless, ex cept for firewood. The galvanised iron of which the roofs were constructed has been blown about in all directions, twist ed into fantastic shapes, and many of the sheets are still to be found high up in tre-es, where they were carried by tne wind. All who went returned consider ably impressed by the power of the storm, and marvelling that no human lives were lost. Further evidence of the effects of Thursday’s storm in the Bungaree dis trict were furnished on Saturday, when Mrs Ann. Carolan, an elderly woman, living at Bungaree, and her son, Mr Cb-as. Carolan, were admitted to the Ballarat Hospital. Mrs 'Carolan is suffering from bruises Of bhe chest and abdomen, and her son from bruises, of the chest and sundry abrasions. Both are .also suffering from shock. Mr and Mrs Taylor and the for mer’s stepson, Mr Van Verkel, who were admitted o.ni Thursday night, are pro gressing as favorably as can be expected. ■Quite a. sensation was caused in Sturt street, near the Hospital, yesterday after noon. Mr John Williams, builder and contractor, of Skipbon. -street, was driving in Creswicfk road, having 'his wife and family with 'him in the buggy, when an other .buggy, 'driven in rather au erratic manner, came into collision with his vehicle, smashing several of the'spokes in two of the wheels. Mr Williams follow ed the other buggy along Drummond dcraat and overbook it at the corner of iStui't street, where he remonstrated with the driver and 'was roundly abused. The altercation drew quite a crowd, and Con stable 'Cone, whose attention was drawn to the occurrence by the concourse, mounted on a tram-oar, and followed the buggy occupied by the driver who is as serted to 'bo at fault, with a view to taking ippoceiedings against him,. A boy named Arthur Draper, 13 years ■of age, living at Little Bendigo, had a very painful experience on Saturday afternoon. He was birds’-nesting, when ho fell from a tree, and landed on a picket fence, severely lacerating one of his legs. He was brought in to the Hospi tal, where his injury received the neces sary attention, and it was considered ad visable to admit him. Last night he whs progressing favorably. A little girl named Emily Osborne, seven years of age, living with hen 'parents in Talbot street, was also treated at the Hospital on Satur day for strained muscle in one of her arms, the result of a fall from a horse. The bullock which was presented for the guessing competition in connection with the recent show was purchased by Mr Fraser, of Peel Street, for ,£l5, aud will be killed to-day and dressed. The weight will be advertised in “The Star” to-mor row. The guesset- nearest to the weight well receive the first prize, a Singer sew ing machine valued at =£l3 10s, while the two ether nearest -ones will take respec tively a suit of clothes valued at =23 3s (the gift of Messrs J-ohn isnow and Cos.), and £1 Is in cash. Over =B2O was realised as fho result of the competition. On Saturday night 'two of Messrs Tun bridge and Co’s, employes were engaged in removing chairs from Wirbh’s Circus, and bad stopped in front of the firm’s pro mises in Lydiard street with a load. Lur ing their absence for a few minutes from the van same person mounted it and drove off, and the astonishment of the employes on returning for their vehicle may be imagined. 'A thorough search was insti tuted, but without success. However, at about 4 o’clock yesterday morning a resi dent of Warronkeip found the horse ana vehicle near his house, and seeing that the turn-cut belonged to Messrs Tun bridge, be drove into Ballarat and handed it over to the owners. \- On 'Saturday a deputation consisting of Messrs M'Grath, Wishart, and Webster, representing the residents of Allendale, waited upon the directors of the Seven Halls Estate Company, with reference to the Allendale Cricket Ground, which is part of the estate. The board agreed to sell the block including the cricket ground, on the condition that the neces sary area may be excised for public use at auction price, the Allendale public to securely fence in the reserve. Tne depu tation was introduced by the Hon. A. J. Peaoock, who generously donated =2lO to wards the purchase money. As shewing the confidence Teposed in Cr Shoppee, and the appreciation of his energy in connection with the Board of Health, out of twenty-two councils who elect a representative eighteen have again unanimously nominated him for the posi tion. _ Cr Shoppee well deserves this re cognition, as he has during his years of office been one of its most active members, and has done good work in the public in terest. „ False alarms of fire .are becoming much too common in Ballarat. Shortly after midnight the City Brigade were called out needlessly through the break ing of the glass in the alarm box at the corner of Lydiard and Clarendon streets; and shortly before 10 o’clock last night •they were again brought out through ibomecne breaking the glass in the box at the comer of Drummond and Webster streets. It is to be hoped 1 that residents in these localities, from which false alarms have been sent before, will assist in detecting the offenders, and that when one is caught the magistrates will deal severely with him. 1 A special meeting of the committee of the Balarat Horticultural Society was held at the secretary’s office, on Saturday evening. There was a very large atten dance of members; Mr J. Green, vice-pre sident, occupied .the ohair. After some discussion it was decided to abandon the spring show, which was to have been held on Friday next, on account of last Thurs day’s storm destroying most of the ex hibits intended for the show. It was with great reluctance that this step was taken, but it was unavoidable under the circum stances, and subscribers and exhibitors alike felt that it was the only course open. The Rev. Father Flynn, one of the three new priests who arrived in Ballarat for this diocese last week, preached the ser mon at the ill o’clock mass at St.- Pat rick’s Cathedral yesterday. His text was taken, from the gospel for the day—the parable of the mustard seed—and from th’a the rev. gentleman preached an able and eloquent sermon, proving (himself to be am orator of no mean power. Ho is po&sesaed; of a fine, sonorous, and musical voice, which he uses ■with judgment and cultivated taste. Father Flynn delighted the congregation, amid proved that, in the pulpit at least, he will be a decided acqui sition. to the priesthood in the diocese. In another column will be found an ap peal .to the generous in Ballarat for assist ance, for the unfortunate farmers of Bun garee whose loss of property through the terrible cyclone of Thursday last is al ready known, That, as the fact is known, the extent of the loss to those unfortu nate people cannot be realised excepting by those who have visited the place. It is hoped that there will -be a liberal res ponse ho the'-appeal, as many of the far j mens have not only lost their crops, houses, and stock, but also their furniture and all their clothes excepting those,they stood up in. • Subscriptions sent in to this office will be -acknowledged in. the columns of "The Star.” The joint committee having in hand the I amalgamation of the City and Town will meet at the Town Hall, BarMy street, to i might, when a statement regarding bhe di i mensioms • of the wards, valuation, and population of the City and- Town will be presented . by the town clerk, Mr -A. Fraser.. . I ' From tbeTPoliCe Gazette.”—Geforge H. Staubrook,.: farmer, Rokewitfodi, . reports i stolen at Rokewood,- during August' last, a white heifer, a red .heifer, and a' straw berry steer; value£4 10s. - Gozzard Bros., livCry-3bable-keepeiis, ' : 'BaHanat, remt stolen a!t Smealfcon dhow yards, on. tie Bth insfc, .a brittle, a pair of tiames, a pair of traces, a buggy saddle and breeching, and a pair of leather rains; value £3 15s. William Ghatles Jewel)!, manager, bicycle depot, corner Byre and fiiiponi streets, xial larat South, reports stolen from his shop, on the 51ih indt., a Massey-Harrisbicycle; value .£27. John Phillips, described as a station coot, was taken to the City watchbouse on Saturday by a cabman', whose vehicle he had chartered to drive out to Bu-.,y Gully. It appeals that Phillips, who was under the inituence of liquor, had declined to either got out of the cab or stay in it, and under these complex conditions the cabman applied to the police, who with some difficulty got Phillips out of the ve hicle and locked him up. The many friends of Mr J. Chapman Smith, of Macarthur street, Soldiers Hill, will regret to hear of his death, which took place at about half-past 10 o’clock on Saturday night. Some four yeais ago, whilst staying at Queanscliff, Mr Smith had a very serious illness, which it was feared would have a fatal termination. Though he recovered from that attack he never enjoyed good healtn afterwards, and gradually lost strength until the end. ihe cause of death was a general breaking up of the system. The deceased gentleman, who was 78 yeais of age, was born ‘in Dundee, Scotland, and came out to Victoria in 1852. He came on to Bal larat almost immediately, and for some time carried on business ‘as a earner, be ing the senior partner in the firm of Smith and Craig. Those were the days of high freights, and as the firm always proved itself reliable, it had a very ex tensive business. In this wav Mr Smith amassed a competence, and w.us abie to re tire. Judicious investment, particular ly in property in the City, added to his means, and in his closing years the de ceased gentleman was looked upon as a wealthy mail. He never took any pro minent part in public affairs, preferring the quiet of his own home. He leaves a widow and family of seven, one of his sons being a partner in the firm of Molio? and Smith, architects, and one of his daughters the wife of Mr W. Ham, share broker. Two 'licencing prosecutions, institutel under somewhat peculiar circumstances will be heard at the Town Police' Court this week. Por years past there has been a sort, of understanding that it is per missible for vendors of oysters, etc., to purchase liquor at an adjoining hotel for customers, and permit the latter to par take of it with their “natives/' This, however, it now appears, is a contraven tion of the 182nd section of the Licensing Act, and the excise authorities are insti tuting proceedings against offenders. Ac cordingly two excise officers visited Bal larat last woek, and as a result a well known Bridge street fishmonger is to be charged with sly- grog selling. The officers allege that they partook of oysters, and at their reouest a bottle of beer was procured for them. Another charge under similar circumstances, is to be pre ferred against the proprietor of a lollie shop in Main road, while charges against others will follow. A pleasant gathering was held at Craig's hotel on Saturday night, when Major Pin nock was entertained by officers of the 3rd Battalion. Colonel Williams occupied the chair. Amongst those pre. sent was Captain Serjeant who recently returned from South Africa. The toast of the guest of the evening was proposed in eulogistic terms, special reference be ing made to Major Pinnock’s long and honorable service with the battalion, and regrot was expressed that he had gone on the reserve. On behalf of the officers Major Pinnoek was presented with a handsome silver cigar case, suitably in scribed. Captain Nicholl, who has also gone on the reserve, was also presented with a souvenir. Major Pinnoek, in re sponding, warinlv thanked the officers for their kindly expressions of feeling to wards him. He also announced that he intended to give a trophy value <£lo l(li to be shot for by officers past and present. Several other toa'sts were honored, and the gathering throughout wm of a most en joyable character. It was announced at St. Patrick’s Cathe dral yesterday that the annual collection on behalf of the charities will be taken up on Sunday uext in al l the Bom an Catholic churches in the district. In making the announcement the Bishop of Ballarat (Br Moore) dilated upon the value of the institutions on behalf of which the effort was made, remarking that they afforded relief and assistance to all who needed aid, irrespective of creed or country. He therefore strongly urged his hearers to come to church next Sunday prepared to give liberally, in order to show their appreciation a* the work done by these noble institutions. Mr Horace Hannell, a member of the Taylor-Carringtoa Company, last night took part in the service at the Congrega tional Church, singing " The first Palm Sunday’’ during the offertory. Mr Han -7XOII, Who is possessed of a pleasing bari tone voice, sang with considerable taste and expression. The fortnightly meeting of the Women s Progressive League was postponed last week on account of the holiday. Next Monday, in the City HalL the Rev. G. A. Williamson Legge will give a lecture on "John Buskin,’’ when a good attendance of members is requested. The meeting will be duly advertised. The executive council of the Amalgamat ed Miners’ Association concluded its labors at the Trades’ Hall on Saturday morning. The business transacted was of no public importance, and was prin cipally connected with the internal work ing of branches. A man. who had evidently been on a prolonged drinking bout called at the Town watchhouse on Saturdav morning, and preferred a request that he be taken care -of. He was brought before Mr H- Josephs, J.P., and remanded for a week for medical treatment. A further sum of J>s teas been, paid over to the treasurer of the John Madden, fund, making .£3O collected by 'the old men of the Benevolent Asylum. Some delay was occasioned at the Town Police Court on Saturday morning, owing to the fact that only one justice, Mr H. Josephs, attended, while there were two cases listed which required the considera tion of two magistrates. Several jus tices were communicated with, but it was fully a quarter of an hour ere Mr I. Pearce, the only magistrate available, joined Mr Josephs on the bench. The Taylor-Oarrington Company con. eluded a week’s season on Saturday night at Her Majesty’s Theatre, when “East Lynne’’ was staged. There was a good at tendance, and the drama was well played. Miss -Carrington doubling as Lady Isabel and Madame Vine. Two deaths occurred at the TVendouree Asylum during the week, the first being that of a female patient named Emma Jane M'Donald, aged 6t, who was trans ferred from Yarra Bend in 1893. The cause of death was an, effusion of blood to the brain. In the second case, that of Win. Hogan, the patient, who died from heart disease, was transferred from Hew this year. The post mortems were made by Dr Usher, and the statutory in quests were held by Mr T. S. Barry, J.P. During the services at St. Patrick’s Cathedral yesterday it was announced that Sunday next would he the tenth anni versary of the consecration of the Cathe dral. Wirth Bros.’ circus concluded; a pheno menally successful season on Saturday night, when their spacious marquee was well-filled, the shilling gallery being crowded. Mons. Balioul once more had a little trouble with his tigers, Beattie, I the tigress, having to be sent back to her cage, as she exhibited a little temper, while Pasha required severe handling. The tamer, however, always had his charges well under command, so far as any danger was concerned, and in the end the chariot act was successfully perform ed. All the other portions of the per formance went off without the slightest hitch. The friends of Mr James Curtis, printer, of this city, will.be sorry to learn that he is at present very seriously ill, his condi tion being such m to cause grave anxiety. The members of the Ballarat OhoraX Union are requested to meet at the City Hall to-night, at 8 o’clock, for rehearsal for the Madden benefit conceit. Members are desired to 'bring copies of “Moonlight” and late competition work with them. _ The Ironworkers’ Association met at the School of Mines on Saturday night. There was only a fair attendance. Mr Stubbs occupied the chair. The special subject of the evening was a paper given by Mr Geo.; Kennedy on “Cyclonic disturbances and their effect on air in mines.” The paper -was a particularly interesting one, ■whDe the matter was sdfc out in such a concise, form that the listeners received an abundance of instruction. The lec turer -was wollr-c-ccivcd.and many ques tions propounded by seekers after know ledge were satisfactorily answered.- In re sponding to a vobe of thanks Mr Kennedy 