TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 12, 1901. The Methodist Ohuhch.—On Sunday last the Rev. IS. J. Piper, foreign mission deputa tion from China, conducted services iu_ the Methodist Church before good congregations. •In the afternoon Mr. Piper gave an address to the Sunday school children. - At the evening service the rev. gentleman preached an excel lent discourse, taking as his text "Thy kingdom oonae"—St. Matthew, 6-10. After showing that the keynote ef all prayers was foe the'coming - of Christ's kingdom, the preacher went on to refer to the great progress that had been made in the moral and social life of the people of the British Empire and the world generally during the past century, which he .. attributed to the riseJn thereligious Jife of the people. The purification and cleansing of the British Court ivhen Queen Victoria ascended ' the throne was followed by an improvement in both political and social life and had a benefi cial effeot on other nations as 'well. In 1834 came the emancipation of slavery, which was followed by all nations, except Portugal, coming: into line. Great changes had taken place in the drinking customs* of the people during* reoentyears and drunkenness, which was looked upon with unoonoern, was now considered a vice and temperance a virtue. The drawing together of the Churches was also an indication of the-Tise in religions life,-and the:-speaker instanced epecially-the .progress made by the Methodist Churoh during the past century, which -was" to-day a'great powerbf inflaenoedn the religious world. Then the establishment and progress of foreign-missions-in India, the islands of the Pacific, and in Chine, where there were at present80,000 Christian converts, was an answer to the prayer for the coming of Christ's kingdom-.- He hoped, in concluding, that all, would earnestly pray that God's kingdom"- would speedily come. - Daring the service the'ohoir's&ngthe; -anthem "Seek ye the Lord," Miss Sohinokel taking the solo. On Wednesday evening the Rev. Mr. Pipsr will deliver a leoiuie on Ohina in the Methodist Church. "Education Vigilance Committee. ~ A meeting of tlie Education Vigilance Com mittee was held on Friday evening, February 8\. There were present Messrs. J. McGilobmt (Chairman), W. Macintosh, 3. Sohincliel, W. F. Loutit, T. MoMahon; "Rev. T. J. Smith, and D. Caldwell' (Seoretary)... The Secretary apologised for the absence of Mr. J. L. LewiB. The minutes «f the previous meeting were read and confirmed. The Chairman. reported, that ' the Minister of Education and Mr." Miller, M.P., had not oome on January 31 on aocounfc-of another meeting that evening, but Mr. Peake, 1 M.P-, had informed him that the Minister and 'Mr. Miller would oome down, and that the date of their, visit would he advised. Copies iif. the pefcitioh to ijbe Minister, signed by between SO, and 60 resi dent's, 'were laid on the "table. "Mr. Loutit proposed that the petitions be rotsined till at. least the end of the month, and that they :be presented by the oommittee to the Minister of Education on the oooasion of his visit to Narraooorte; also that a copy of the petition in the meantime be sent to the Minister.— .Seconded by the Rev. T. j. Smith and carried. The Chairman offered to forward a letter to the Minister with a copy of the petition, and this was agreed to; The Rev. T. J. Smith proposed* that the funds to provide the prizes for regular attendance in connection with the Narraooorte Publio School be raised by subscription. Seconded by Mr. Loutit and oarried. It was arranged that Mr. W. Macintosh should go round and obtain sub scriptions. The Chairman proposed that Messrs. A. Wallace, J. B. Blaokwell, and the Rev. 3. J". Blovd he rdded tothe committee. Seconded by Mr. Suhinckel and carried. On the motion of Mr. Loutit it was decided that the Seoretary write and ask the Chairman of the Districts Oounoil to grant the use of the Council Chamber for an address by the Minister'of Education and Mr. Miller, M.P,, on education. It was resolved that the aom xni-beo meet, again in a "fortnight. " The Mohimbbo Bushitke.— The bushfire which swept across the Plains from the Morambro Station Wombat Paddock, in a north-westerly direction from the Mor ambro home-station, -on Thursday morn ing, February 7, after devastating the Burnside .Estate, crossed tbe Border Town road in several places and got among the blockers in the Range and inflicted a good deal of datnave upon the -homesteads of some half dozen of them. During tbe last bix or sevenyears these blockers have been sebtled'in in the/Range they have made nice comfortable homes, surrounded by gardens and other im provements. They are assisted in a living oy a little dairying "and diep wing of, surplus yegetableaand fruit. " The fireou Thuradayjin several eases'destroyed all their grass, damaged "their gardens, add burnt fencing kndouthuiid ings whioh contained odds and ends of value to them. To them the loss is great, as the im provemente reprpa^nted years.of toil,"and until the -labter end of winter, unless there are early rains, they will have no feed for the few head of stook they keep; and the misfortune they have sustained rthrbugh a fire whioh came .upon7them.es a.thief "in the .might is one that oalla for prompt assistance from those who have anything to spare. At the monthly meeting of ;;the -Narraooorte t Branch of the Agricultural Bureau on Saturday afternoon, during a discussion on the best way to prevent and extinguish bush fires, incidental reference -Was'Jnade - to the losses these blockers sus tained through the fire on Thursday, and seve ral,members having offered to give assistance it was decided to'form a committee to appeal to the public for assistance for the sufferers, either in money or kind,: and .to distribute the relief according to the damage each one has sustained, and that the IFerirfd be asked to jpen'the fund. We willingly comply with, the request, hoping that all will give some"'" thing according to their means, and give that something quickly. . They are casea of those?; "who have helped themselves. ~ ' Another Black Thursday.—It is a strik ing coinoidenoe that within a day of "the fiftieth anniversary of the historic Black Thursday Australia should be. visited by another suoh disastrous day,for,bosh fires and heat. Black Thursday ooeqrred on the 6th of February, 1851; the seoend Black Thursday: ooourred on the 7 th of February, 1901. Fires were very prevalent throughout Australia on Wednesday,' the 6th inst., : but the hot oyclone' that blew-with furnaoe-lik^ breath .from the aorth in all parts?of ;Ati«traIia ron" Thursday brought w^tb'ifc fires unprecedented iu the colonies smfie'the Blaok Thursday,.in M85L Old oolonists in Victoria, who remember the" Blaok Thuraday-of T85L 'fcay that - the Black | Thursday of. -19011 was; woi«e. Some writers.with; unoonsoious./grim humor refer to. --Thursday rTlMAi v--jaS'r the . Jubilee1: I of the'historic; Blaok Thursday. but L there lis nothing nuke.,: merry v.over;itbe, jfiftieth anniversa^-'of a daywhioh-wrought such damage throughout Australia, and cer tginly the fiftieth anniversary'reoalled to our memories in-a remarkably r vivid ' manner the terrible experiences bf;that;day/ Victoria seems to. have suffered the moat on Thursday last, for we read of human lives lost, And town ships, homesteads, churches, sawmills, imple ments, the produce of the harvest, and stook Being destroyed by the fires, and railway lines injured so .seriously as .to prevent the .running of trains, ^n addition to all .this there were milea.npon.miles of grass, and timber oonntry devastated. The heat was intsnse everywhere, reaohing-in eome.plaees 120" .-in the shade: In Hjany;p^rts the people \v-?re ao. alarmed that they thought the end qf the ^dfld had come, Hundreds of families barely esoaped with their, lives by plunging into swamps and waterhoies. Trains bad to ran between immense tracks of country on fire, the smoke and heat from which almost suffocated, the passengers. In some parts of South Australia it wat-Bad enough, but not nearly so "bad at in Victoria. When we consider the great dsmogedohaiiy fires in the -Western . Distriotof , Victoria just ssrow the Border the' South-Fast should be thankful they esoaped the fiery 'fiend itTweil, The fire that started on Morambro on Thurs day morning -bid fsir 'to ; sweep the whole of the Plains as -far as Panola, if not further, had not . the burnt oountry on the N&rraooorte; Station, the insult . of -fires. which _ occurred a few weeks . baok, ' pulled it up. We were fortunate also u} baviijg. a change of -wind from the north to the west and a heavy shower -of rain be~, tweeq J.2 and 1 o'olook whiob gave consider able assistancein subduing the Are. ----- - Oomhonwealth Items, -r The Federal-, Government -will take over the State Defence' Departments and the Pott and Telegraph services on March L' The £12,000 provided in l the Commonwealth Act as .salaries for Federal .Ministers has been apijortioned as follows:— 'Prime Minister, £2,103 a year.;-other, Minis-, ters, £1,650 each,' Mir.' Barton will address a meetin|in Adelaide ihiaevepiqg (Tuesday,) An Accident. — An equestrian accident ooourred to Master Hugh MoEaohern, a youth of 14 years of age, son of Mr. Hugh MpEachern, of Stewart's Range, on Monday morning. . Hfi;:iwa3,nding/» pony-:tb ,eo6d6t and when - within a mile ef the town the animal shied nad threw ;the;youthheayily on the road aide,kickmg him* After falling. was picked npiincooBoious by Mr.Dent, jofthe railway permanent way,and_pbnvey"ed •bbme. Dr. MacmiUan was at oinoe sent for, - and while the dootor was in attendance the boy regained consciousness. The result of the fall was a slight conouesion of the brain. We •are pleased to say that the- -patient 'iB""no w' progressing satisfactorily. Miutaby.—On Saturday a mounted /drill in oonneotion with the local Mounted Rifle Corps took plaoe. About twenty rank__and file turned out, and liieutehantsTindiater and Smith and-Sergeant Piatt- drilled the' men. The Commanding 'Officer (Lieutenant Findlater), basreceived instructions from the Staff Office that all tha'membsrs of the .corps must paradeHn A-delaide on Saturday, the 16th iust., in connection with the visit of the Imperial troops to the city. It is not quite certain whether the;men of the local corps will leave for Adelaide on Friday or Saturday by ordinary train, but from the order issued from the StaffOffioe it would seem that they will leave by. ordinary train/on Saturday morn ing. ~ An early special which leaves Mount Gambler at 5 o'clock on Saturday morning will .pickup the horses.of the Corps at Narraeoerte. The order from the Staff Office states that members of the Mounted Rifle Reserve Corps :are to reach Adelaide by 8 o'clock on Satnrday night, February_16, in review order. Arrange ments are being hfade by the Traffio . Saner | infeendpnt for the transport; pf the horses to Adelaide. The stay of the reserve foroes in Adelaide is expeoted to extend till Tuesday evening, February 19, and a_rranggjnp.Hts.iW.LU be made for provUibnlhg the men. Members <Sf jSbp EeservVTPoroe.raquiredjo parade 'dur ihg.jtheir stay ih. A.delai^Jfdr.pubiia hel'eitnbn - ial functions will be paid at the same rate as the active forces parading. As all the men from Narracoorte who go to Adelaide on Saturday will be in on Friday evening^ so as to truok their horses early in the morning, it has been arranged to have a drill that night at 8 o'clock,; when Sergeant Piatt" will! put1 the men through the sentry and other. nrny epafenti which they',will be "expected ' to do' while -in tjtmp;-; *'• : : '• - * "*'* "■ PROCLAIMING THE KlNG AND THE IMPERIAL Teqops.—The people of Adelaide have two important and ■ interesting fix tures in : prospect whioh : will . lend themselves to military - spectaculari effect. We refer to the proclamation of King Edward VII. and the visit of the Imperial troops, who -were sent specially to Take part in the Sydney Commonwealth celebrations. The Govern ment at tireb did nob consider it necessary to have any ceremony, in proclaiming the King, but publio'sehtiment and opinion1 forced their hand,and.now.thev-.wll-proolaim the- King .with all due ceremony on .the oocasion of tbp visit of the'. Imperial Troops^ ; TheTmperial troops are expected to arrive in; Adelaide bn Sunday next, but as 'they are 'doming direot from New Zaalabd'theymay arrive^on Satur day or Monday oext. The country military Curces^re to be oallod-in toThe: ojty to take part in .thefdemonstraticrni,^ If the Imperial .troops arrive og Qaturdayithere- WiUprobably be a church parade on Sunday, the 17th inst,; and the. proclamation of the King Will take place pnf Monday.-.: ! n ,: l \ Dutch Bulbs direct ifrotn" Holland just to hand, oboioe Daffodils, Anemones, Ranunculi, Tulips.-Peonies,'Isi?w,. Sparaxi*, Colochortua." Order earlv. * FuUarlon & Blaokwell. \ z ./ The "Royal Visit."—ft has been definitely decided that the Duhe and Duohess of York will visit Australia at the opening of theOom monwealth Parliament in May next. TATiAKA'DiSTHicr Council andthetQuee v's"" Death.—His Excellency the Governor has received the following message-of coudolenoe from the Tafisra "District"Council r'—"I am instructed by the District Council of Tatiara now assembled to oonvey to ycu, on behalt of ifcBelf and the residents of the district, their deep sorrow at the decease of bur be loved Queen.. Victoria, and also to; express feeling of - loyalty To King Edward VII. aucoession to the throne." W.O.T.U.—The business meeting of the local branch of the Woman's Christian Tem perance Union was held! on Friday after noon, February 8, in' theyWesleyan class room. There were present—Mrs. A.tti will, President; Mrs. Wiloken, Treasurer; Mrs. D. MoLeod; Recording Secretary; Mesdamei Adams, ' Hamstone, Marshall, Sprigg, and Sheldrick. - After-The opening service the roll was called, and the minutes' of the pre vious, meeting were_reaVi arid confirmed. A circular -was read. from. Miss George(Goloaial Secretary )on . Miss Willaifd'a " home call" as. follows; — "W.O.T.U.- Headquarters, January 21, 1901. Desr Sister—You all re member the sorrow we felt - when the news oame that Miss Wilf&rdat; the ''noon hour" of the night-on--February1 If had passed to her Etemftl Home. Each anniversary of her home-going is a reminder to us of her worth and work, and in or4er that iwe' tnay be helped and fitted toi carry on J the Work she bequeathed uspijr President (Mrs. Hone)and our Evangelistic' Superintendent Mrs. Shear ing) have fixed Monday February 18, as a day of prayer : and ;praise. I With onr Twentieth Century -Effort in front of na we need that preparation pf ^epirit Which comes from waiting :.on- God. Each tday proves more and more the evils of strong drink and our helplessness to overcome them except we are-strong in " the strength which God sup pliea" through Hie JEternal £Sob."; I enolose a oopy of the .programme ..that as prepared for the meeting to be held here, and onr hope is that all^Unions -thatpannot attend that^neeting wiu arrange one in their own town? VI wauld.aUo draw; your p.ttehtion to MrgiS Shearing'^ "better in" the: "Ailianoe News," also to the cartoon, reprint$bf whioh can be had.—Wishing you every- good wish, I remain, yonrs in W.R^ISpnds, -Mary J. George."; It was arranged. |o; bold aspeoial meeting' on Monday, FebraSry 18, When ad dresses will Vgiveu-Vby aeveral mambers. The Treasurer read the monthly statement, showing a "balance in band of £1 "9a-8d. Ao Tsouht"passed""FdFpayment, Is 5d, fdfc- pledge books, members1 cards, etc. Mrs.-'Adams and Mra.-,3prigg repotted having-distribated the iisiiil literature in theiraiafriata:' Mrs. Attiwill reported having distributed litera ture in various ways. --The-hospital-meetings, held on the first and third Friday of each ;'morith,.werer reported,, and ate-looked for ward tq by the patients. The meeting closed with fiyeri?. M4BKiAQB.-rWe ta& the f&towingSlibm; lastVweyk's ''G.ritio''j~-A preity^weddingjjvas celebrit^.AnS'harsday lapt at'the reiidenbe of ! Mr.TL'Seafles, s TSlang ^Statidh, rSiiigsfcon, when'® hiegyouageit- daughter, Maes Kate Searles, was united io Mr. George* Maine, son of the RAV^liliSii^df Border town. The oiwe mony_; wag|performed by the bridegroom's father,??an3'ia happj^Wternooa yras .spent at the oonplusion of the ceremony.*' [The^bride ! was drMsed; in;; "white ; sateen. "Tha nappy couple went on' tb 'Bbrdertdwn. ^Kett desti- I .h**. ..<*&& iwo.-.v1.■"■I. ' -nation.?. . ... .. , .. Defabtobe^of C5dkx&assr.-;?v The members ofthe Fifth Odhtingentmatohed through theprinoipal ktteetsi Of Adelaide on . Fridaymowipg. jind al though'-; theirei'wus Sfeo pnbuo holiday observed the strpetsiwerelined' with. thou8^d_s of^peotatprs»and; the, ArpOps 1 'were, fi^uMfcly^ieereii.^'' i<9n1^iifeabflt''oTtbe. death otQueen "Viotoria,*-tfaere;waa *a';l!Ou6hb^ solemnity aboutthe - whole of'the .proceedings.'; but all the same, the men. had a yrdbd and gratifying reception. r The troops, ^aftertheir maroh thrbugh the streets, were '--entertained at a luncheon at .the dubilee Exhibituro- bmldihg. The Premier (Hon. F: W. Holder) and other Ministers were present; and a^aumber oTTare^ well speeches were.^ipade... The Contingent, embarked an the^i^azisnqn Safcprda^yarid having anchored off Lairgs Bay ddiin^ SatuV day night, the ship sailed direct for Gape Town Ht2.§Q on Sunday afternoon. 