THE BUSH FIRES. COMPUTING THE DAMAGE. MILES OF COUNTRY DEVASTATED. WANGARATTA, Monday. The fire that swept over the Boggy Creek settlement on Thursday night is believed to have originited at Kilfeera, 30 miles away, on Tuesday, and it is reported that the cause of the outbreak was phosphorus dropped by two men whose fingers were burnt in the process of making rabbit poison. On Tuesday and Wednesday the flames progressed through Greta and on to the hills above Myrrhee. The high winds on Thursday brought the fire down, and during the afternoon several miles of grass and fencing were destroyed. Towards night the wind increased, and for two hours the fire raged over Boggy Creek. Houses which were left standing when the file swept onward were consumed an hour later, when the wind brought the flames back in almost the opposite direction. The residents describe the noise of the flames as resembling thunder, and many believed that a thunderstorm was approaching, for the air was darkened by dense clouds of heavy smoke, which seemed to be suddenly swept away to disclose a mountain of flames close by. There were many hair- breadth escapes as the fire careered up and down the valley. Of twenty homesteads within a space of about six miles only eight are now standing, and these remain only as the result of good fortune or des- perate efforts on the part of the owners. Numberless instances are given of miracu- lous escapes from personal injury. The fire happened at milking time, when the settlers were in their oldest clothes, and these are the only property saved by at least 12 of the victims. It is impossible to calculate the loss of fencing, but many miles have been con- sumed between Kilfeera and Moyhu, and the loss of grass will be greatly felt. Seve- ral dairymen are now travelling their cows along the lanes searching for feed. The losses at Boggy Creek include C. G. Pat- terson's homestead; Mrs. Forge, house and outbuildings, 410 acres grass, and fencing, 4 tons of hay, several pigs and cows; Mr. James Gillogley, house, grass, and fencing; Mr. Edward Whalley, house, grass, and fencing; Mr. Joseph Stevenson, house and grass; Mr. Evan Evans, house, reaper and binder, 20 tons of hay, several bags of bar- ley, and implements; Mr. John Wheeler, house, 100 acres of grass, 20 bags of oats; Mr. Thomas Jarrett, house, 430 acres of grass, 125 bags of oats, sheds, 8 tons of hay, 5 horses; Mr. W. Southey, house, grass, and fencing; Mr. Thomas Hart, house, three horses, several bags of wheat, and chaffcutter; Mr. R. Morgan, house, 300 acres of grass, and several cows; Mr. David Fleming, two houses, outbuildings, &c.;, 23 milking cows, 17 young cattle, im- plements, a stable, 30 tons of hay, 10 bags of wheat, 40 bags of oats. In all the above cases the loss includes the contents of the houses and everything on the farms. Mr. H. N. Patterson lost 700 acres of grass, 19 cows, 5 tons of hay, 20 bags of peas, and several pigs; Mr. S. Henderson lost 150 acres of grass and a buggy; Mr. R. Stanley, 1,500 acres of grass and 50 sheep; Mr. John Evans, of Redcamp Sta- tion, 8,000 acres of grass, 600 sheep, and 19 horses; Messrs. W. and J. Lewis, 1,000 acres of grass; Mr. R. Wallace, 7 cows, 1,000 acres of grass, 25 tons of hay; Mr. H. Wallace, 10 cows, 4 horses, and 120 acres of grass; Mr. W. Cryer, 90 acres of grass and a stripper. The Myrrhee Post-office, conducted by Mr. David Fleming, with his residence, was consumed. The Myrrhee State School and the Myrrhee Creamery, both in the same neighbourhood, were also reduced to ashes, so that the little settle- ment has been almost entirely removed. In the Greta district no houses were lost, but grass and fencing were consumed for miles, the principal sufferers being Mr. J. Holden, 1,200 acres; Messrs. W. Ryan, W. Cummings, W. Tanner, C. Jewett, M. Delaney, B. Franklin, J. Tanner, R. Beat- tie, grass and 60 sheep; Mr. R. King, out- buildings; Mr. R. J. Mason, 1,000 acres; Messrs. T. Lynes, M. Kearney, M. Watson, R. Hughes, G. Bauchop, W. Tanner, and J. Nolan, buildings; Messrs. Kennedy Bros., buildings; Mr. Joseph Corker, grass, fencing, and two stacks of grain. Mrs. Forge and her son made an effort to save some of their clothing by placing it in a dray, which they drew on to the bare road and got under themselves, but the vehicle was ignited and consumed, so that they were left without protection in blinding smoke, and surrounded closely on all sides by the flames. They cannot ex- plain how they escaped, for the house, sheds, &c.;, close by them were burnt. Other sufferers, Mr. and Mrs. Thos. Jarrett, hastily sent their four children away to a neighbour's house, where there was more safety because of cultivation paddocks around it, when the fire was seen to be coming, and they made an effort to save the home. But it was wasted energy, and to save herself the wife lay down under a reaper and binder, and was alone there for two hours, her husband being cut off from her while he was endeavouring to save some of his property, and had himself to stay on a narrow piece of bare ground in the midst of flame until the fire passed. Mr. and Mrs. Evan Evans and two sons saved themselves by running into a creek, and this was also the means of escape of Mr. and Mrs. J. Wheeler and a child, Mr. R. Morgan and his wife, and Mr. W. Southey. Mr. W. Patterson and his wife, Mr. David Fleming and family, and others had also particularly narrow escapes, and saved their lives only by being fortunate in having a small area of cultivated ground near the homestead. The victims of the fire suffered intensely from the effects of heat and smoke. MESSAGE OF SYMPATHY. His Excellency the Lieutenant-Governor has forwarded messages of sympathy to the presidents of shires in which the bush fires have wrought great damage, and in most cases replies have been received expressing the gratitude of the residents. VALUABLE STUD RAMS DESTROYED STEIGLITZ, Friday. A bush fire broke out in Mr. S. Staugh- ton's granite paddock, Anakies, yesterday, at half-past 12 o'clock, and, fanned by a strong north wind, it appeared to have swept everything before it, houses ex- cepted, down to the bay by 5 p.m. A large army of fire-beaters was soon in attend- ance, but all they could do was to stop the fire from spreading in a westerly direction and save buildings. One elderly man named Northfield was severely burned about the body, face, legs and arms. He was taken to the Geelong Hospital when it was ascertained that there was no hope of his recovery. Several other men were more or less injured. Thousands of acres of grass and miles of fencing have been destroyed, and Mr. F. Tucker had all his hay burned. 1,500 of Mr. F. Armytage's best sheep were roasted to death, includ- ing 30 valuable rams, one of which he re- cently purchased for 140 guineas. 3,000 SHEEP BURNT YEA, Monday. The devastation caused by the fire re- ported in "The Argus" of Saturday has turned out to be infinitely worse than was first thought. The area covered by the fire amounts to a little over 200 square miles of country, and within that area the fenc- ing has disappeared, making it one vast blackened common. The losses, besides fencing and grass, have been very severe. Messrs. D. and D. M'Leish of Murrindindi and Glenmore, lost 1,000 sheep and a few cattle; Mr. T. S. Scale, 200 sheep; Messrs. O'Connor, 600; Mr. H. J. Clarke, 280; Mr. Ahearn, 90; Mr. C. M'Kenzie, 130; and numerous others have lost small lots. The stock are wan- dering at will across the country, and great difficulty will be experinced by owners in mustering. The fire at the Ti-tree was of extraor- dinary fierceness. Hills that previously who thickly clothed with undergrowth and trees have been burnt bare. Mr. D. Tyrer's residence was saved with great dif- ficulty. Some saddles and bridles that had been thrown out on the road for safety caught fire. Slight showers of rain fell to- day. They will materially assist in the work of extinguishing the fire. AN ENORMOUS TRACT RAVAGED. SETTLERS DESPERATE. EUROA, Monday. Details of the recent fires are now coming to hand. In the fires at Longwood a strip of country about 20 miles in length, varying from one to three miles in breadth, was ra- vnged Most of .his wits darning ind sheep rcaiing countr}, mid one in t\ now dnve through nn> portion of i ncarl. nil the fences having been destiovcd In addition to this an enormous hie inged it Ruffy and Gobui, and a third it IM ii raneen) The disaster will he long ind beserely felt throughout tins distuct The farmers and dairymen dong the route aie in desperate straits to keep then cattle olive, and much stock -will hd\c to he sacrificed A largo cittle sale has been arranged for to enable faufferers to dispose of then surplus stock , AN APPEAL TOR HELP HAMILTON, Monday Last night at Christ Church, the Rev Canon Hayman made nn earnest appeal for help for the sufferers by the disastrous fires last week, winch was nobly responded to The ladies met to day, and resolved thero helves into -work parties, being busy nil day in the Sundaj school hall receiving nnd mending clothes, large quantities of -which wcio received Canon Hayman drove to Byaduk and Macarthur toda\, and distn buted, the clothing lo morrow the people in Branxholme and Condah will be assisted 'J he raa>or (Councillor Loughnane) is call ing a public meeting for Wednesday after noon to devise means for rebeving the suf fercrs TUF SOARSDATF riRES 1 RELIEF MrASURES SCARSDAJF, Monday A public meeting wns held on Saturday night for tho purpose of devising menus of assisting the persons who were rendered homeless hy the bush fire last week The major (Mr A Bowle?) oc cup!ed the chair and there wns n large attend ance. It was decided to open subscription lists nnd to request the metropolitan Kallarat mid local newspapers to open a hush fire subscription Out of the seven homesteads burnt out only ono \ni insured Most of the sufferers lost cverj -liini? they possessed including house furniture, clothing, poultrj pigs Ä-c A touching inci dent was related b\ the flre-bcators An old man living; in a hut bv himself had onH recently j,ot a bag of flour in mid when his hut was burning he clung tennciousl} to the big and cn dcavoured to rescue it from the burning building His life was only saved by his being forclbls dragged out of tile hut and carried to a place of safety OTHER OUTBRFAKS CRVM-OURIhT, Monday On Thursday last one of the most disastrous hush fires csor seen in this district commenced in Mr J Greaves s piddock about two miles from Cranbourne, neir Hie Dandenong nnd 1 he flames travelled nt a terrific speed entering the properties of Mr F Greaves and Mr An thon v Is Tacey After doing considerable damage to j.rass and fencing on both of the lastmentroned places the flames lept tlio Isarra >\ arran road into Messrs Wakeham Bros * paddock thence into another of 3Ir A Is Faces s paddocks on again into the properties of Messrs \\\ akehnm ind J T N 1 iee\ It was with the greatest difficult} that Mr Criddock saved his home as ihe Are burnt to within i few feet of the walls. At this point the fire divided one part being in Mr J 1 N lace} s laddock and the other In Messrs Wakeham Uros* paddock, which is owned I y the Commercial Ilink After hours of hard fighting the fire was got under about 32 p m in Mr laeey's The other parr spread into G lad} s park leased bv Mr It *A Our and after going for about 200 or 300 jurds in the short (,nss died out On IVid i\ the fire again commenced in Mokc-iam's paddock and but for timéis assistance Hil whole of his (,rass paddocks mid hou e would have been destros ed The following arc henvj losers -Mr Jas Gre ave* grits and fencing Mr A N lacey, gross anl svirc fencing, Messrs "Wakeham, J _ N 1 icev _ Greases and P W Carr were also hcavs losers with gross nnd fencing The fire travelled for over four miles, nnd at the widest point ss os about two miles wade numerous other fires are burning lound the district Altogether about six or seven miles of fencing svas burnt in the above fire, and thousands of acres of grass CASTLCMATVE, Fnda} The bash fire wliich lias been devastating the countr} around Frscrstown lias ncarls burnt itself i ut, and is confined to i narrosv strip of countrs in the direction of Dummond A settler about three miles from lr}orsto\sn nimed M Warter was completely burnt out Ho ia a miner b} occiipi lion and liad desotcd his cirnings to fencing and jniproslng a selection Hl had onl} completed nn extensive addition to his hout-o \shcn the fire con fumed ever} stick on lis lind leasing the owner penniless, as his propcrts was not insured Several other Bettlers suffered considcrabl} Nearly all the male residents of Frscrstown were up all Fliurs dav night flgliting the fire Tlio fencing of the water race towards Taradale was dcstro}cd for a distance of atxntt seven miles arid residents in the vicinity sufîercd eonsidenhh Burnt fragments of lark were found six miles from the scene of the lire. CRESWICK, Saturday Treat heal has lieen expon need during the i i*t few davs and on lliurwla} the damage done bs fire and wind and storm s as ver} consider nhle Fences fruit Inns orchards and forests in different parts hase been devastated ind nothing so severe Ins es r been experienced unco Black Thtirsdiv The j.rcat loser in the district is Mr Tot n Clnricson farmer of Kooroo ehear g who had his fit c homestcul destroved b} 1hc fire, which originated In his grass padlocks There wns a small ia lroncc on the building in the London and Lane is) ii re 1 ire Office MACARTHUR Saturday Thursday will long l>e remembered here Dust storms lasted about 14 hours den«e smoke ob ncurcd tho sk> and horizon nnd the telegraph line was interrupt d The gik. carried the lire out of the Mount Lccles barrier into Mr Ï I llunth/s Glenhuntly * state where it burned florecí} taking all before it Reaching Mrs M Innis s Inverness farm where the f,rass hap pened to be short, it ssas checked in that direc lion Travelling sont li easter!} it struck Mr hhendan s farm A gallant attempt wis made io save eveiytldng, lwt has [»tables sheds, and vehicles were burned Tie dwelling ignited (--overol times but the fire ss-as extinguished Addinsall hod a narrow escape but saved ..... home and stock The green gross of the Cone ?hsramp stopped tlie fire \nothcr (Ire came from < on&th; wo}, and reached Knebsworth and is nl-out half a mile from Mr Stoddart s Ardonachie 1 state I>uring the gale great damage ss is done 1o roofs many being stripped Sheds wore thrown down and in orchnrds immense quantities of fruit strewed the ground. Last evening a fire ptartcd in the log fence bounding the recreation reserve It was soon discos ered and extinguished 1 eforc much damage was done Its origin is a msstcr} KYNETON, Fridas A fire, ßiipposcd to have boen caused bs rabbit trappers occurred near the Upper Colilian re KTsoir works yesterday A considerable area of (,nss and fencing ssas dcstro}ed before it was tot under LFPACF, Saturday On Thursday bush fires ssore raging in es cry di rertion So far as is at present known Mr Wilson of Bridgewater, is the heaviest loser, the fire constnrang CO toas of has, horse works, chaff cutter, and farming implcnunts M0RTT AKT, Friday A c}C-onc, which lasted about 20 minutes, rwept away trees, verandahs and roofs The paint shop of Mr Burrows and the * Vc (.patch" store-room were levelled to the ground The proprietor of tho latter had Just left the build ing MRRVNDA, Trida} Croat destruction wns dono vesterday by bush fires The bridge oser Buckle} Creek at _sn}lcr was burnt, and also sesernl lmmesteads PRINCETOWN, Saturday A most devastating fire has taken place in this neighbourhood Mr G Henrlckson of Wange?ip was completely burned out. Most of the stock on the estate vstro dostrosed In the fattening t iddock tie cattle sscre roasted lu fore the flames Mimbers of selectors and firm ord in the forest ire rendered homeless f oldstraw n saw mills nt Timboon were completely swept ass-a}, and the bullock teams roa ted on the road The Rivernook coach with mails and passen gers containing Messrs Pr Tait, Remnant and others had a narrow escape. All communication by telegraph is stopped, and miles of the tele graph line burned. It was the worst day ever experienced in the district. The sun was obscured at 2 o'clock and candles had to be lit. A strong N.E. gale raged all day, carrying a complete wall of fire through out the southern portion of the Heytesbury and Cape Otway forests Sr.MOUR Mondas Tlio extent of the damage caused 1} the bush fire at Kob>boyn last w tk e innot le rstimateil s it swept such n sast area of countr} At larcombe Station 0 000 ni res of grap-i and fencing nnd a nnmber 3wt nil his finir} 1 tnl and i mimi er of other (attie and pouHrv an i his houp sns consumed i Messrs. Chisholm lost i,rass cn tin Ir property and tlio homestead M Mjiies lost t 000 acres grasi and fencing Hie Glen I>on pad i wk nf Ilihlits Hovvi Station was me] I eh in Is the il i mes Mesura orknll Arthur ^ oraton Currun Scott itvso) lost grass and fondín, Tîic fire is now supposed to be under emit roi STIlAIIIDOGir Thurla} An extensive fire his been raging for the past tlir-c clays, and to-d i> a M tong north wind set in with tho «suit that th fire spriad rapid!} at c1 was carried alow, at u Urn He rntc A hrgt por lion of tho parish of Mirranie} was completely burnt, and, ns it wow thiel h populated there his been a great loss os can be learned no lew* of We It is reported that n larfco quantity of htuk his bein burnt IKKMHAM, I-rid«} last night's duststorm here wns tho most viohnt felt for min} scare and the loIp uprooted nnd 1 roko tree** stripped iron off roofs, nnd damaged hi} ami traill stacks in all directions. Only 1U points of min fell WAHUNAMBOOL I rldiy Tlio disastrous hush fire which oicurred in the cast riding of the shire of Warrnambool on J hum day luis devastated miles of country tlicrc is Bcarccly a fence -Unding between Garvoc and Al lansford, and tliciice through Mepunga and Nir ninda. Tho destruction of gratti will mean a heavy loss to dairymen PREYi N rrvi MJ-ASimnS WANGUtATTA, Salunlay Tho Oxley Shire Council haso unanimously adopted a resolution, prot>oscd by Councillor hniith Uiat in slesv of the great necessity for the more effectual checking of lush fin h the Oxley Council shall undertake when requested» to remos o all dad trees i xeept tltose killed bv tlie net of man fiom half the width of any road within tlio shire whiru the owner has nulled down on tlio odjaeuit lund all standing dead tJm ber within three (hains of the road SCARSDALE, ITALIAN GULLY. AND jn.WUNGA KLLIJ_r jrUND TO lill IDllOHOl lill ARGUS Sir,-Wo hftvo been directed by tho conunitteo of the nh>\o fund to approach 3ou with a view of enlisting tlie eoopein tion of your powiJiul paptr in raising funds Cor the relief of the familus nuulc destitute by tho calamitous bush Jirca of Jhuisdiy last lim eoinmitteo feel thnt the ta>K of meet Ing tlio requirements of the ht unfortunate people w ox much too gi ont n inigmiudc foi Uni» district unaided, and hiikikIv iiopo that you will consent to direct imbin atti n I jtion to tho matter and rc-civo uubuuip ' tions, thereby materially assisting their efforts. The work of destruction has been com- plete, and as far as has been ascertained there have been about ten families ren- dered homeless and destitute, these homes in all eases beinjr theil' own property. A public meeting was held in Scarsdale Town-hall on Saturday evening, Oth Feb- ruary, to organise a relief movement. It was attended by representatives from, oil parts of the afllicted district, the members of the borough council, and the prominent residents of Scarsdale. The president of the movement is Mayor Allan Bowler, the treasurer, Mr. J. T. Sadler, M.L.A.; and the secretaries, the undersigned. Trusting to receive your valued co-opera- tion,-We remain, yoins obediently, EDW. C. MURPHY, IC. P nOOD IIILT-, Joint lion. Sees. Scarsdale, Feb. 11. 