DISASTROUS FIRE IN VICTORIA. MILES OF FENCING DESTROYED. TOWNSHIPS SURROUNDED. MANY HOUSES BURNED. MELBOURNE, Sunday. The fierce heat and abnormal duststorm which were in evidence in Melbourne on Saturday morning appear to have been experienced in an intensified degree in the inland districts. In the city up to 158° in the sun and 103° in the shade were registered, and the strong wind kept the dust in motion, but in the country the heat was registered up to 105° in the shade at Stratford, 107° at Echuca, and 110° at Sale, and the duststorms were described as terrific. Other districts were still more unfortunate, by reason of outbreaks of bush fires, which in several cases assumed alarming proportions. In the district of Benalla the bush fires were even more disastrous than those which devastated the district a year ago. From early morning the heat was intense. The thermometer at 11 a.m. stood at 106° in the shade, while a north-west wind blew with hurricane force. The whole district was enveloped in a cloud of dust, and it was utterly impossible for any living thing to face the fire. While the fire was still a mile outside the township the heat of the flames and smoke made the atmosphere unbearable. The tales of devastation are appalling. The loss in fencing alone is enormous, and it is possible to ride 16 miles in a straight line without a fence intervening. Culverts and gates have been burnt in every direc- tion. The township of Thoona, which stands on a little eminence, surrounded by fertile plains, was com- pletely surrounded by fire, and to-night the sur- rounding country is one mass of flame, a magni- ficent but disastrous sight. Here and there is a brighter patch caused by buildings or a stack on fire. Scores of settlers have been burnt out, involv- ing heavy losses of live stock, machinery, grain, and general farm stores. Happily there is no loss of human life. The district of Kilmore was also the scene of dis- astrous bushfires, which were fanned into renewed life on Saturday by the strong northerly wind, which, blowing at times at the rate of from 60 to 70 miles an hour, drove the flames along through the country at an alarming rate. Hundreds of workers found it almost impossible in many cases to make the slightest attempt to cope with the fiery element. The fire at Goldenvein, Moranding, which had swept some thousands of acres on the previous day, obtained renewed life, and crops, stacks, barns, and outhouses were swept away in a very little time, while many narrow escapes of life were reported. Further eastward immense destruction was caused by the fire which broke out on Strathmore Estate. Over 4000 acres of Strathmore have been swept bare of every vestige of grass. The woolshed, sheepyards, stables, &c.;, were all burnt, but the homestead, for- tunately, was saved. The fire is still burning in some of the scrubby portions of the estate. At Mr. William Taylor's WestfieId Estate on Fri- day the fire burnt a part of his property, but Satur- day's hurricane blew the flames through the grass and stubble in a sheet of flame. The homestead, barns, and stables, with farming implements, were totally destroyed, as well as a considerable amount of stock, including some stud rams and miles of fencing. Several other properties were also de- vastated. To-day the fire is raging towards Glenarona, and at Torn Gully immense volumes of smoke are rising. Very few of the farmers had their crops insured, consequently they will be heavy losers. For many miles thousands of acres now present a pitiable sight, nothing but blackened and charred ground, ruins of stacks, buildings, and fences remaining. In the churches to-day prayers were offered up for rain and for the unfortunate victims of the disastrous fires. The damage done amounts to many thousands of pounds. 