THE POBLISR?D E'LERY THURSDAY EVENINoG UIONEaTY IS THE DEST POLIY,. THURSDAY. FEiB 14, 1901 Local News :' HOLIDAY LEAVE.--Mr Cor Stt is at resent t:e tationmiaster at the Heatheote ]ailway Statian, relieving. Mr Harrison, * who is away on Holiday leave. HOSPITAL DONATION5.-The Matron of 'the hospital desires to acknowledgo with hanks the receipt of a basket of peaches from Mr A. Charry for the benofit of the patients. HOSPITAL FeTE.-We are to have the pleasure of a visit from the Minister of Agriculture (J. 'Iorriscey M.L.A.), J. W Mason Esq. \I.L.A., and Sir John Quick K.B.L.L.D., at the forthcoming HIopital Fete on Easter Monday next. CEaETElRY TRUSTEE.--.At the public meetong held at the Shire Hall on Tues. day last week, Mr W. E Lewis was unom inated as a trustee of the Heatheute CCemetery in place of Mr J. Christie sour.. resigned. SALn OF R?CE BooTus.--We arerequested to draw the attention of those interested to the fact that the sale of booths &c; for the annual meeting of the Toohorac Rao ing Club, has boon postponed until Satur. day, 28 inst, at 1.80 p.m., at the Sugarloaf Hotel, Tooborac. DIsTANT BUsanFIRes.-Accounts are given in the Melbourne papers of di-astrous ;and olamitous bushires which occurred oi Trhursday last in diffeent parts of the olony, which in addition to an enormous destruction of property, including stock, were attended with fatal results, no less than 8 people losing their lives, of which there were thcre boys of tender years. Disastrous lios also occurred in Tas pansa, . PRoNST SETTLEMENT.--Masers .* p Bradshaw and Co., local agents for the v United Insurance Co., haye,heen prompt a in settlin' the claimi for In-uranee on Mr 1 James'Trantor's hay stacks, which Were i burnt during the r'ecent bush firet. The t Corupaiiy despatched their inspector the 1 iny following the fire, and the cheque for the cheque for the insurance was for warded three days, after. Mr i'rent'or speab.ls very hightly of the company and ,:tates that the claim was settled to his n entire satisfoction. COnic~ET.-A muktch will be played on the Heathcote reserve on Saturday after. noon, between the Heatheote C.C. and a team from the Mia hli Association, play to commence at 2.80 p.m. sharp. The Heatheote team will le choen from the following: Reid, Harrison, Tredennick, Baker, Newson, Dr Esler, Fisher, .:nbhm. eon (3), Parker, Thomas, G'Brien, Siandy, Orames, Russell, ICennan, Talbot, Revell, Christie, P. Allen. Tr, WINDSOn MAo.\zINs.- We are in receipt through the local agent Mr W. E. Lewis, of the Magazine for January, with its numerous interesting articles and tales by favourite authors. Among its articles are Leaders in the Austraiian (Qmmon. wealth, by T&&PmS; t Dob , vi t illus. tratl6ns rburl photýprys"ld ;.0 unf?: ,fe i's airT shipn ,-:h an account of its success iol first trill, also illustrations from photographs ke.o MEssAon oF S frIPATnY.--A message of sympathy relative to the bushflro was on Saturday last reaeived by telegraph from His Excellency Sir John Madden. It was addreased from Upper Macedon to the President of of the Shire of M'Ivor, and was worded as follows :-Greatly grieved at the dreadful destruction of property and loss to your ratepayors from recent fire, My sincerest sympathy to them and to you. * A SwsIn AT A DwaLLa.--Sinse Christ. tmas the residence of Mr J. Hamilton, of the Heathcote Pound, has been infested by a snake, which has been seen and? heard occasionally in the house. About 0 o'loolct on Tuesday night last, however, Miss Nellie Hamilton, who was alone at the place at the time, noticed the shake going into, the house, wvhen she got a stick and killed the reptile, much to the relief of the inmates of the house. PsNca. --Molbourne ". Punch" of Thurs. day last, in addition to its usual humorous sketches andreading, gives illustrations of the floral decorations in the mourning for the late Queen, the proclrmnation of the King, and a large double ptge picture, with the words " The Long Day Closes." Bi'itannia is leading, followed by women, representing the different colonioq with heads bowed, bearing the qoffin and mourn. ing the death of their late beloved Queen. The picture is a very striking and appro. priate one. MRaTnoDrsT Cnuncu.-By announce. ment in our advertising columns it will be seen that the Rev, E. S, Biokford, the able and highly esteemed secretary of the Wesleyan Home Mission, will visit the Heatheote Circuit on Sunday next to assist at the Harvest Thanksgiving Festival in the Shireo all on Sunday and Monday, and also speak at the Farewell Tea at Argyle Hill on Tuesday nest and Coffee Social at Tooborac on Wednesday. No doubt there will be very large attendances. SERIOUS LOSSES BY A BUSHFIRE.-We are sorry to learn that Mr Hugh Hamil- ton, and his father-in-law and brother-in- law, the Messrs Tait sustained serious losses by a bushfire at Harry's Creek, near Violet Town, on Friday last. Mr Hamilton lost 2000 acres of grass and all but his homestead and orchard, Mr Tait senr. lost all, the homestead, a 7 roomed house included, and Mr Tait junr. all his grass. They also had a number of stock burnt. Mr Hugh Hamilton is a son of Mr J. Hamilton, of the Heathcote Pound. 'TH NATIONAL WAIs' MAOAZ?PNE -In the December issue of the " National Waifs' Magazine" Dr Barnardo devotes a. good deal of space to a most intoersting record of his recent tour in Canada. 0ut of the 11,591 emigrants sent to Canada and the Colonies under the auspices of the National Waifs' Association, it is claimed, that less than two in a hypndred hla'v failed, while very many have succeeded to an extent that a few short years ago wuUld have seemed beyond the wildest dreamtus 6 the young people thltemselves. C?? general contents of the magazine muake 4pecial appeal at this Christmas soason to all who are in sympathy with skilful rescue-work carefully carrieod on. The Editor pointedly reminds his readers on bolihalf of the 5,800 boys and girls under his carse, that he sits at the recaipt of custom daily at 18 to 2, Stepaucy Causeway, London, E T'1jt MRas. 'iTORY FUND. A meeooting of the committoo of the above fund was held at tho0 'ektheote Hotel last ovening, Presoeit--Mesdaroes Wood. (ohair), Lewis, Pammenteo , Miss M. Palling, Messrs A. Debnoey, J. Ryan, T. Craven and H. Bradshaw (secretary). The secretary re-, ported that the amount ok subscriptions received was £062 8s Od, out of which Mrs Story had received £10, leaving a balance of .52 8s 9d. He also stated that Senior. Opnstable Keegan informed him that he would recommend to the P.M. tliat 10s he granted to Mrs Story by the State for the .aro of the four youngest children. Hardly any expenses had been incurred. It was decided to allow Mrs Story 5s a week un. Wil the fund was exhausted, and Mesdames Wood, Pammenter and. Lewis were ap. p?inted to act as trustees Votes of htanks were passed to itrsa Wood and Mx. Bradshrw, the collectors (coupled with:thi name of Mrs Hlellwedgo), and to the '' M'Ivor Times," for services rendered. '~he meeting then closed. MA?IE?oa.--The marriage of Samuel fourth son of the late fir John Lattt boi CldQhope, and Misa Alice Christina fourth 4auglhtr of the late Mr Androw Smith, too)o place at " Blythbank," the residence of the bride's mother, South Ieatlhcote, on Wednesday, last week. The Rev W. C. Mi'Donald B.A. performed the eeremony The, bride was given away by her brother, Mr A. Smith; Mr A. Latta, brother of the bridogtopm being best man. The bride. wore her travelling dross of vwedgewood blue poplin, trimmed with white silk, ribbon braid, afeel buckles au~oeprays of orange blossom and hat to match. Misa G. Smith, sister of the bride was brides maid havung on a heliotrope and white mercorised lawn, and diamond and ruby brooch, gift of the l~idogrooia. After a sumptuous wedding breakfast the happy couple loft for Kyneton, their future home amidst showers of rico and old shoes. The bride was the recipiont of many handsome and useful presents. EmuT Houas' FsA .-The always popular Art Union in. connpction with the anniversary of Eight Hours' Day in Mel bourne, which takes place this year on Saturday. 20th April, and Monday, 22nd April, which will be obiorved as Eight Hours' Day owing to the 21st falling on Sunday, is announced in our advoertising columns. Thin is the forty-fifth celebration of the establishment of the systom which enjoins "Eight hours' labor, eir,ht hours' recreation and eight hours' rest ;" and the commvittee have already made such arraungements in connection with the Pete. which will bo held at the Friendly Societies' Gardens, as to ensure comp ete success. It is somewhat early to enter into details of *the sports programme, but it .may be stated that it will contain a number of, o?e,-p tionally attractive events in various olaiises for which large prizes will be offered. The prizb in the Art Union is of the absblute value of £1,000; the econd prize 4£10, and the third £00, and thler arc 140 other -rizcs of various values. Special attention i, directed to the important fact that every ticket actually sold, and no others, will have a chance in the Art Union, which twill be drawn publicly on the ovening of Y'onday, the 29th April, and the winning numhbors adverticed in the Melbourne dailies on the 80th April. The tickets are the usual price--" the nimble chilling"- and they may he purchased in every town in the state, or direct from the acorotary, Mr Charles Harris, at the Tracdsy Hall" Melbourne. It should be mro tipned that every ticket purchased wi lhave anh qtdal chance in the Art Union, vwhether used for admission to the Fete in Melbourne or not. The proceeds of the. Art Union will be distributed among the charitablo inst. tutions, town and country, an4 it is antioc. pated that this adcell nt feature will have the effect of inducing the public to pur chase the Eight Hours' Art Union tickats with even greater eagerness than hither. to. PoIOc,' Count.--There was a short list at the court on Friday last, Mr Dwyer, .\L,, - il ,.i I Thun, P, 1being on the be:nchi, tua ca a of elu nid rc. discn doily of ie;r::iAuhtn l KzLI,, i- ;?. ,:n i'tJ. L.rrsan, c-ution ,t b -ing " ; odiii ?- A . dt-ebt case, in which MI r ??irth, appetared to tilo plarintiff, w\vs elttld, an order hoing given for 16/Od oasts. In the adjourned case of W. G. Smlith v. . G . Talbot, that tho said defendunt being a pereoii supplied with water by the HIoathcote Waterworks Trust, did negligently allow such water to run to waste, Mcr ohen appoare. for the Trust, and Mr Toltan bing.a trust core. misionuer did not adjudioate in the ease. H. D. Thomas, coretory to the Trust, gveo evidence as to the trust's colsatitution and in reply to the defendant, etated de fendant applied for a moter, but after the soutmons had been issued. W. Q. Smith, caretaker, gave evidence to the effect that on the 11th December at 0,80 pin., he foun? tho water running full on at do. fondant's place, with no once in chargo of it, and the ground for 6 or 8 yards round was pretty wet. It was not running into any receptacle, It had boon running, he should think, about a hour and a half. He turned it off, and went to the holuse, but was told Mr Talbot was not at home, It was running on a plot of lucerne. In reply to defendant witness answered several questions, Defendant gave ovi donoe to the effect that on the night in quostton he was watering with the hose till about halt past 8, and left it going through the ine'rose which he produced while he went for e walk. It was watering luoorno in which there were also fruit trees acid flowers. Thoer, was no wilful waste, lfr Dwyer, in the' courseo of remarks, said that watering with the hose hold in the hand was allowed, as it was well known that people generally after holding the hose for about 20 minutes get full up of it, and in that way would not be likely to use too much water, His advice was not to odvoc.te n .qters too iuoeh, as they would put the people to a good deal of expense. A fine of 10s was inmposed with 18a costs. An application for dcarrior'o lioenco by D; Chamiherlsiu was granted. 