Another Black Thursday. AN APPALLING DAY OF RUIN. 200 square miles of country swept. 3000 Sheep burnt. The cemetery devas tated. Lives and homesteads in jeopardy. THE most calamitous bushfire that -has ever occurred in this district took place on Thursday last. From the almost incalculable amount of present pecuniary loss to the community as a whole, as well as from the losses that will accrue-in the near future to landowners by the complete extinguishment of the hopes of keeping their stock in the paddocks during the remaining days-of summer, last Thursday will long be remembered by the residents of the district as being a veritable Black Thursday. On almost the identical date of the anniversary of that day of general destruction to -life end property some 49 years ago, this district has been devastated and laid waste by a fire of extraordinary magnitude and embracing in its bounds some of the best dairying properties in the North East. The losses in stock have been very heavy, but fortunately few houses have been destroyed. From variously stated points the has come to be recognised as the true state of affairs, started almost simul taneously a little after midday on Thursday. One fire it is said com menced at the rear of Mr. Baird's property at Homewood, and the other about two miles away in the Dairy Creek district. Within a short time the two fires joined forces and aided by a strong northerly wind all properties in the immediate neighbourhood were soon involved in one common ruin. Spreading with velocity through well grassed paddocks, all efforts by the few workers who were about were rendered futile. It unfortunately happened that nearly all the residents were absent from their holdings at the -celebration of the Yea Shire Common wealth Picnic, and had it not been for this the loss which we have to chronicle would in all probability not have reached the enormous and appalling total which we are sorry to say is only too true. In the Dairy Creek and Homewood districts nearly every hold ing was burnt out. At the residence of Mr. Borrie a hard fight occurred to save the house and this was only a repetition of what was taking place at other holdings. Mr. J. Bett lost 18 tons of hay and fencing. In fact the whole of the district has practically been made-one vast common by the demo lition of the boundary fences. The fire made a clean sweep of Mr. T. S. Scale's property, the homestead known as "Deep Dene" being burnt to the ground. A heavy loss occurred here of about 200 sheep, suffocated and burnt. The wide- spread and ever increasing area of the fire embraced all the properties from the railway line, which formed a fire-break, to the Ti Tree on the other side of Bullamalita. Through the Flat Lead the fire licked up everything in its course, whilst the same was ocourring near the railway-line. Mr.Tolmie's residence was saved with great difficulty and Mr. D. Picard had an equally anxious time. The small orchard at Mr. S. Baird's was quickly withered up and at Mrs. Drysdale's, "The Dell," the chances of saving the home were at one time regarded as remote. Every blade of grass on Mr. Drysdale'sBox-hill property was destroyed the same thing occurring st Mr. J. Drysdale's paddock. At Dairy Creek Mr. C. Seager, a rabbit trapper, had a particularly hot time. The fire came along whilst he was lying down, the tent he occupied catching alight on several occasions. Seager's horse received very severe burns and was only rescued with dificulty. By 6.30 p.m. the fire had spread over an enormous area, but by far worse was to follow. By this time it should be mentioned that scores of men and boys had hurried away from the picnic and were assisting in the work of beating out the fames. A little later the wind changed to the South-west and the flames were driven with lightning like rapidity towards the township. From the tops of the far hills beyond Bullamalita it swept through Murrindindi and the Agwarby Estate, past the Canadian battery and up the slopes of the hills around Sheoak. As the shades of night were falling the scene was indescribably grand and awe inspiring. The flames were making great leaps driven by the southerly buster up the slopes and down the valleys intervening, and when the fire burst over the tops of the ragged hills surrounding the town the full extent of the calamity that was occurring dawned upon the eyes of many a resident of Yea. Through the paddocks intervening it raged and into the cemetery enclosure where the grass was unusually high, up and in amongst the graves, and destroying a number of wooden fences around them. The caretaker's hut was destroyed and the outside fence burnt in many places, whilst the gates were saved with difficulty. Altogether the sight of the destruction in the cemetery was a sad one. The fire was all this time sweeping through the Aswarby Estate burning down the wool-shed, and the battery at the Canadian mine was three times on fire. The tents of some of the men fired and there seemed every prospect at this spot of some very serious loss of life. Down at Mr. J. Quinilan's residence the fire caught everybody unawares, and a hard fight ensued to save the homestead which luckily was successful. At first Mr. Quinlan thought that he had sustained a serious loss of sheep, but in the morning a large number were discovered camped on a bare hill on the property. On the Box-hill road the hay stacks of Mr. J. Drysdale were saved with great difficulty, the flames being beaten back within a few feet of them. At this place Mr. A. Drysdale sustained a severe fall from a horse, but we are pleased to say that he is now recovered. Around Mr. Aldous', and also at Mr. C. Ker's the fire was particularly warm, raging right up to within a few yards of the houses. Further back on the Whittlessa Road Mr. J. Hume's property was devastated, and it was first reported that the house had been destroyed, but it turned out untrue. On the opposite side of the road Mr. E. S. Purcell's property was swept through, a number of cattle being saved after some trouble. Nearer the town Mr. C. Tyson's house was soon surrounded by a ring of fire, and he lost a good number of sheep. On the slopes of Constitution Hill the flames were beaten out within a few yards of some heavily grassed paddocks. In the earlier portion of the afternoon the fire raged with unprecedented violence in a southerly direction, and the scene at Mr. Tyrer's house is described by an onlooker as awful in the extreme. The family, with the exception of Mrs. Tyrer, was away at the picnic, and, after taking eight men along to the scene of the configaration on the Whittlesea Road, Mr. Tyrer found his progress blocked, and had to find a way round by Murrindindi, with ex hausted horses, being overtaken close to his home by Mr. J. M'Kinnon at full gallop, closely followed by Mr. S. T. Cannon. The party arrived to see the place surrounded by flames, and the chance of saving the buildings seemed the remotest. Mrs. Tyrer, seeing the gravity of the situation, had previously had every available vessel filled with water, which is laid on from a dam,and placed near the house. The new arrivals just came at the opportune moment, when the two men employed by Mr. Tyrer, who had rushed in from the bush, were all but spent. Mr. E. V. Wade, who had driven out with the family, came gallantly to the rescue, not withstanding his dam aged hands, injuries which were sustained a few days ago by a fall from at bicycle. The showers of sparks were dense, and falling in and over the buildings A cottage on the ground was twice on fire and the flames got into the wool-shed, which was saved with greatest difficulty. The ladies of the household behaved splendidly during this trying ordeal, and their conduct was the admiration of all the other workers. The bullock-waggon, close to the house, caught fire on two or three occasions, but this was fortunately saved for future use in repairing the fencing, a large quantity of which was burnt. For two hours, which seemed like ages, the suspense was awful, but at last the fierceness of the fire abated. During the height of the fire the scene beggars description, and the place has to be seen before one can realise the danger it was in. We understand that Mr. Tyrer has lost a considerable quantity of cattle, sheep, and horses, but the owner takes his losses very philosophically, and marvels that he has any left. As showing the intenseness of the heat some saddles and bridles which had been thrown out on to the road for safety caught fire, and a good portion had been destroyed before they could be saved. A hut about three-quarters of a mile away from Mr. Tyrer's, occupied by a man named James Hunt, was burnt to the ground, as likewise was the building on Mr. Harry Smith's property. Mr. Hunt's loss is very severe, as it was his little all, and it was very pathetic to see the old man standing, on his crutches, helpless. In the fight for the homesteads of Messrs. Borrie and Bett, the want of more assistance was badly felt, and Mr. C. Begg, of this town, rode in to the picnic ground, and succeeded inducing a number to proceed out to the scene of the fre. It would be impossible to describe with accuracy and minuteness of detail the many narrow escapes which occurred during this eventful day, but, amongst others, Mr. J. McKinnon had narror escape of being cut off and surrounded by fire through his horse not facing the flames. Through Murindindi the utmost ruin was caused, and on Mesrs. D. and D. McLeish's property alone about 12 shep have been destroyed, whilst a large lot will, it is feared, die. Mr. Daniel McLeish received a severe scorching in his efforts to rescue his stock. In some portions of this property the sight is pitiable in the extreme, sheep lying about scorched and burnt up by the fire. The Messrs. McLeish, we hear, have also lost a few head of cattle. Many a resident who left his block to assist his neighbours found that, later on, his own holding was sacrificed to the flames. Those living ten to fifteen miles away fromthe places where the fires started early in the afternoon little dreamt that by the evening they too would be burnt out. When the wind changed the fire came along with appalling swiftness, and the first intimation of near danger was the dense, choking atmosphere of blinding smoke. One of the most awe-inspiring sights was witnessed by the residents of Mur rindindi, where the gale lifted sheets of fire hundreds of feet in the air, and carried them along to light in holdings miles away. Across the flats and around the homesteads of -Messrs. O'Connor the fire was very severe, and they have suffered a loss of some 600 sheep. The conflagration raged across the creek and the holdings of Messrs. Pulford, Rogers, Lang, and others suffered to a considerable extent. The piles of the long railway-bridge caught fire, but the flames were luckily sub dued. Of other losses of stock we heard of Mr. Ahearn lost 90 sheep out of a small flock; Mr. H. J. Clarke, 280 sheep; Mr. E. S. Purcell, a few pod dies; Mr. C. . McKenzie, about 130 sheep, and other losses by various ow ners. Mr. J. W. Johnston had a lot of material on the ground at the Race course, to be used in the erection of a stewards room, jockeys' room, etc., and this was fortunately saved from destruction. Some very distressing scenes may be seen where the fire has passed. 'In several places at Murrindindi large lots of sheep may be seen burnt and scorched to death, and a gentleman ob served an unfortunate pony, which had been terribly burnt, dragging itself along, and scarcely able to stand. Up the Ti-tree the fire was of excep tional severity. Hills which previously had been covered with scrub and trees are now nothing but blackened mounds of dust and cinders. Throughout the entire district for miles no fencing has been left standing, and a lot of the stock that had been turned out on the roads by their owners for safety are wandering at will throughout the country. Great difficulty will be ex perienced in mustering the stock, and dairying throughout the affected area has been practically blotted out for the time being. This will be felt by the Yea Dairy Company, whose operations by the terrible loss which has befallen the district. From a spectator's point of view the view of the blazing hill tops was indescribably grand, and the sight of large fragments being driven by an almost hurricane wind hundreds of yards in advance of the flames will long be remembered. Later in the evening the lurid glare from thousands of burning trees over miles upon miiles ; of country was grand but fearful, and the residents passed a night of dread as to what the morrow would bring forth. About midnight good drenching shower of rain fell, and the following day turned out nice and cool, and gave the workers an opportunity of retarding the fire's progress. Taking everything into consideration the residents are to be congratulated that no great loss of house property occurred, but the escapes, in many in stances, are almost providential. Of the many who have suffered serious loss by the fire are Messrs. J. and W. Drysdale, Francis, Baird, Hamilton Bros., Purvis, Thompson, Sanders. E. S. Purcell, T. Purcell, Rattray, Tolmie, Bett, Borrie, Ferguson, Clarke, Smith, Tyrer, Morrissey, Hume, Cannon, Tyson, M'Kay, Ker, Picard, Ahern, Quinlan, McLeish, O'Connor, Rogers, Pulford, Lang, ,Cahill, Gemmell, Dig nam, Sier, Williamson, McKenzie, and many others. Mr. Rattray lost a small house, and also his woolshed. It is impossible to state the exact amount of damage, as the area over which the fire has swept is estimated, by a gentle man who knows the country well and has been over the burnt ground since the fire, to be no less than 200 square miles. The large bush-fire that has been burning in the Strath Creek district has also been of a very serious charac ter, and on Thursday the residence of Mr. M. Cunningham, at Flowerdale, with all its contents, was burnt to the ground. This fire joined the one we have recorded above, and the losses sustained by owners have been very severe. On Saturday Mr. J. O'Callaghan, president of the Shire, received the following message: '" Most sincere regret at grevions losses suffered by your people of the Shire. Beg you and they will accept my hearty sympathy." JOHN MADDEN, Lieutenant-Governor. President O'Callaghan forwarded the following reply : "The residents highly appreciate the kind feeling expressed by your Excellency on the calamity that has befallen this district, and I thank you most sincerely on their behalf" The Hon. W. Knox sent the follow ing telegram :-" Greatly concerned news disastrous losses by many friends. Can I be of any service anyway." Mr. Jas. S. Sharland, the Shire En gineer, has just returned from a tour of inspection of the area devastated by the file, and reports that the fire has been of a very grave nature, and of the most disastrous consequences to the district. An extent of about 200 square miles of country has been laid waste, through the best grazing land in the Shire lying to the south of the river finds that graziers have lost many miles of fencing, and the coun try is open for miles. Several bridges and culverts have been burnt on the Whittlesea, Yarra Glen, Ti-tree, Race course, and Dairy Creek roads. Steps have been taken at once to make tem porary bridges and crossings, and to remove trees which have fallen across the roads. Had it not been for the promptness of the residents in several cases three or four more bridges would have been destroyed. 