VICTORIA. MELBOURNE. Dec. 26. SA peculiar, fatality occurred on the giver Yarra this afternoon. A. youth named .Robert Mair, employed as mes senger in the "Age".office, while.,boat-] ing up the river with a companion,sud denly.loosed his grin of.an oar and 'fell overboard and ne-er.tose to the surface. The body was .subsequently recovered. ti's,surnised.that Mair had a fit, or was Overcome by the. sun.. "Monday-ras only a partial holiday. in Melbourne. iTlhe public offices, .banks, and . large commercial. holuses were qJpsed, but the city shops carried ..on business as usial. At night large crowds thionged- the principal streets.. :. . Wiljia .airbridge.age:d . 22, -engi neertng dtti ent, was,. draownaed.. in,? the. Pomborneit, near Colac, o-,n Monday, while duck. shooting.. Death. was,.due to the capsizing of Fairbridge's boat. The steamer MirairQ. which, arrived on ,M.tday, reports.,si.liti h?. igantic icebergs, about zooft.. high,., in latitude ?gcde. 52inth souiith, and :long4tude 20 eg..,eapt, a fortnight -aftg. her.>depar ture from the Cade for Aiustralia. Mr. G. S. Perrin, .Conservator of For ests, died spoaewhat .suddenly at .Bal larat yesterday, 'whither e' had gone in connectioni with the timber display at the Australian Exhibition. . The cause of death was stoppage of the bowels. Severe -bush-fires haie been raging in the Horsham district to-day, and large qiuantities of grass and fencing hate been destroyed. Acres of wheat crops were also swept away. But. for the exertions of some -oo people; who fought the fames all day, terrible de vastatidn 'would have been wrought A "young man named Thos. Sayers, while competing in a tub race at the fire brigade sports at Cherry Tree Flat, Bendigo, yesterday, fell into tdi water and Was drowned. MELBOURNE, Dec. 27 . Thomas Carriggs, caretaker of the Buninyong racecourse, committed sui- cide in a determined manner this morning. He sat on a chair, and placed the barrel of a gun in his mouth, with a strap attached to the trigger. This he pulled with his foot, and the explosion blew off a portion of Car- rigg's face and the top of his head. -It is otated here that tie War Office requires xo,ooo tons of hay,; -f which offers for ipooo tons have been accepted on account o'f Melbourne firms. The steamer Victoriain, .which has cleared.'out for South African .ports, takes a very extensive cargo6 of 6atf, fodder, . flour, jams, and preserved meats,t constituing: tihe largest coin posite cargo ef produce which lis yet left' here-for South Africa. ' Milss Baitie, lady-help, living at Castlemaine, died in a. dental surgery this evening- whilst takirg chloroform for the extraction of .a tooth. A serious bush fire raged yesterday at Ardara, near Ararat, and many farm ers' lost their crops, only saving their stock and homesteads after a desperate struggle. To-day the wind rose, and the ire broke out afresh, and has now assumed great proportions. 