A TOUR IN THE RIVERINA \--------<>-------- FROM BERRIGAN TO COROWA. (BY OUR SPECIAL REPORTER.) BERRIGAN since my last visit has considerably im- proved. This town has not suffered to nearly the same extent as others in the south- west, for the reason that the soil is of clayey nature, and retains the moisture better. This year the crops were very good, and had they got rain in October — well, they would not have known where to put all the wheat. As it was, there must have been at the time of my visit 150,000 bags stacked at the Berri- gan station, and it was said there was nearly as much more to come. The railway has come here, and has gone on to Finley, now the terminus ; and yet the grass is not growing in the main street of Berri- gan, an eventuality which must, according to the pessimistic section, follow upon a terminus pass- ing on to another place. On the contrary, Berrigan has advanced, and Finley did not strike me as being the Chicago of the south west by any means. A good little town certainly, with plenty of dust about, an uncontrollable thirst, and a go-as-you please train service. No one seems to be able to tell you what time the train will start, for the simple reason that they do not know. They remind one of Jerome K. Jerome's German trains. A porter comes up to the stationmaster : " Strange train in the station, sir ! " " Where did it come from ? " " I don't know ; I don't think it knows itself." " Oh, well, let it stay here to-night, and it can go away in the morning." However, I think I am somewhat off the track. I was trying to show that Berrigan was a thiving place, and so it is and to it will be. The farming area around has increased consideraby since I was here before. " Nangunia " station was bought by a syndicite of the Gormans and Dwyers, and cut up into farms. Other places, too. have been thrown open, and are about to be thrown open. And altogether the prospects of Berrigan are very bright indeed. Now with regard to the improvements. Father Henneesy, before he left on his trip home, built one of the finest presbyteries in the diocese and had he stayed here would undoubtedly have built a new church, which is badly wanted ; but I expect Fr. Fogarty and his energetic and earnest assistant, Father Cahill, will keep pace in spiritual matters with the material progress of Berrigan. A new School of Arts has also been erected, with a fine hall and stage, the floor being specially laid down for dancing. Business places too have been erected, and the irrepressible Dan Corcoran is making extensive additions to his hotel. Dan and his family are very popular, and are making money here. M'Grady, too, of the Royal, another good Irishman, is doing well. Berrigan has an institution which most towns have not got, and that is a Bush- fire Brigade, equipped with everything for coping with bush fires, which take place in the Riverina every year, and I hear they have done good work. " Andy " M'Guigan is still in Berrigan and is still the leading blacksmith and coach and buggy builder. He is a popular and good townsman, and in church matters is the priests' right hand. I was nearly forgetting to mention that amongst the im- provements there is a new post office going up, be- sides a number of private dwellings. Our old and esteemed friend, Mr. O'Shaughnessy, has brought his family into town to reside. Mr. O'Shaughnessy is one of the shrewdest men in the district, and if he goes on in the way he is going he will run a big risk of becoming a second " Jimmy Tyson " — I mean of Corowa — in the matter of acquiring property. He never loses on a deal. Tocumwal I must leave for a special little border article, and I was very sorry indeed that I could not visit Deniliquin this time, as I know we have some sturdy supporters there, but having met the reverend pastor of that parish coming to Sydney as I was proceeding to Deniliquin, I decided to post- pone my visit to a future date. Chanter and Ashton were in the field as candidates for the House of Re- presentatives at the time of my visit, and while recognizing that the fiscal issue should never have been raised at the present juncture, I advised all pro- tectionists, as the gauntlet had been thrown down, to do their best for the cause. This they have done in this electorate, and done well. I might remark en passant that the Freetraders claim a great victory at the elections just concluded. But it was not a vic- tory of Freetrade over Protection. The only hope the Freetraders had was to turn the electors of New South Wales against Victoria, and this they did from George Reid downwards, or upwards. Every man-jack of them did his utmost to show that under Protection, Victoria was going to perdi- tion and N S.W. was going ahead by leaps and bounds. But then while bragging about the pros- perity of the latter colony and Victoria's insignifi- cance they told the electors that Victoria was going to rob them under Federation and take everything from them. What a confession of measliness and how contemptible and little-minded the rest of Aus- tralia must think our alleged politicians — Reid, Gould, Norton, Pulsford, Bruce Smith, and all the others — to try and get votes by setting one colony against the other. However, it is to be hoped that the Protectionist party will rouse from its lethargy next time and show what is really the Protection- ist strength in N.S.W. This time a little more than half the total number of votes were polled, and I venture to say that two-thirds of the remainder were Protectionist votes. The Freetraders take care that they do not lose many votes. But revenons a nos moutons. Where was I ? I think about to leave Berrigan. I proceeded out amongst the Dwyers and the O'Gormans. Here all these families, and their name is legion, I found had prospered much since my last visit, All have most beautiful and com- fortable homesteads, with nice gardens, characteris- tic of the Victorian settler. Most of the inmates, however, were away taking their annual trip to Melbourne. I found, however, Mr. Edward and Mr. William Dwyer at their respective homes, and was indeed pleased to see that despite the bad sea- son they have gone on improving and adding to their places. I also called on Mr. Cahill, of Mor- nalong, but unfortunately he was away at the time in Melbourne. However, I could see that Mr. Cahill has a large amount of first-class agricultural land under crop, besides a good area of grazing land, and on the whole is prospering. Having subsequently met Mr. Cahill at Savernake as he was returning from his trip, and finding him the most genial of men, I more than ever regretted that he was not at home when I visited his place. We had to spend the night at Savernake, or rather portion of the night, for we were roused up at 4 in the morning. Think of it, gentle reader : just as you are enjoying a good sleep the wretched driver of the coach knocks at your door, and tells you the coach will be starting in a few minutes, and then we have to travel first in the dark and then in the grey morning with nothing to relieve the '' monopoly," as the old woman said, but a few bunnies jumping up in front of the coach and scampering across the paddocks. Four hours after starting, however, we came to a station homestead, and the coach stops at the men's hut, where a big, burly Scotch native, with smiling, kindhearted face, greets us, and straight away cooks chops for us and makes us a cup of tea. Never since I was on the top of Kosciusko, where we were in a chronic state of ravenous hunger, did I await with such joy the advent of that cup of tea, or listen with such pleasure to the frizzling chop, or inhale such pleasant odours as came from that frying pan. Some day I'll meet " Donald " in Sydney, perhaps, and I will regale him in style. At about ten o'clcck we reach Mr. Tom O'Regan's. and, of course, they would not let me pass, so I had to get down bag and baggage. Mr. O'Regan, besides adding considerably to his already large area, has made great im- provements since my visit six years ago, He has built a couple of rooms on the homestead, has pur- chased a couple of selections close by so as to con- solidate his property, and has now one of the most valuable and compact estates for the size in the Corowa district. Mr. O'Regan this year had with his own and on the " shares " system over a thousand acres of wheat in, and as he stands be- hind a good bank balance he can hold his wheat, and has all the sheds stored from floor to ceiling. " Tom " does not hide the fact that what he has got he has worked for. He is bringing his family up well. One of the boys has been away to college in Sydney, and one of the girls is at the Albury Convent, a governess being engaged to look after the remainder at home. Mr. O'Regan has for some years been an active member of the Stock Board and the Corowa Agricultural Society, but in- tends to take things easy for the future. I also paid a visit to Mr. O'Regan, nephew of Mr. J. O'Regan, who with his mother was away in Vic- toria for some time, but are now back again on their farms They have a very nice property, and as young O'Regan is a splendid type of an Aus- tralian, I feel sure that he will get along well. Going further along on my way to Corowa I called on the Monahans. Poor old Monahan has gone since my visit, and I missed his kindly face. A big- hearted and sympathetic man he was, too good hearted, indeed, in many respects, " Mick " is now in charge, and I feel sure that when they curtail their large holdings and sell a very nice pro- perty they have in Narrabri, they will be amongst the most prosperous. I found them all looking well here, and I trust that prosperous times are in store for all these good and hospitable people who made my trip so pleasant on the last occasion on which I visited the district. I will now bring this to a close, and will in my next deal with Tocumwal, along the border to Corowa.....................KILLEEVY. 