CLOSER SETTLEMENT BILL. This Bill, which passed through com mittee last week, is generally getting tho support of all classes in the Assembly. The clauses of the Bill were generally accepted with few modifications or amendments. mo general desire ap parently with the majority of the mem bers is to sec the bill- become law. Clausos 4 and '5 evoked some discus sion. These clauses relate to the value of the proposed resumptions. The first named (report of Land Board) in the first sub-section provides that an inquiry should be made regarding the valcio of the land as shown by the books of the Commissioners of Taxation. One. of the members asked if this was to- bo taken in a literal sense, because it was generally acknowledged that so far as the operation of the land tax- was con cerned, land had often been wilfully undervalued for taxation purposes. Tho succeeding clause was amended to read — Provided that tho unimproved value of the said- land' shall not exceed the value as shown by the books of tho. Commis sioners of Taxation, with 10 per cent, added. This was accepted by the Minister after a. long discussion. The Hon. member for Cobar was particularly strong in his denunciations. Ho sai l in the course of his ppeech why should' we concern tor the landlords who Lave been cheating tho people of tho country by not paying taxes honestly due to the Government, and sending in false re turns as to the value of their land. If their sworn returns were incorrect that was their fault, and they should pay the piper for it. It would seem thcreforo from the above that land wanted by tho Crown for Closer Settlement purposes may be resumed at tho valuation fixed by the owners with the Commissioner of Taxation, plus 10 per cent. tOf course in many cases landowners have two valuations for their holdings — one where it is valued for taxation purposes, and one where it is valued for sale. The' land resumed is to let out in farms on lease only under certain conditions. We would remind horscowners, that nom inations for all the handicaps in the Conargo J. C. Races on Boxing Day, close on Monday next, 2nd December. Nominations for the Touumwal handicaps close on Saturday, 21st December. Bank of New South Wales. — The Bank of New Sonth Wales held its half yearly meeting on Friday last when the usual dividend at the rate of 10 per cent, per annum was declared, and £20,000 was added to the reserve fund, which was thus raised to £1,270,000, a balance of £11,513 bein^ carried forward.' The president, Mr. O. K, M'Kellar, M.L.C., in moving the adoption of the board's report, said that the operations of the bank during the past half-year had been very satisfactory. The decrease of deposits by £-130,000 was entirely due to the fluctua tions in the Government balances held by the bank, the deposits from the. public show ing, in, fact, a 3liuht increase. Bills .payable an ! other liabilities were less by £150,000 (due to normal fluctuations) ; coin and oash balances less by £740,000 (caused by expan of advance business), and British and colon -al securities higher by £30Q,000.' The liquid assets totalled £7,000,000, a reduction of some £900,000. Advances to customers showed an. increase of £035,000. The chair man expressed the opinion that if the recom mendations of the royal commission on the western.divisioa of Now South Wales were carried, out much relief and encouragement would be given to pastorallsts of that district. The amount of advances on the Western division, as compared with the general business of the bank, was. very 6Biall, and not calculated to give the slighest anxioty. The report and balance sheet were adopted.: Mr. W. A,. Cotter was. elected director.. . Mb. J. J. Milleb,. secretary of the- Pas- toral and Agricultural Societies' Union,, has received a letter from- the UnderSecre tary for-Mines and Agriculture, acknowledg ing receipt of his letter of the 5th inBt., in regard to matters on which the council inler viewed the Minister recently. Mr., K)dd regrets that Iib is unable to. grant free railway passes to judges and others in connection with shows, owing to the neces sity for the exercise of strict economy. He fears pressure of business will not allow of a bill being passed this session to enable societies to mortgage their show grouods.and improvements, but ho will ha.ve a bill.drafted during the recess,. Wade's. Worm Figs are- most effective. Children thrive after taking them. Price Is During a trespass case out Walgett way (says the Times ) a station- overseer went into the box aud swore -that he could iden tify by its face, at a glance,- any ouo of. his mob of about 10;000 sheep. But even, this is no taller than a bit of evidence once given in the Forbes court. A station manager giving his evidence affirmed that lie was able to count sheep at the rate of 40,000 an hour. A meeting of the committee of the Caledonian Society was held on Wednesday evening last. Present — Messrs. Mahoney (chair), Thorburn, Butler, Woods. Tevelein, Slieldrick, Bracken and Elliott. The minutes of the last meeting were read and confirmed. Correspondence was read and received. Re selling booths. — Mr. Tevelein moved, Mr. Butler seconded, that Messrs. K. Thorburn & Co. be requested to sell the publican's booth, fruit and refreshment stalls by public auction on Saturday, 7th December.—/ Carried. Tho Art Union list was read and adopted. Rc Art Union tickets. — -Mr.' Woods moved, Mr. Sheldrielc seconded, that 2.000 Art Union tickets be printed in book' form. — Carried. Mr. Tevelein reported that they had fixed up the frame for the booths.. Tho work was substantial and would last for years, and the cost would not exceed 35s. A vote of thanks was passed to the gentlemen who had given their services in completing this work. Bicycle track. — AfLer discussion regar lins; the watering anil repairs of same, it was, on the motion of Mr. Elliott, seconded by Mr. Tevelein, carried that Mr. Wise be asked for the loan of his path roller to be used in lovelling track. Clearing off grass.— It was after discussion, decided to ask the Council to allow the committee to burn off that portion of tho park on the northern side around the shed on some calm uight. In event of the Council agreeing, tho com mittee would «et a full muster of membo.vJ there to watch tho tiro and prevent it from injuring any of the young trees. The meeting then terminated. A VERY REMARKABLE REMEDY. It is witli a good deal of pleasure and satisfaction that I recommend Chamberlain's Colic, Cholera and Diurrhcoa Remedy,' says Drugjist A. W. Sawtclle, of Hartford, Conn, 'A ladv customer, soeing the remedy ex posed for sale on my show case, said to me : 1 I really believe that medicine saved my life the past, summer while at the shore.' and she became so enthusiastic over its mrjits that I at line'' made up my mind to recommend it in t.liii ruture. Uejently a gentleman cuine into my stole so overcome with colio pains that-, he-satix. at once to the door. I gave hiuija' dose '.if .this remedy which helped him I'iicpe.iteil t.h.u;d so and ill fifteen uii iutes he ? left^iliy sto'v « iV: I i ii j Iv in 'oruiiii.v iuc tb.it ?h--- (nit: 'H ?-??! I . -i -» ever,'' Sold by W, \, otlilv, Jfc.i' v-u, ' TlTE Ho w wheat is beginning to come in slowly, but it is, according to report, lather on the green side yet. A few days like what we had in the early part of the week should be sullicieut to ripen if. The yields, wo- hear, are exec ding what wa-i aht - uiputeo. From i he north are now being harvested from four to five b.i»s to the acre. The quality of. the grain is far superior to wliaL has been got during the last four or live years. We re'.'ret to state that Mrs. Hancock, wife of Mr. Hancock of this town, who lias been ill for the past three or four weeks, still continues in a low state. The greatest sympathy id felt for the poor sufferer, who is confined to lier bed dnriii!; this most trying weather, and it is generally hoped b!io will soon, be restore:! to her usual good health. BEWARE OF A COUGH. A cough- is not a, disease but a symptom. Consumption and bronchitis, which are the most dangerous and fatal diseases, have for their first indication a persistent cough, and if properly treated as soon as this cough appears arc easily cured. Chamberlain's Cough Remedy has proven wonderfully suc cessful, and gained its wide reputation and extensive sale by its success' in curing the diseases which cause coughing. If it is not beneficial it will not cost you a cenl- For sale by W. & A.. Steele, Jerilderio In our last we mentioned where the Hon. Rupert Carrington was in need of 150 men forsecvico in South Africa. Aa that gentle man. is well known in. this district we thought there would be little or no difficulty in raising the number needed for the Bix months' service. Thero are some bushmen who have served: their 12 months and re turned in the pink of condition. Surely some of these might see their way to take another trip for the half-year. We hear that a district gentleman was at the Hub the other day using his persuasive powers to get some of the returned to try S.A. onco again. We could name 20 men around here who would make excellent soldiers, and we fully believo the trip would not only be beneficial to tliem but the experience they would gain would be tho making of them. One wag here in course of. conversation suggests that a requisition be got up asking a certain public body to. volunteer. He added, ' they are good- fighters amongst themselveB, and might be brought together in a. contest with De Wet,' They might I but we doubt it, x-itisajiiL'r.iiitiA-tujuuKOH. — in 01 ic worsnip . will (D.V.) be held at Middle Park, Broome, on Sunday next, at 11. a.m., and in the Church, Argoon, at 3 p.m.. On next Sunday week, 8th prox., in the Church, Jerilderie, morning and evening. The saoriment of the Lord's Supper at the- close of morning Service. Yo0 can depend on ridding* children of Worms with Wade's Worm Figs., Price Is. AT a meeting of the local magistrates on Tuesday last, the 28th inst., at which were were present: Messrs. A. C. Robinson (chair), Steele, Brownless, Wise, Rochfort and Elliott, J's P., ^district auctioneer's licenses were granted to K. Thorbnrn and W. Elliott, and hawker's lioenses were granted to Mar Bush, Basant Singh, Turnn Singh, Lanna Kino. linm Small nnri .T„llnh Smr,l, The contractors are making good progress with the much needed repairs to the Jeril derie Courthouse, but expect to be fully a fortnight before the job is completed. On Friday afternoon last, a fire broke out in Mr. Ben. Robinson's paddock, near this town, but before it had time to spread to any extent, several townspeople were at scene and promptly extinguished it. A report from Wonnamurra has been received of the outbreak of a bush fire on the border of that run and Mr. T. P. Cahill's selection. The station hands and neighbors were speedily at .the scene and succeeded in getting it under control in a Bhort time. The station men on their return journey to the homestead in the waggonette, had a bolt. All the fire-beaters reached terra Jirma safely from the runaways except Mr. Clark, who stuck to the vehicle to the last. Seeing no hope of getting the horses under control, ho followed his com panions' example by jumping from the vehicle, but severely sprained his ankle in the attempt. Returning to bushfires. — We mentione'J in one of our issues a few weeks ago, that the stations would do well, es pecially Wonnamurra aud Yanko, to send in, say, half-a-dozen or so fire-beaters each, to be left in charge of the Council .it the fire station for the use of volunteers in easo of an outbreak on either of these runs; it might be the means of (saving some thousands of acres of grass. In fact, even North Yathong might also send in a few, for we are quite certain that in the event of a bush fire on that riin, there would be a score of volunteer here willing to go out to battle with it. We would strongly urge these stations to consider theso suggestions. DBKTIsry.-^Mr. J. H. Quist, R.D.S., will revisit Jerilderie and may be consulted at Egan's Royal Mail Hotol on Wednesday, 4th DEC. Artificial Teeth at Sydney prices. Painless extractions gnaranted. Teeth filled, cleaned,, ami sealed. Mr. Quist lias been established in. the district for npwards of eight years,. and therefore patients can rely on getting every, satisfaction. Patients are requested -to inquire for Mr. Quist by name when calline to see him. Please note that tho original date of visit — viz., the first Wednesday 111 each, month — has been re sumed; and will: be adhered to.. WE-have bien requested by Messrs. 13. J. Gorman & Co., to, announce to. the public, that their stock sale which was advertised to be held at tho Albion sale yards, has been postponed owing, to, some of tho horses hav ing strayed. GeraIiD'9 Dramatic Company. — Our readers will notice in our advertising columns that this company, headed by Mr, Maurice Gerald, will appear on Tuesday next, in the Assembly Hall, producing ' Under the Brit ish Flag. The company brltitr with them an excellent reputation.. Mr. Gerald: is spoken of as a comedian of great excellence, and Miss Alice Rede,. the leading lady, has been ? recognised by the press and public as one of 'the best emotional actresses, on the Austra lian stage : and the various members of tbc company are also accorded their share of approbation. ' Under the British Flag' is a patriotic sensational drama with, varying shades of humor and pathos, and in the capable hands of the company will without doubt prove acceptable to our thoatrc-going members. Tho production will be assisted by suitable- scenery, and wo an.tioipate a good house to. welcome the Gerald Dramutio Com nan v. Fob Chronic Chest Complaints, Wood's Great Peppermiut Cure, Is. 6d. Caution to Cabtbrs. — A carter removod sand from the sides of a road known as O'Sullivan's Road, thus interfering with tho drainage, and when the district foreman remonstrated with bim he- became abusive and defied the Government. Upon tho mat ter being reported- to the head office, the papers wero forwarded to the Polioe Depart ment with a request that action might be taken. At Deniliquin on the 11th inst,. the carter was proceeded against by the pollco for wilfully damaging O'Sullivan's Road, and was fined £5 with 4s lOd costs of court and 5s witness's expenses. The state of the rivers this morning (Fri day) is as follows : — Murrumbidgee. — Gun- dag^i, 3ft, falling; Wagga, 4ft 2in, falling ; Naraudcra, lift, falling. Murray. — Albury,. 2ft lOin ; Tocumwal, 6ft 8in. Authentic Medical Opinions Worth Knowing. — Mr. Osborne says : I use SANDER & SONS' EUCALYPTI EX TRACT as spray for nasal catarrh, low fever, asthma, ic. with great success. I find this peparatiou superior to all others. Dr. Stahl : ' I have used various preparations of Euialvptua but I get bettor results from SANDER k SONS' EUCALYPTI EX TRACT than from any other.' Dr. Preston; ' I never uso any Eucalyptus preparation othor than SANDER 4: SONS' as I found the others to be almost useless.' Dr. Hart : 'It goes without saying that SANDER 4: SONS* EUCALYPTI EXTRACT is the best in the market.' In influenza, all fevers, throat and lung trouble, diptheria, diarrhoea, dysontry, kidney complaints, rheumatism, wounds, sprains, ulcers, fee., it is invaluable. Sea tbnt you get SANDER & SONS', and reject spurious preparations, which are some* tixufl a'jpplisd by unscrupulous dealers. The weather since our last luis on the H whole been favorable- for harvesting opera . H tions. During th t early part of ih ? week — Sunday and Mon lay— it was sultrv, but since thou it has beery all that, could 'be. de sired for ripening the crops. There are a few loads of grain arriving, but in. a week or so it is expected the wheat will be coming in from all sides. According to o;ir wires this morn ing the new wheat is bringing up to 2* 8J.I per bushel in Sydney for prime samples. The grasshoppers liavu not reached- hero in vimv largo unmb.:rs as yet, although it is H said tliey have cleared some of the gardens B off around us. It is reported they are dying in thousands out north, which, if true, is good news for those who have so far. escaped from their visit. The following tenderers for mail contracts' hav.e been successful Jerildeiie to Darling ton Point, via Argoon and Wilton, Herbert? Tiffin, £110 per annum ; from Finley to Di-uiliquiii, via Pine Hills, James Robinson,. £09 per annum ; from Wilson to Boorooban, II. J. Porter, £107 per annum; from Dar lington Point to Hay, south side of river,, Samuel Jones, £225 per annum-. Remember I, A. J. Merrington, M.P.S.r I for Medicine, Teeth, and Spectacles. I Mb. Sii.cox, the Inspector of Conditional: 1 Purchases and Crown ler.sos is again in this Q district, inspecting the holdings to see that B the various conditions, as required by the: [ Land Act, are carried out. We are pleased' I to see that Mr. Silcox has thoroughly re— I covered from. his accident,. A wire was received at' this office yester day afternoon that the Minister for Laiids. had decided to waive forfeiture in the casi of A. W. Sleeman's homestead' selection on South Coree. Tho news has' been received Here with general satisfaction. The Council now has the maintenance man busy filling the bags witb. earth- at the overshot dam, but so far the stream is run ning too otrongly over the dfim to attempt. to- stop it yet. Those down stream from this town should bo also ready to impound anr extra supply when tho stream begins, to. slacken off. The contractor for the con struction of the dam for. the Trustees of the ? Recreation Reserve io-making rapid progress -with-his work. Wo hear that the Trustees purpose constructing a coffer dam across the: stream in the co-irse of a week or so, for tho ? purpose of impounding a supply for the: coming summer along the strip frontage before the stream ceases to flow. A SPRAINED ANKLE QUICKLY' CURED. 'At one time I suffered from a severe sprain of the ankle,' says Geo. E. Cary,. editor of the GUMe, Washington, Vn. ' After - using several well recommended medicines^ without success, I tried -Chamberlain's Pain Balm,. and am.pleased to say that relief came as soon as 1 began its use and a complete? cure speedily followed. This remedy has also been used in my family for frost bitten, feet witli the best results.. I. cheerfully re commend its use to all who may need a first-, class liniment.' Sold by W, &.A. Steele' ? , Jerilderie. 