TO CORRESPONDENTS. 'J.B.N.,' Maclaren Vale.— Frederick Sleigh Roberts. 'Frederick Harris.' Napperby. — Ordi- narily you would not be responsible. 'An Employe,' Angastpn.— If there were money available for distribution you -eould obtain yours, but not otherwise. 'A Widow.' — You may do so, but you should notify 'tlie Brands Office of the late owner's d.eatli and of your desire to use the brand. 'Anxious,' Broken Hill.— 1. Tie parties ought- to abide by the terms of the deed, which probably provides for- maintenance. 2\. Yea, she could. 'Enquirer,' Broken Hill. — It is legal; in South Australia it would cost £3 10/ if by special license, or 13/6. if 14. days' notice were given. 'Enquirer.' — She cannot; it may consti tute desertion, which, if continued for two years and coupled with adultery, would af ford grounds for divorce. 'H. JV Webb,' Mannum. — 1. Tie primary certificates will not 'be distributed for at least a fortnight from now. . 2. The subjects in 'die teachers' provisional examination are:— Reading, spelling, composition, arith-' metic, geography, grammar, and Mstory. 3. Cannot say. . . 'Crawford Vaughan' say9 'tlie masses, at least, are rightly convinced that all tariffs are bad,' and he quotes the opinion of an American writer to the effect that revenue duties, being to a greater extent public taxes, are leea objectionable than protective duties, -which the nearer they ap proach perfection,, the more they operate for private advantage. He concludes by objecting to tfoe Exemption from Federal taxation of £337,325,000 of land values. 'J. K. Osborn,' Unley-road, -states that the workers are generally dissatisfied with the tariff, ng-iitJy regarding a nee in tne price of provisions as equivalent to a reduc tion m wages. Many intelligent workers agree rihat protection against outside com petition is necessary if we wish to become si manufacturing nation, buc New South Wales, with her natural advantages, will, under -bhe new tariff, be the industrial cencre of the Commonwealth. People will go to that State from Souch Australia in order to obtain employment, and here de pression will result. 'If our Federal guictes could be induced to impose a tax on land values— say 4d. or Sd. in the pound — it would creaxe general activity, and meet ne cessary requirements.' 'H.W,'' Petersburg. — The license was kiiued on May 3, 1897. 'Truth,' Port Pirie, -writes:— 'There are plenty of men out of employment here ?without bringing more into the place.' 'Jas. Nicholson,' Jamestown. — The lJort Adelaide railway was opened on April 21, 1856. 'A.R.,' Sto-ckport. — It is compulsory to do manual work of some useful kind, -iud if the manual work arranged by the teacher is 'fancy work' it should be done. ?'Gepp'6 Cross.' — 1. The 'new' expendi ture in connection .with. Commonwealth Go vernment will be approximately an average of 1/5 per inhabitant of Australia. 2. The duty on sugar prior to the new tariff in this State was 3/ per cwt.; under the flew tariff it: is 6/ per cwt. . 'Edward Hindas' condemns the Federal tariff, because it has raised the price of tlie necessaries o£ lite, and he urges that the fairest impost would be a land ws. He states that Adelaide is a dumping ground for tea which is refused .a lanJina in other States, 'John Jennings, Sen.,' writes: — 'Uiider the Federal tariff fruit and vegetables paj- 2/ per cental. Under the old tariff fruit paid 1/ per bushel. ' The Californians can now got 2| 'bushels of apples or pears in for the price they previously paid oa two bushels. The citrus growers sliou.d look to their interests 3f the same conditions apply to oranges, and lemons from Italy and the South Sea Islands. The latter be ing packed by the natives can be so'd espe cially cheap, as can all other South. Sea fruits.' 'John Boundy, Mandurang, Victoria.— The following is an extract from 'Early Experiences in South Australia.' by J. B. Bull: — 'Air. Tolmer claims to na.ve, in an official letter, suggested to the Governor tbe scheme of an overland gold escort. : After a delay of a few days lie wae £ent for, and met his Excellency, the Colonial- S;cre*a.ry (B. T. Finniss), and Sir R. Hanson (Attor ney-General). After this interview In spector Tolmer was instructed to 'draw off certain troopers from out-stations and make a start with these men, and a strong spring cart, horses, and a driver. The start was made on February 10, 1852. The party reached the diggings at Forest Creek m eight days, tlie distance being estimated to be 338 miles. The escort party was raet by the Adelaide diggers most warmly. The gold wau received in a tent lent for Ihe oc casion, which was used by 'its owner as a druggist's shop. A great crowed was in waiting before the hour at which it wae announced gold would be received. Dr. W. Gosse and Mr. Oarieton assisted the Commissioner (as Air. Tolmer now was) for South Australia, The work1 of receiv ing the small paiv^-k of gold, weighing, seal ing, and ticketing the same, with furnish ing receipts, was continued till dusk, when the bulk was conveyed, under police escort, to tlie Commissioner's camp. The amount of gold brought to Adelaide by thiu first escort, in money and . gold dust, was .£21,000, deposited by 318 persone.' . 'Constani Reader.'— He could .not do so. 'Petersburg,' Oodla Wirra.— You must take out letters of administration. 'F.L.'— 1. The Duke of Cambridge was born in 1819. 2. He became a colonel in the British army in 1837. 3. He was first cousin to the late Queen Victoria. 'Enquirer,' Walkerville.— According to the latest statistics tbe number of Jews in the worm is 11,242,665. Over nine mil lions live in Europe. 'T.P.'— The Railway Department in forms us that no record has been kept. The journey between Adelaide and Port Ade laide is covered dn 13 minutes by some of the non-stopping trains, provided for in the current time-table. : 'Nemo,' Hindmarsh.— By agreement with the late Amir, Afghanistan had no foreign relations with other Po.wers except the Government of India. In all other respects 'Afghanistan is independent, and the rule of the Amir despotic. 'Ex 78' notes that there are fewer prisoners in the Adelaide Gaol than there has been for years past, and asks, 'Is this due to good or bad times?' Our corres pondent believes it is the latter, 'as the public have no money to buy drink, the consumption of which is a frequent fore runner of crime.' 'H.S.,' City.— It is said that 32 nails were required to shoe the horse; and that the agreement was that the farrier was to receive a farthing for the first nail, a half penny for the secoad, a penny for the third, and so on, the price for each nail driven being double that which had been paid for the preceding one. According, to this ar rangement the amount the farrier had to receive for shoeing the horse was £4,473,924 5/3|d. 'W.C.' writes that when he gave, his vote for Federation he understood that ma terial benefit wa-s to follow. Too late, he discovers that he has been deceived, and that the only people who derive advantage are the Ministers and other members of the Commonwealth Parliament and the holders of new Government billets under the Federation. Owing to the new tariff 'poor Wapstraw and the laboring classes, who are the backbone of all the States, have to bear the brunt of supporting the happy possessors of the fat billets. 1 sup pose,' adds our correspondent, 'the Fede ral Ministry thought that the breakfast table of the poor was a bit low, and would result in their getting fat and lazy, so tariff blocks were put under the legs to raise the necessaries of life a little higher. By the way, backache pills have also gone up. Already a large number of hands have been dispensed with at Broken Hill, and from all I can hear there is a danger of thousands being thrown out of employment by the closing down ofthe mines. Can the framers of the tariff look at the result of tkeir doing3 without a shudder?' 'Alice Atkanson,' Bodangra. — If you write to a Broken Hill paper you will n*o doubt get the information. 'Wanted to Know,' Murnpeowiei — There are 570 yards in a hundredweight of No. 3 wire, and 810 yards in a like quantity of No. 10 wire. . . . ? 'J.D.C.'— 'Hymettus is tihe name of a mountain in Attica, famous for its honey. 'T. W. Hill.'— Boiling point ie 212 deg. Fahrenheit, 100 deg. Centigrade, 80 deg. Reaumur. 'H. Tremaine,' Smoky Bay— 1. There will be a small 'permanent' force. 2. Communicate with the Permanent Artil lery staff officer of the State to which you desire to go. 'Enquirer,' Price.— 1. Dr. Maxwell states the cost of kanaka labor at 2/4J per day. 2\. From islands in the Western Pacific. According to Dr. Maxwell, they work from 56 to 61J hours per week, or an average of 59J hours. 'Alundalla' urges that tihe strike at Na- 1 lang could have been avoided had local shoarers and slied hands been engaged, and efcates that it was the residents in the vicinity of Bordertown, Wolseiey, and Mun 'dalla who in January last helped to save ; the Nialang homestead and woolshed from a bushfire: 'H. H. Queale,' Green's Plains West, wishes to know who is responsible for the issue of new electoral rolls. He writes:— 'The elections are fast approaching, and., tike period will soon have expired in which persons can register in time; yet country districts Tire kept in ignorance. I have called at various post-offices during the past month and have been unable to get the new roll. Should the elections be in April next the six months' limitation will bar a number of persons exercising .their franchise. I hope steps will be taken at once to give electors time to find out whe ther they are on the roll or not.' 'W.E.j' Leigh's Creek.— Quaerite dili genter et invenietis.' 'Subscriber,' Alount Garabier. — 1. One third _of the estate. 2. It depends upon the terms of the will. 'D.W.W.'— 1. You Ehould approach him in a friendly way and ask him to abate the nuisance; failing this, you could Buej for damages, or in the Supreme Court for an injunction. 2. Contents, 1,360* yards. . 'Quaker Oats,' North Adelaide.— An ad vertisement' giving the results of the 'Quaker Oats competition appears in the present issue. 'Historicus.' — The last occaeion on wfaich torture was resorted to dn England was in 1640, when a glover, named Archer, was put upon the rack for his supposed connection with tlie riotous attack upon Archbishop Laud's palace at Lambeth. The last case of the kind in Scotland occurred 50 years later, when Neville Payne, an English gen tleman, who was supposed to have entered Scotland on a treasonable errand, was put to the torture of the boot and the thumb screws under a warrant signed by William III. 'S.C.H.,' Kensington. — The actual in ventor of the thermometer is not known. The honor of inventing it has been given : to several natural philosophers— to Galileo, \ to Drebbel, to Sanctorio, to Paulo Sarpi, ' and to Robert Fludd. The claims of Ro bert Fludd are more tangible than tihose of 1 Drebbel, Sanctorio, or Sarpi, but the in- ' 6trumenfc invented by Galileo before 1597 seems beet entitled to be considered the precursor of accurate thermometers. All the earlier instruments were air thermo- x scopes, and until the variation of atmos pheric 'pressure was .discovered their use was only deceptive. The great step in ad vance of inventing the alcohol thermometer is aleo due to Galileo, but the date (pro bably 1611 or 1612) is not precisely known. I Edward Halley introduced mercury as- the i liquid for tike instrument in 1680. I '^Curious.' — Two derivations of the ' phrase 'piping- hot' are ghren. According bp one it ie taken from the custom of a ?baker blowing his pine or horn in villages to let- the people know h- ; bread was just drawn, and consequently hot and light. The other explanation ie that tihe r-^ression re- ; fers to the Hiissing or singing noise which ; wa'ter makes when coming to the boil; as hot. as the water which pipes or eings. 'Pro Bono Publico' notes with sadsfac tion the fact that the Treasurer has given notice of a i*iU fof the construction of a harbor in Light'6 Passage, and of a rail way thereto, and congratulates Mr. C. M. Muirhead on his success in arousing pub lic interest in the mattefi 'A Working Man' urges that the worfr ing classes should have no dealings witW Indian and Afghan 'hawkers, who, he says, are fast ruining Australia. If they are not traded witih. 'roey will cease coining here. 'A Working Man' complains tJhajf tihey will work for 2/ or 3/ a week, and that there is a suggestion to make use of them as cheap shearers. He recommends an an-- rnial poll tax of £60. The Indian and Afghane, he asserts, sell only rubbish; tihey take the 'bread out of tihe mouths of work ing people, and they introduce disea«e, .'B.M.D.,' Wallaroo.— 1. The Grange la situated between the Semaphore and Hen-c ley Beach in this Sta'ce, and the Cape to Grange cable will be landed there and join ed to tihe land line. It will also be the station where periodical tests of the sub« marine cable will be taken. 2. The red en sign belongs to merchant ships, and genfc- rally to vessels not belonging to tfie navy: the white ensign belongs exclusively bo tins Royal Navy and the Royal Yacht Squad ron; the blue ensign is borne by the Naval ? Reserve, and also by certain yacht clubs. I A Port Adelaide authority says with refe.- jrence to -the South Australian flag:— 'The J bouth Australian flag was the red ensign with :. the Southern Cross on the fly and two pointers under the Jack. It was never offi cially recognised aa the South Australian flag, .and was never flown at sea; only on ? e.-^The fla8 with the ? aboriginall de picied thereon is the Marine 'Board blue en sign.' 'John George Forster'* thinks tlie Sur veyor-General was .mistaken an . reporting chat the Morambro station was unfit for closer settlement. Our correspondent fur ther contends that £50,000 was not an ex cessive price to aek for the 29,000 acres. Apart from grazing land, about 10,000 acres, there are 19,000 acres well suited for dairy ing, if not perhaps for wheatgrowing, and quite capable of supporting 38 families each of five persons, or 190 persons in all. Each | family could pay the Government 4 per cent, as rent, and. have £100 a year to uve on. The land now employs, except at shearing time, only gome 15 persons, and , the wages for permanent hands and shearers amount yearly to about £1,500 ail told. 'Interested,' Auburn.— 1. To pickle beetroot, wash the roots free from dirt, and be very care, fui not to prick the outside Ekin, or they will lose tlieir beautiful color. Pat them into boiling water; let them simmer gently, and when about three parts done, which will be in about an hour and a hair, take them out, and let them cool. Provide sufficient vinegar to cover ihe beets, and allow 2 oz. of whole pepper and 2 oz. of -allspice to each gallon of vinegar. Boil tne vinegar with the pepper and allspice for 10 'minutes; and when cold pour it on the beets, which must be peeled and cut into slices about half an inch thick. Cover with 'bladder to exclude the air, and in a week the pickle will be fit to use. 2.dTo. pickle cauli flower, break ofi tbe eiuliflovfer'Hh stalks, and place them in salt and water (Eay i teacupful of salt in a bucket of water), and let them lie tot '24 hours. Drain, wipe dry, and let stand for two or Hiree 'hours. Put into a jar and' cover with . boiling vinegar, in vrtiich spice, according to your taste, lias been boiled. Put bladder ^Ver, and tie down. ? In three or four days pour ofE the vine gar, boil it again, replace, and tie.. down as before. Will ibe rcoay for use in three or lour weeks. The cauliflower should be young. 3. The following ii an excellent recipe for preserving Jnitter: — Salt- petre and white sugar of each.l ib. ; best large grained salt, 2 Ib. ; all in fine powder; mix tho ' roughly,' and add 1 oz. of this mix ture lo every pound of fresh butter,' and tho roughly incorporate them -together. The butter thus prepared is next to be tightly pressed into clean earthenware vessels, or well-sessoned caske, sa as to leave no vacuities. The hutter does not ?taste weM until it has stood for three or four weeks, after which it acquires a rich marrow-like flavor, -which belongs to no other butter. An ex cellent means of protecting the butter from the air consists of filling the pots to witliin an inch of the top, then lay on it some large-grained salt, to the tliickness of } to i an inch, and lastly -cover each pot with a pflate, slate*, or other flat article, lite salt absorbs, water, and in time changes into brine, which forms an airtight layer on top of the butter, and can be poured off b; simply turning Ihe pot -on one side. 'Enquirer,' Unley, wanis to know lww to make saltcoats biscuits. 'O.K.'— The following recipe is given in 'Work- shop Receipts: — 'Get the wood clean; have some Vandyke brown and burnt sienna ground in water; mix if in strong size; put oh with a whitewash or new paint brush as evenly as you can. When iliy give lu'O coats of copal or oak varnish. 'Anxious.' — Use a little borax in the staron. 'Bore.' — Blueing on pirn barrels is performed by simply heating the barrel in powdered charcoal over a fire until the desired color is obtained. '?Wager.' — I. The French method of cleaning tid gloves is to put them on the bands, and wash them in spirits of turpentine until they are quite cleaa. rubbing them exactly as if washing the hands; when finished, hang the gloves' in a current of air to dry, and to take off the smell of the tur pentine. Another method which it is said makes) the gloves soft, glossy, and elastic is as follows: — liave'a small quantity of milk in a cup or saucer and a piece of brown AVindsor or glycerine soap in another saucer. Fold a. clean towel or other cloth tliree or four times thick, and spread the glove smoothily on the cloth. Dip a piece of flannel in the milk, and rub it well oh the Eoap. Hold the glove firmly with the left 'hand, and rub it with the flannel towards the fingers. Continue this operation until the glove, if white, appears, of a dirty yellow; or if colored until' it looks dirty and spoiled, and then- lay it to dry. All gloves are better and more shapely if dried on gJove trees or wooden hands. 2. Sitibo CaBtic, Sutherland, North Britain. 3. To clean jjilt fraai^s, dissolve a vt_ry small quantity of salts of tartai in a wine bottle of water, and with a piecu of cotton wool, soaked in the liquid, dab tlie frames very gently (rio rubbing on any account, or you will take off ths gilt), then stand up the frames, so that water will drain away from theiri conveni ently, and syringe them with clean water. Care inst be taken that the solution is not too strong-. 'Warrigal.'— 1. Aboutf20 yards. 2. Unbleached. 8\. Soak in a saturated solution oi sugar of lead ind alum. 'Zante,' Port Augusta.— The drving of currants is a very simple matter. Mr. T. Hardv, in a paper read before the first Congress of Agricultural Bureaus, held in Adelaide, gave the following par-i titulars:— 'The eurrams are cut from tlie vines and spread evenly on trays made of palings or laths, and in from four to six days they are sufB-t cicritly dried without any rurther trouble. The stalk is easily rubbed off, and the fruit cleaned from the stalks by passing it through a wheat cleaner. ' It- is then ready for packing in boxes of 28 and £0 Ib. weight.' 'Ida,'1 Tapley's Hill.— 1. Hie a has tlie same sound as in the 'word tan, and the accent is on tiie first syllable. 2. 'Peritonitis )s .in inflammation' of the peritoneum, a thin, smooth, serous mem brane, inverting the whole internal surface of the abdomen, and more or less completely all the vis cera contained in it. ???*.- The accent is on the second syllable in the word kanaka. 4. The pro nunciation is 'Baydcn-Po'-eH, the accent in each case being on- tne first syllable. 5. To cook and serve haricot beans, take large beans, and cover them with boiling water; let them stand ten minutes, the skins will then peel ofi easily; put' into boil ing water, salted, with an onjon, and boil until quite soft; strain off the water, and mash with butter and pepper and salt. Pile liig'h on a warm vegetable dish. . 'Subscriber,' Brighton.— 1. Gold size is gene rally used, but there is also a colorless liquid with a sweet smell, sold at leading paint shops, which is considered to be superior to gold size. 2. 'Workshop Receipts' says marine shells are clean' ed by rubbing with a rag dipped in common hydro chloric acid till the outer dull skin is removed, washing in warm water, dryirie- ,in tot sawdust, and polishing with cliamois leather. \- 'Interested,' Prospect.— In' an article on frecHes in 'Ohambers's Encyclopaedia,' the following oc curs:— 'Many methods of treatment have been .ad vocated for tlieir removal; but in most cases at least tlie improvement is not permanent Amongf the milder measures which sometimes succeed fn improving fhe condition is a lotion of hypoaul pliate of soda (15 to 80 grains), or of chloride ol ammonia (16 grains), along with corrosive sub limate (i grain to the ounce of water), applied .to tlie part on rag or lint; or hypochloratc of sulphur ointment (one drachm to the ounce).' ' . 'Subscriber.'— Tlie following is recommended by a reliable medical journal as an excellent re medy for 'blackheads1':— Sulphuric .ether, 1 oz.; carbonate of ammonia, 1 drachm; boracic acid, 20 Brains: water to make 10 drachms.. - || ? 