The Ktushfire on 9IorainIiro and Burnside. THE INQUEST. On Thursday, February , 14, an in quest was held at the Court House, ^arracoorte, to enquire into the cause of the fire which .occurred - on. the Morambro and Bumside estates and among the homestead'blocks on the Border To wn road on Thursday, the 7th inst. Mr. A. Attiwiil, J.P., acted as Coroner,'and the following jury were empannelled;—Messrs. S. Tavender (foreman), C. Schinckel, K. McLeod, E. Houghton, C. Beauchamp, and D. Caldwell. On Thursday morning the jury, accompanied by the Coroner and S.C. Holland, inspected the scene of the fire, and in the afternoon evidence was taken. Inspector Saunders conducted the •nquity en behalf of the Police. The following witnesses were ex amined:— Stephen Bradley, laborer, Morambro, deposed:—Oh Thursday, the 7th inst., 1 left the station between 7 and 8 o'clock in the morning in company with Boland Haggett.. . We were driving in a spring cart, and went to examine some rabbit traps near the Wombat hill. After putting the traps in a heap we began to put a plough furrow at the foot of the hill. It was .then between 8 and 9. o'clock and the sun was getting hot. I drove the cart and the boy dropped the phospborised pollard in the furrow with his hand. I went through the gate into another paddock. On pro ceeding on to the edge of the Bluff Hill in the Cockatoo paddock we saw the fire start iff: the Wombat paddock. It was three-quarters of an hour from the time that we commenced laying the pollard till when we saw the fire. I had laid phosphorised pollard in the Wombat . paddock about a month previously. On seeing the fire the boy and I drove back to it. We were three-quarters of a mile away when we first saw it. The fire started about five chains away from where we commenced laying the pollard on the opposite side of the ;nill in the Wombat paddock. I am certain the fire started away from the furrow I made that morning, I have been mixing phosphorised pollard for four years. We mix the pollard in the following way:—We place into a bottle three sticks of phosphorous and nearly fill the bottle with water. Then we add about two tablespoon fulls of bi-sulphide of carbon. We let the bottle stand over night, and in the mormng.we take 20jlbs. of pollari and place it into a large washing tub. We then take about 71bs. of sugar and pnt it in an oid drum, and pour half a bucket of water on the sugar and dis solve it. We then pour the phos phorous into the sugar and mix the ablution with the pollard till it gets to a thick paste. The preparation ie then fit for use. I think if the phos phorous were not properly dissolved it would he dangerous, we have never Bad a fire-on Morambro through lay ipg phosphorised pollard. I don't think that pollard, if left on the ground, would be dangerous for fire I cannot form an opinion as to the cause -of the fire. The day in question was very hot. I do not smoke. We. had no matches with us on that day Charlie Smith, a station band, and two young Williams passed near by ; bn the morning of the fire. By the Coroner.—I picked tip the bag pro- ; duced near the fence where -the fire j bad been burning. I found the bag :on the evening after the firein a. damp state. I could not say if any of the station hands had been about the locality with a bag. Some rain fell before I fouBd the bag. I did hot notice the smell of phosphorous about the bag. "Tt struck itue as "peculiar td see the bag lying where it was, so -1 tpok.it to the station. There was >a road near where the bag was [■ picked up. I have not heard any one threaten to set fire to the run. I have been about four years on Motambro. By a Juryman—I have. ;•-jvbter noticed any phosphorus leftun disj3olved after bexng over .night in a bottle. I have superintended the lay ing of all the pollard in the W°n>bpt . paddock, this season. I laid pollard : three times this summer on the west side of the hill where the fire started. There was a north-east wind blowing rwbeh the fire started, turning to the Tdast later in the day. I can swear r;!ihere was no fire on £jhe east of where I laid the pollard. Boland Q-. Haggett, laborer, Mo rambroj deposed — Last Thursday morning I accompanied the previous J witness to gather rabbit traps and lay j phosrhorised pollard. We went to ■ the Wombat paddock and we started! a plough furrow. I was engaged put- • ting the pollard into the furrow. We | dropped -the pollard in small pieces j four or five feet apart, and I had j special instructions to diop the small pieces in the furrow. About three quarters of an hour after starting work we saw the fire. We were then three-quarters.of a mile away from it. It was a hot and windy day. The fire started on the opposite side of the hill to where we commenced the furrow five or six chains away. Neither my mate or I lit a fire on the run that morning. Mr. C Smith went through the paddock on that morning. I saw no strangers about. When the fire was observed by as I went to the sta tion to give the alarm, and my mate stayed at the fire. I have been four | months engaged in laying pollard. I have never beard anyone make any I threats since I have been on Morambro. By a Juryman—I did not see the two [ Williams's passing through the pad dock. I Thomas Andrew Williams, laborer, Lochaber, deposed—'On Thursday, the 7th inst., I passed through, the Wom bat paddock, on the Morambro run, about 8.30 in the morning. My cousin, William Williams, was with me. We were driving in a trap. Neither of us were smoking. I saw the two pre- j vious witnesses in the paddock. We ■ were in the Bluff paddock when we j first1 saw the fire. I have no idea as j to the exact spot where the fire: started, or as to how it started. There ! •was a strong wind blowiag from the north-west, and it was very hot. When I first saw the two previous witnesses they were going over their I traps. I have had no experience with phosphorus. I. have lived in Lochaber for 15 or 16 year®, and I am well acquainted with the people there. I have never heard anyone use secret threats to injure Mr. Cockburn or the property. I helped to check the fire. By the Coroner — The wind was not blowing from the north west when I saw the fire. Laurence Cockburn, manager of Morambro, deposed — On Thursday last Bradley and Haggett, as usual, went out to lay phosphorised pollard on the run. My attention was drawn to u fire about 20 minutes past 10 o'clock tbat morning in the direction of Morambro. I was then seven miles south-west of the station. I came across to the fire and found it burning half a mile west nf the head station. I saw no strangers about that morning. It was a hot and windy day, and the feed was plentiful. The fire was travel ling so fast that it was impossible to keep up with it with a horse. Bradley has been on the station four years and his duties are exclusively to prepare the phosphorised pollard and lay it on the run. I prefer pollard being laid wifcb the hand in preference to the machine. If the phosphorous is dissolved with hot water it would be highly dangerous in mixing with pollard, but if dissolved with bisulphide of carbon it- is. not dangerous. Some of the same mixing of phosphorous as was laid the morning of the fire was -seen by the jury to-day,-and some wcs laid out yesterday. I have no idea how the fire started. I have never -had a fire on the station through phosphorous during the time I have been on Morambro, and we have always mixed it the. same way described by Bradley. The fir© has burnt be tween 8,000 and 9,000 acres of grass and 18^ miles of fencing exclusive of my .neighbor's. half share of boundary fences. Ifo -stock to speak of was destroyed." All bands on the station and 411 the ' neighbors turned out to battle with the fire. Had the rain not come the fire would not have been put out. The bag produced was brought to me by Bradley, and it is one that j belongs to'the station. Bj- a Juror I have used phosphorised wheat for destroying rabbits, but have never-had it catch fire. I have never beard of anyone threatening to burn out the -station. Bradley is a particularly careful man, and from my examination of the phosphorised pollard and tiie way that be mixed it, I am quite satisfied in my own mind that the fire did not : start from pboshbrised pol lard. ~ . "William Smith, manager, Burnside, deposed:—The .Burnside property is owned by Messrs. Bickford. About 9 o'clock on Thursday I noticed some siriokej but thought it might be a duststorm. It came from the direction of the salt lake on Moraaibro. About 20 minutes after I could tell it was a fire. -E hastened to the fire. When I j first saw the fire X thought it was, opposite "Thin- low's. I went to one of; Mr ~ Gockburn's windmills on horse-1 back, about two miles off, and found j the fire was travelling nearly as; fast as Iwas, • T saw that I could do no good going to the fire and retarned to Burnside. I gavemy -boy instructions to get water and wet bags ready, whibb be did. I hurried back to one of our. paddocks, about two - miles away, to secure 500 sheep from tbe fire/and then came home." T then secured the stud flock. , I just had time., to let my: horse go and get" down to the woolshed, when the fire over took me. I was single-handed, andbattledagainst the fire. I " saved the woolshed and as I looked around I found, as 1 thought, the homestead all on fire. I rushed up to, the station and found I could not save the stable, Uaystack, jtool:Bhed," orjinfen'i hut. I devoted my attention to the house and managed to save it by pouring water on the side of-thB kitchen. About 20 tons of Wood- and - the garden - were destroyed; The fire crossed the road in several places. I estimate tbe damage done on. my run at £1,000. I have no idea as to how the fire started. A slight shower of rain helped to check the fire By a J uror— I could not say if the fire originated from phosphoiised pollard laidonMorambro. I think that if phosphorised pollard- is prepared properly there is no damage. I have never had any damage from phosphorised pollard, . - Inspector Saunders said there were two other witnesses who could be called, but their evidence would be corroborative of that given by Bradley anl Haggett. The C roner and jury thought it unnecessary to call these witnesses. The Co 'ouer briefly addressed I he jurv. He said there was very little evidence to enable them to arrive at the cause of the fire. In his,opinion, however, the fire had been caused by an iuceudiary, and he did not think that pollard phosphorised in the way the witnesses had stated it was would cause a fire. The jury, after a brief retirement, returned the following verdict:—"We are o£ the opinion that the fire m ques tion started in the Wombat paddock on Morambro, but there is not sufficient evidence to show how the fire origi nated.*' The Coroner thanked the jury and dismissed them. 