NOTES AND COMMENTS. The American associated cattle-breeder* have risen in their wrath against the in discriminate and compulsory use ol •tuber culin. They state that they are willing •that scientists carry on all experiments th6y desire at theiT own or Government expense, but they object mo?t strenuously to the compulsory use of tub9Peulin " be cause of the losses which are known to have resulted from the indiscriminate In jection of this stuff into the veins'of healthy animals." They state that the ■evidence of the injury worked in healthy stock by the use of tuberculin is plentiful and forthcoming «t any moment. This Is the first occasion on which the- use of tuberculin has been publicly objected to as Injurious to cattle. The objection may be the result of prejudice ; but on the "other hand it has been publicly made at a congress of breeders, who must be assumed to be shrewd observers aiid unlikely to ar rive at the conclusion that the use of tuberculin 13 " hurtful to the cattle-breed ing industry of America" without some substantial reason. We believe that un der certain conditions the test enn be en forced in several of the Australian States, and as tuberculin and its uses are but of recent discovery, it would seem but rea sonable that an investigation should be conducted as to the truth* or otherwise of the American breeders' allegation. "la this country there is great need among the stockmen for some effectual way to burn n"reguards." These words, which form the opening sentence of a letter addressed to the "Scientific Ameri can" by a correspondent in Montana, might just as well be written of Queensland, and indeed of Australia generally. At cer tain seasons of the year owners of grazing land—not to mention all dwellers in rural neighbourhoods, -where there are large areas ot land covered with grass and vege tation —live in constant dread of the bush fire, which may In one short day sweep away fence, homestead, and the pasture upon which the stock and their owner, too, have to depend for existence. The care ful man leaves no stone unturned to avert the dreaded attack of fire, by ploughing or burning off a strip of land around the country desired to foe protected. ••••'.'■• , • ( The letter quoted from m<ra/tk>ns the measures adopted in Amerida, yvht<sh' r are ■in effect those in vogue here\ wi'lh Trifling differences. The writer says'-;-*^-I myself want to burn off fifty miles oFflre this coming season. Now, the gra%fr--hr this country 13 usually very short, and when an attempt is made to burn guards toy means of torch and oil or by dragging a rope which has been soaked in oil and then set on fire the result Is usually not satisfactory. What we need Is some thing that can be drawn over the ground that will burn the grass, little or big, for a width of from Bft. to 10ft., whether the wind is favourable for such work or not. If such a thing could be devised which would not cost too much, I believe a large number could be sold in this country, as I have heard many stockmen say they would like to have their entire stock ranges sur rounded with a properly burned fire guard. A man here has built a machine for this purpose which sets the grass on fife by meftns of gasoline gas, and trailing behind are steel brushes to put out the fire. This, I understand, Is quite & success, but It costs so much that no one will buy one. Now, my Idea is to have merely the best possible device to set the grass on fire to a wddith of, aay, BDt., and depend upon <mem to follow it to j>ut out rt-he fire if it spreads beyond tlhe limits de?tred. As an idea of what would meet our needs, I wJH say thalt the man wtoo can make the. plodnlt or end of every tooth in an old horse hayrake a flame of fire cam find a good mar ket for his device among the stockmen here who want to burn flre-gaarde round their ranges." The remarks of >thle American stock owner exactly fit the*ipo9*tlon of the Aus tralian grazier, wflio has for years beeu watting, >aiDd is still longing, for some cheap and effective' means of rapidly run ning a fire-break round hie holding in the dangerous season. ,We have known of oases where aettlera ttave spent many hours in trying to burn a fire-break round their homesteads, and have seen the foe triumj/h at ladt, (simply because the burn ing-off operation was co slow that the round could not be comiplelted in time. Especially is tb'is the case In country wfhere ithe grass is of « tu&socky;, uneven nature. Unfortunately the bush-fire makes little or nolthing of the difficulty which man finds so great In burning the tussocke. The uaual practice, and tlhait whidh is most effective in such country, is (to attach a fcerosene lamp or torcli ito the end of a long stick, and 'ride along the line to be burnt, applying the flame to every tussock In passing. In this way a skilled band oan cover a long stretch In a few ihpurs. But even this Is too 'Slow In emergency, and a little want of care on <tUe part of the burner may make his .work ineffectual through many of the tussocks being missed or falling to burn out. We oan heartily agree with the American rancher that the man who can devtise some simple-and in expensive applianoe for accelerating the burning of fire-guards will be a benefactor to his race, and will be welcomed nowhere more cordially than in Queensland, where the long holt summer makes the fire fiend an ever-present menace to the oom'fort and prosperity, and even the life, of the farmer and grazier. We hear of bush-flres de stroying 'whole townships and causing serious loss of life in Vlotorla. The only reason thait Queensland is as yet free from similar oaitastrotptties Is the sparseness of selt'lejnent. A fire miay rage over hun dreds of square mflles wiith'out meedlng a townslhlp. WTien our territory becomes more thlck-ly populated, especially on the Wesftern plains, then will the need of fire breaks be /elt wl'fh tenfold strength. A point of considerable importance to pastoral lessees, drovers, and others cropped up at the sitting of the Land Court held last week, In a case relating to a pro posal to open a' road through Id,raway holding, In the Burnett district. The lessee of that holding had expressed h s Intention .[ln the event of the proposed road being (opened) of claiming compensation on the fa'B?uinption that the road would be a stock route^-and that travelling stock would, U not immediately, at least eventually, iHtiKJe a rl^ht to depasture within half-a mlle on eAch side of the road. Consider able argument took place on the point, and Mr. Sword, who presided at the court, ex .nses?ed the opinion that there was nothing to prevent any road through a pastoral holding becoming a stock route by usage, and that a statutory right to graze on such a holding within a distance of half-a-mile of the road would arise as soon as the road could be said to be ordinarily used for the purpose of travelling stock. 'At (the Land Board Court last week, before Mr. T. S. Sword, the applications of George M'Nair, of Sydney, accountant ; J. B. Stephens, of Brwwarrlna, New South Wales, shearer ; James Hdbson, of Sydney, labourer; and Frank Clark, of Sydney, labourer, lor selections on the resumed portions of Yarmouth run—of which Mr. W. Willis, M.L.A., of New South Wales, is lessee—and ElveTston, the adjoining run, were dealt with. Some of the applications were witnessed toy Mr. Willis, and the de posit money for 'the wlhole of the applica tions was paid by one cheque on the Com mercial Bank of Sydney, Cunnamulla- The Land Court refused to approve of the appli cation's In the first instance uortil an in quiry wee held to satisfy them as to the bona fides of the applications. 'Mr. Q. W. Power appeared for the applicants, and Mr. W. F. Wilson for the Crown. Mr. Power asked for leave to -withdraw the ap plications on the ground Chat tha con tinued drought rendered it undesirable to acquire the selections. He contend id that the onus was on the Crown to satisfy the court as to the avala fides of the applicants. Mr. Sword held 'that the onus was on the applicants t* saitlsify the court that the applications were bona fide. 'The with drawal of the applications was allowed on consideration (that 20 per cept of the deposit money, rent, and survey fees was forfeited. The following details of tbe Tderaway holding csaae as 'brought before the Laud Court on Wednesday week have been sup plied us :—■Notice was received of tbe in tention to open a road through the holding three chains wide Uor a distance of aboont eight miles. The lessees objected to this on the grounds that there was already a ten-chain road through the centre of 'the holding, wbldh would be within an average distance of two miles from tbe Droposad new road, and also that df the new road were open it would soon ibe converted into a road ordinarily used for the purpose of travelling stock, and 'that under section 230 of the Land Act of 1897, stock so tra velling would be entitled to depasture on any part of the land which is wlfhin a dis tance of half-a-mlle from suoh road, _an<l the lessee considered it un'failr to hSveTan additional stock route within two miles of the existing one through the centre of a run only about five miles wide. The Crown contended tihat <the new road could not be used for travelling 'stock umtll it was first proclaimed a stdok route, which called forth from Mr. Sword the ruling as set forth above, which.ruling supported the conten tion of the 'lessees. The court finally de cided not to recommend the opening of the proposed new road, tout to recommend the acceptance of the lessees' original offer— namely, to allow a road to be taken from the nearest practicable point of the ten chain road to Trobfa iholdlng by the short est possible and that the lessee t>e allowed a proportionate remission cf rent for the actual area taken up by the road, and resumed from the holding, if practic able, ithe present track' from the ten-chain road to Trait's (freehold, crossing Reid'3 Creek, is to be used. Such new road to be one dbaln wide, and about one milt; in length. The chairman, in giving the ruling, on the 230 th section above referred to, in cidentally mentioned the meaning of the term as set forth in section 2 of the Dis ease*. In Sheep Act at 1867. The visit to Brisbane of the Royal Com mission appointed by the New South Wales Government to inquire into the condition of the Western lands of thai State will be of much interest to the pa?toral lessee.! and grazing farmer* of Queensland. It was on the assumption that the Western country was very similar on both sides of tho boundary between the two States that the commission decided to hear what Queens land pastoralists had to say on the subject of the prevailing conditions, and their ex periences duriug the past few years, and from the character of the evidence given it would .appear that their belief was well grounded. The greater part of the cvi-< dence consisted of a recital of the disabili ties under which the lessees labour, and to this it is hardly necessary to refer. Tha grievances of tho squatters have teen placed before our Government over and over again in a comprehen sive form, and the only advantage gained by their repetition is that the statements given in evidence will appear in type with the report submitted by the Royal Comniis, sion to the New South Wales Legislature There was, however, one feature of the proceedings which can hardly be other than gratifying to Queenslanders, and that was the complimentary references made by the Southern legislators on the commission to the land laws of our State. For the most part these took the form of Interjections terse and to the point, ana Mr. Willis, the member for the Barwon, was particularly generous in his admissions. Mr. Willis has an especial admiration for the Agricultural Lands Purchase Act, under which a number of estates have been acquired by the Go vernment and utilised for the purposes of closer settlement. Among New South Wales Parliamentarians Mr. Willis ha 3 a reputation for candour—occasionally he dis plays too much for some people—and it is generally conceded that what he says he means. His comment upon the information given by Mr. He«ney on the operations of tho A.L.P. Act was—" Upon my soul It makes a man sick to think New South Wales has refused to pass a bill like that" Thte speaks for itself. "Governments are so often criticised—and the Queensland ad ministration has been no exception—that when a word of commendation comes from an outsider it is but fair that it should tot recognised by " oor am folk." In the meat export trade Queensland has a promising industry, the future de velopment of which is almoslt without limit. Some idea of IDs present importance was given iin .the figures quoted toy Mr. Cameron in his evidence ibefore the Now South Wales Lands Commission. For every week the elight principal m&alt; works of Queensland are stopped there is a l<Jss in wages and other supplies of £12,000, and 2500 em ployees are thrown out of employment. In dustries of this kind, -which give permanent employment and fair wa«es to so many •workers, without the ar-tlflcial help of pro tective duties, deserve encouragement. They are natural industries which in them selves have the necessary vitality to lu sure growth and expansion under ordinary conditions. The only restriction to fcho meat export .trade is that the present de mand tends to overreach the supply avail able. The drought has, of course, seriously diminished ithe number of stock, an>d this cause alone Is likely to retard the development of the 'trade for some time. Mr. Cameron also urges .that Insecurity of tenure is causing a serious restriction la the production of cattle in .the coastal breeding areas, and thereby affecting the operations of the meat companies. With out going Into this question, there are at present three .great Queensland industries which demand special attention. The meat export trade should .be fostered because ot the employment it gives to 'the people, and the oversea commence it brings to our port*. The pastoral industry, which, bns met with disaster, ■willl require delicate handling for come years to come ; while the sugar industry, which also (has given employment to many thousands of whits workers, is also threatened to make politi cal capital for a Federal Premier. AH three industries are natural to Queensland, and the prosperity of the State depends on their preservation. Despite the dry weather which has pre vailed recently, there is etlll a great da- maad for land in this district (writes cur Roctabamjvton correspondent). At the monthly sitting of the Rockhamp-ttm Land Commissioner* Court last week no iess than 69,334 acres was taken .up—68,201 acres for grazing purposes and 1133 acres for Agricultural. Very 'high rents were real ised for some of the grazing selections/ iThree block* in the parish of Devellu were tlhrown open at «, rent of l^d. per acre. There was a rush for them. In *>wo in stances as much as 3V&d.; per aero was offered—ifor one two tenderers tendered at that figure, and in the other l%d. This means that for two of the lots the Govern ment wanted £3 6s. Bd. per acre per annum, and got £8 6s. Bd. Roekhampton lias been favoured with splendid rains during the last few weeks, the record being over lOin. This (wrLtes our correspondent under date 11th instant) Bias given a flue e<fcart to the grass, and all tine waterholes are full. Consequently the fears that •were entertained by farmers and Btockowners a few weeks ago are at an en? The rain, however, has by no means Jt>een general in the district 3urrouillng the town, nor where rain has fallen has it been anything like so heavy as in Hock hampton. As a matter of fact, much cf the rain that has fallen has been confined to wha{ may be termed the valley of ihe (Pitzroy—that is, the country a few miles from the south bank of the Fitzroy, and that between the north bank and the coast. It did not get as far as Mount Morgau. fitrange to say, there has not been nr.y on the watershed of the Dee River, with the result that the big dam of the Mouut Mor gan Gold- mining Company, which the com pany hoped to have overflowing by this time, and •which would have overflowed if there had been only half the rain that has fallen here, has not a drop in it. There have been splendid showers in parts of tho /western country, tout the spots which have been blessed are few and far between, and they have not had a fraction of the rain they want to make them safe for the year that is, until the next wet season comes round. As for the parts which have not come within the area of the storms, they are perfectly barren, and stock are toeing hastened once more to the eastern pastures, ileavy bookings have been made, and from this date on there will be two trainloads of jfheep coming down the line every day. Our Sydney correspondent wires as ? fol low* under Friday's date :—Splendid raias have fallen in the southern half of the colony, and'still continue. Exception ally heavy storms occurred yesterday, par ticularly on the Lachlan River. Over 4in. j?f rain fell at Cudgellico, and 3in. at Te mora and AJbury. Nearl^ every district in the State had rain this week, and graziers, farmers, and miners are jubilant. It is still raining in parts of the south, and also in Sydney and on the coast. (Moderate showers have fallen ■west of the iDarling. Notwithstanding that (heavy Tains have fallen in parts of New South Wales, Queens land, and Central Australia (says the " Maitland (N.S.W.) Mercury"), many dis iricts in >the StaJtts are still suffering from the effects of one of the severest droughts ever experienced on the continent. Some of Queensland's stockbreeders are inquiring in .the Hunter and other favoured districts for suitable gracing country, the desire being to preserve valuable stud stock. At Tamworth and other places north of the Liverpool Range good rains have fallen during the past week, but for some distance this side and also along the Goulburn River the country is very dry. Not only that, but the farmers have experienced a similar tfontiltlon of things to that noticed else where—that farm and garden crops show a marked tendency to blight and scald under the sun's rays. The worst drought conditions, however, . probably prevail •round Cobar, where the country is in a lamentable state. Not only has herbage peri?hed, but drinking water for the people is getting alarmingly scarce. The biggest copper mine has shut down, and work can- Hot be resumed till rain comes. That it wllL cnot now be long delayed, and that the downpour "will be general all over the drought-stricken districts, Is the ferverit hope of all. 15\. correspondent writes :—'An advertise ment states that 1000 bullocks from Nor manby (tick country) are shortly to be sold at Beaudesert. If this sort of thing is allowed, what is the good of a buffer area ? iWhat will they say in New South Wales ?^_ The stock branch state that Normanby staT lion, although in the quarantine area, was never in tick country, and the run was al ways known and reported on by the inspec tors as absolutely free from infection. At the last Stock Board meeting, the quarantine line was amended, in order to place Nor manby station south of the quarantine line, and within the Logan buffer area, r.nd this *t the same time gave a much better de fined and fenced boundary line. (Additional confirmation of the reports concerning the terrible drought in Western Queensland is given (says the " S. A. Re gister") by Mr. GeorgeJDebuey, manager of Monkira station, Diamantina, who, in writ- Ing on the 11th January to his principal, Sir Edwin Smith, remarks :—" Watertioles are now dry for the first time within the memory of white people. . . . Cattle are dying everywhere. . . . Most of the herds in the district are simply wiped out of existence." The export of wool from Brisbane last ?eek was 220 bales, bringing the total shipment from the 31st December last to date to 23,662 bales. According to the manifests at the Custom house, the various firms have shipped as follows :—W. H. Smith and Sons, Lim ited, 380 bales ; R. Lhoerst and Co., 115 Wes ; Fenwick and Co., 153 bales ; A. C. Harris, 15 bales ; H. Bracker, 21 bales ; A.U.B.N. Company, 805 bale? ; C. Parbury and Co., Limited, 462 bales ; Moreheads Limited, 1029 bales ; Mofflln and Co., 61 bales ; Picard, Goulet, et nls, 136 bales ; Ostermeyer, Dewez, and Van Rompaey, 353 bales Bro?., 68 bales ; R. J. Col ley, 33 bales ; Dalgety and Co., Lim ited, 3628 bales ; Australian Estates and Mortgage Company, Limited, 912 bale's ; Queensland Investment and Land Mortgage Company, 53 bales; T. Alford, 2fi jial?s ; ;Wright, Heaton, and Co., Lim flejj.t 949 -tales ; Thomas Brown and Sons, Limjtsd, 5102 bales ; E. J. Rodgers, 57 bales ;' New Zealand Loan and Mercantile Agency .Company, Limited, 850 bales ; Gibbs, Bright, and Co., 638 bales ; A.J.S. Bank, 141 bales ; C. O'Reilly, 15 bales ; W. Carson- and Co., 71 bales ; Commercial Banking Company of Australia, 25 bales ; J. F. Maunsell, 65 bales ; E. Rich and Co., 2077 bales ; G. H. Wilson and Co., 232 bales; E. Gosset et flls, 124 bales ; Wenz and Co., 415 bales ; W. B. Martin, 5 bales ; Commercial Banking Company of Sydney, 55 bales ; R. Rodgers, 23 bales ; Burns, Philp, and Co., Limited, 2218 bales ; Aplin, Brown, and Co., 142 bales ; Brabant and Co., 167 bales ; the Dillalah Company, 95 bales ; Baynes Bros., 147 bales ; F. Bards ley, 123 bales ; English, Scottish, and Australian Bank, 1319 bales ; the Darling Downs and Western Lands Company, Lim ited, 386 bales ; T. Skinner, 52 bales ; transhipments, 625 bales ; Renard, Lorl mer, 158 bales ; P. Bertrand and Co., 30 bales ; P. Lamerand, 118 bales. The following is an official Customs return, show ing the number of bales of wool exported from the undermentioned port* during the week ended 18th instant, by steam and sailing vessols reapectively:— Total from Brisbane .. 186 bales. Total from Rookhampton 667 bales. Total from Townaville .. 8 bales. Grand total .. .. 760 bales. Since the (beginning of the year 556,700 bales of wool have been received at the three principal seaports of New South Wales. During the same period 669,000 bags of wheat were received at Darling Harbour. Mr. Benson is at present visiting the orchards in the neighbourhood of .Woom bye (writes a correspondent). On the wholte he finds that the drought has affected most of the trees, but, notwith standing, there will be a large yield of citrus fruit of very fine quality this sea son. Mr. Benson addressed a large if eat ing of fruitgrowers in "the Woombye School of Arts on Wednesday evening, and urged the necessity of keeping the or chards thoroughly clean. He was pleased to note that some varieties of scale, which had spread with alarming rapidity In othor districts, had made no progress whatever here, aDd this he attributed to the pre sence of some unknown natural enemy. He expressed himself as thoroughly in ac cord with the Mnroochy Society in holding their show this year in May, and urged growers to spare no pains In preparing an exhibit for the Brisbane Exhibition which would be a credit to the society, and de monstrate to the colony the immense re sources of the North Coast district. He abated that there was a likelihood of the National Association offering a prize of £15 15s. for a trophy of citrus fruits, and advised the society to send a separate ex hibit for competition. The growers spe:ik in highest terras of the practical assist ance given them by Mr. Benson, ard feel confident that, under his direction, they will be able in the future to find a pro fitable market for their fruit both on the Continent and <4n America. The sixth annual meeting of the Mul grave Central Mill at Nelson was held on the 11th instant. The directors' report showed that 46,046 tons of cane had been treated, for an output of 5036 tons of sugar. The profit, for the year amounted to £5802. Full interest to 30th June, 1901, had been paid, and redemption to the same date, except £400. Twelve shillings and three pence per ton had been paid to the "farmers for cane, and a further Is. per ton was announced for the coming season. The cane to be treated for the coming season is estimated at 61,000 tons. A notable feature of last year's tonnage was the esti mate made by the mill officers of the pro balble quantity of cane to Tae crushed, which realised 46 tons over the estimate. Every thing is working happily, and the prospects of the growers are first-class. All the difeetor3 were re-electe4. A most interesting letter on the subject of wheat storage, written by Mr. F. J. Port. Per Steamer. Per Bailer. ICountry to whioi Exported. Bales. trltbane .. 186 lookbampton — 607 4 'ownsville .. 8 Bales. 46 New South Walei United Kingdom New South Walei Victoria New 8outh Walei faterson, a gentleman who takes a very keen interest In ail agricultural matter*,1 was read at a recent meeting of the Too* •wooTtfba Chamber of Commerce. The writer points out that the miller cannot find enough storage room for all the wheat offering. The producer having no storage room either, rushes his produce on the market, and th£ miller in consequence had to offer a low value. Continuing, th« writer states that an Queensland is not an exporter of wheat, ana probably will notebe for a fe-w years, the elevator system as applied elsewhere is not applicable on Hhe Downs. He suggests the following as a remedy :—" That tie Government build the framework ot elevators for sheda which could too converted when required into real elevators, say to start with at Toowoamba, Clifton, Allora, or Hendon, and Warwick, and any other necessary place. By so doing, the Government would be providing storage room for those producers who could not afford to build their own sheds, and who by paying a small storage could probably get an advance of money on their stored produce to tide them over their passing needs, and then force the miller to give a fair price for their produce, which he must do wfcen he wants the wheat to convert it into flour." The dispersal sale of the Tocai stud caltla "was concluded last week at West Maitland, when 134 head, comprising <the wihole of the Devons, <were sufomttted a>t auction. There ■was a spirited demand, and 1700 guineas were reaMsed, which with 8860 guineas at Tuesday's sale of Hereford's, makes a total ot 10,560 guineas. The principal price paid on Wednesday was 90 guineas for the etud bull Chieftain. During the past few days there has been Wonsiderable speculative buying of salt, nearly 300 tons changing hands. This is, as already stated, due to the belief that salt will be largely by the Federal tariff. In some quarters it is confidently expected that a duty of a couple of pounds a 'ton wili be imposed on imported salt, with an excise of £1 on salt manufactured •within the Commonwealth. This matter is of peculiar interest to our Srate. Sub stantial meat-pre3erving industries, second 'to none in Australia, have been built up in Queensland, and the quality and cheapness of our canned goods has enabled them to compete successfully in the world's mar kets. It is more than probable that an increase of cost in salt would hamper the meat-preserving industry, and it -will be well if our tariff-makers tear 'this aspect ot the matter in view before they decide to levy on salt. Possibly the Federal Par liament may see fit to exempt from taxa tion salt used in meat preserved for export, not forgetting the ealt found bo important as a means ot maintaining tUe health of our live stock. . . i 