LOCAL AND GENERAL NEWS. TONSORIAI..—The barbcring business carried 011 by Flynn for the past eighteen months has changed hands. R. Patterson is the proprietor and has been at work sincc the beginning of the week Hot'SEX WANTED.—Yass seems to be quite over- full. No end of persons arc in pursuit of residences of various kinds and with little prospect of success, because there arc no empty houses. If one does happen to become vacant it is immediately taken. THK HINT IOK LAND.—A more remarkable thing than the demand for houses in to"vn is the hunt for land throughout the district. For the most part enquiries arc fruitless because there are very few homesteads or estates for sale. The old established land holdci around prefer to keep their acres. The few that have been sold in one place and another have gone at good figures, amongst them the Mountainvicw property out beyond Tangm.ingaroo. whose new owner is about taking possession. In several instances really high offers have been refused. I'K.v 1 EKNAI..—U'c may bo permitted to cordially reciprocate the kindly sentiments and wishes recently expressed by our contemporary the "Courier." There is—or ought to be room for both of us, and good work todo. The " Courier" has always been a friend of the town, and its editor, a Yass native like ourselves, is a good woiker in many objects without reward. We shall be happy always to be permitted to labor side by side for the genera/ welfare. A GOOD SIOKY.—On page four of this issue will be found a capital short story And speaking of short stories we may mention that in the eoursc of a couple of issues, wc will begin a pleasant, well written serial story with a view to specially meeting the tastes of lady readers. THK "TKMU NK" AI.M\N.K.—Owing to the change in the proprietorship of the " Tribune " it has been impossible to get the almanac punctually at the beginning of the year. We must therefore ask the indulgence of our constituents for just a little while until they are got ready and published, but in the course of a week or so we hope to be able to send them out with the papers in the usual way. lit'SHRIRK.s.—During the holidays and particularly on Sunday and Monday, bushfires were repotted from several places in the districts round. The rain came opportunely however and in no case was much damage done. TilE YEAR'S RAINTAU..—The total rainfall registered at the local post office for the paST year 1900, was 32 inches 15 points. This may be regarded as very good, much above the average generallv, of years gone by, and the results are pparent. Even the new year started well with nearly half an ir.ch fall. ROADVOKK.—The attention of contractors is directed to an adv. appearing in this issue, calling tenders for certain road- The specifications ate to be seen at the Yass Court.House. STOCK SAI.I;.—On Friday January 4 Mr. \V. H. Whcatley holds an important sale uf sheep, horses and cattle at his yards in Gunning. The particulars are advertised elsewhere. THK ROYAI. HOTEJ..—HostDuddleston is as usual travelling on progressive lines, by becoming an advertiser in the ' Tribune' and keeping the merits of the Royal before the public. He has something of interest to the public in our advertising columns. SOI.DIEKS COMING HO.ME.—On board the Orient, now in Australian waters, arc 958 returning soldiers to the colonics from South Africa. Amongst them areour own gallant boys, Billy Murphy and Charley Jones, the latter of whom wired to his people early in the week to say that both will be in Yass next week. Later on we shall know what day to expect them, and the townsfolk will be able to meet and give them, like the rest, a fitting welcome home. DEATH.—On Tuesday afternoon a very old identity of the place, Miss Maty Delaney, died in the local hospital at the age of 45 years. 'The burial look place on Wednesday afternoon, Mr. Bates carrying out the funeral arrangements. LOCAI. CONTRACTS.—The tender of Messrs Thompson and Bates has been acccpted for the repairs to the Yass postoffice, to be completed in about ten weeks' time. The tender of the same firm has also been acceptcd for certain additions and alterations to the Yass lockup, work to be completed in about three months. In the latter case the tender was ^237 12s 6d, and we understand work will be com- mcnccd on both jobs without delay. A WHEAT BL-VER.—Mr. S. Mandelson of Cooma street, Yass, announces (hat he is a spot cash buyer of wheat, oats, corn, and chaff in any quantity and at highest market quotations. He wants to treat direct with the producers without the agents altogether, and will quote to samples. MUHRCMIIATEMAN RACKS.-.-The an. nual meeting of the above|racing club take* place on Monday 28th January on the splendid old Kenilworth course. The programme does the Murrumbateman folk credit, totalling^.52, and including the big handicap of £13 ^nd a hurdle race of £y. The full programme is elsewhere advertised. VITAL STATISTICS.—The local district registrar. Mr. Mulligan of the postoffice, kindly forwards information as to tbe births, deaths and marriage returns in the \ ass district for the last quarter. There were 10 marriages, 31 births—17 males and 14 females, and 10 deaths, five of either sex. MR. COLVIN LEAVING.—Another of the established identities in the form of Mr. George Colvin is about leaving Yass. For a long time he has been warder in the Yass Gaol, from which he goes on promotion to the Maitland Gaol, and we understand leaves on Saturday night. It is always pleasanl to hear of the promotion and success of our friends, however reluctantly We may view their departure from our midst. Only the kindest wishes for future health and success will follow Mr. George Colvin and family to Maitland and everywhere else. His successor, Mr. Mclnemey, has arrived in Yass from Bathurst Gaol. AUCTION LICENSES.—Before the Local Bench on Thursday, Auctioneers' licenses for the district of Yass were granted to Messrs. Percy Barber and Charles Besnard for the coming year. Also a coach license was granted to Mr. H. R. Jones in connection with the mail to Weejasper district. POLICE COURT.—Before Mr. Hughes at the Local Court on Thursday morning, one Dr. Blackett — so described — was brought up on a charge of alleged larceny, and remanded for eight days. It seems on December 28th Blackett came to Yass and hired from Mr. Nicholls, of the Salutation Inn. a horse and sulky, with which he left town. Mr. Nicholls, becoming uneasy as to the whereabouts of his properly, communicated with the police. Prompt measures were taken, and Blackett was arrested at Gundagai and remanded back to Yass, where he remains remanded as already stated. BOWNING BEEF.—On New Year's Day one Thomas Kerr, a tramp in Her Majes- ty's dominions arrived at Bowning, and incidentally at the butcher shop of Mr. John Roach. He invited himself in, took some 16 lbs. of salt beef and moved on. In due course, Constable Mclnness took him in tow and brought him on to Yass, where he was charged on Wednesday morning, before Messrs. Hughes and Payne, Js.P., with theft of the beef. He was lined 10/- or 7 days, accepting the latter alternative. Constable Mclnness brought the man on from Bowning and proved the case. 