INT. ? , .. • first called NoeNV , ' ,-or called anything ln 0 7,' <•»)''was shortened to A , .t his name was Bill • No-Accountwas . 1 i«'lV ••-•ast. lie seemed slow, inan u .;., .'vine to the fact that 1(1, 1 S... i. and his effort to get a S . e,.„n ; n-jested the struggles Ploughed field. His plow :ir • ' "i less, too, and so No- ' {)ie ; , ion of being a lazy, inf.! (lev- .mi hough in reality his the' : v better done than ; oti,;. Mm. on the job. He „f r.i- through his work •'\ 0 Ik- • \>in<r over it in a care- . hearted v.; v. The super noticed No-Account• "remained, much to the ne flash, spirting workers, who could dous lot in liour, and not a great ant °it was no! beautiful; his bony frame his face vmis badly freckled, and his ebvows ami eyelashes were the colour <re,r; but i he eyes, under those pale e remarkably line, and cherished a k that warmed his somewhat- listless features woe fairly regular, and, extraordinary amongst black-teaeavy-smoking bush workers, he had te teeth. In short, No-Account, • uj),'smartened up and neatly dressed, been considered a " decent-looking No-Account refused to straighten, , or wear neat clothes; in fact, he ed as if he had wandered into shirt, . boots by accident, and was in danger g out of them again at any moment. No-Account would; not square his dopt a smart manner of speech and day suits." he was perhaps the most •Effie Morgan's admirers, and nobody oke against No-Accouut more than ourse jokes on Hill Spring were very ie was the last man in the world to liing of the kind, and yet in spite of •Account- had won a certain respect, illing to light when put to it, and, e could not fight, and usually got willingness to try was admitted as 'n his favour, a bold, bouncing girl with reddish gcheeks, and round, strong limbs, a Iked in loud, familiar tones with the ughed as uproariously as any, but had My spirit that enforced respect withy courted Elbe, even No-Account, but rted her in so casual a way as the native. Bill's casualness rather ; she used to wonder if there was any in it after all, and tried to stir him es and gibes.but without the slightest Account could not be hurried. Effie ere, No-V<niit. whatever brings you tandin' on leg like a sick hen ?" said No-.-\ 'count solemnly, or goodness ^ke, get out of a body's are," said 1 hooking dah. t, after t!;-. wcards, i is it had i . "ingly sta: ••>-Account, shifting his 'iself to some other part i'-'-u had spent a rather name of Effie Morgan n done. Dwyer boldly the seriousness of his ermatrim. jieself," saidTedLean. ,iY darfcr "Glover. said Ch)•;•< ;-.,,>it)] ere!" f rm , 0,0,1 •hink niuci. you coves' chances," blandly. think oi' > ain't got; quid on it. 'ty' mused Chris Smith, show." ( 'ied Lean. id Dwyer • of it, a y-'y make a bloomin' oopthe ;.y- quid in, and the 'ear! Goo! turned <r: s were >hv : - eir pockets, and the s a record v y into a hat, whilst fit had m m restedsort^/f'. ,ie n pi ' OCC ® dm in a K? 1 1 ashed h V/CV ; ild when a11 ^e two dirt v ;; - " r J^Cr0SS the hufc ' \- reeled So a;-:V;;" lotne P° 01 -A yell " Oh, come, you don't want to throw your money away like that, 'Count," said (jlover. " It's all a gamble, an' I mean to be in it," said No Account. Then followed a siege of the heart of Effie Morgan, in which all the hands exhibited a burning zeal, excepting only No-Account, who simply lounged around as usual, with his pale blue eyes fixed upon Effie in a calmly appreciative way. A week of terrible heat was followed by bushfires that devastated all the country to the north-west, and then one afternoon a slight change of wind brought the fire roaring down upon the Ti-Tree run. No-Account was away from the station at the time, but the other men had a terrible long fight to save the homestead and the sheds, and in the midst of the excitement came the report that Effie Morgan had ridden across to Bernard Coy's in the morning to visit the girls, and that there was a big chance of her having been caught in the march of the fire during her return journey. One of her brothers had ridden off, daring all, to make, sure of his sister's fate, and a terrible time followed on Ti-Tree; an agony of fear possessed Mary's people, and her admirers amongst the men felt the pain of anxiety no less keenly. But toAvards four o'clock Effie was seen riding in from the west, not on her own little black mare, but on thp raking bay on which No- Account had left the homestead in the morning. There was a rush to Effie's side, and she was lifted from the saddle in a half-fainting condition. Her face was blackened with smoke, grey ash powdered her dark hair, and her hands were blistered and her dress burnt in many places. They pressed her with questions, but dry sobs broke from her bosom, shaking her with the pain of blows, and the only words she spoke were of No-Account. " He's dead ! He's dead !" she cried. " He gave me his horse, and stayed to be burnt." "For God's sake, Effie, tell us what has happened !" cried her father. " Out on the side of Camel Hill. He's burnt to death—burnt—burnt!" Ths girl was distracted; her eyes had the light of a terror that was almost madness. "With returning strength she began to reproach herself hysterically. " I left him to die—left him alone, and rode away! Oh, the shame! Oh, the cowardly, cowardly thing ! I'm not fit to live, or I would never have done the cowardly thing !" Tears flooded the girl's eyes, and she wept bitterly for many minutes, after which she was able to tell her story with more coherency. " I was riding from Coy's when the fire came down upon me. Bess took fright, and bolted towaids the range, and I could do nothing wit# her. I was helpless. She was taking me towajrcLfc--; the thick of the fire, and I could only pray to Go4 f to have mercy on my poor soul. But I heatdv,a^ shout behind, and turned and saw No-Account riding after me. He was getting everything out of the big bay, and after a race of about a mile came up with a rush, but the horses collided, and we all fell. My mare's neck was broken, but the bay was not'hurt. He was standing by No-Account, who was leaning against a tree when I got up from the ground. No-Account insisted on my mounting the bay, and making a rush for home. He said he'd be safe, that he'd climb to a place he knew of on Camel Hill where the fire couldn't reach him, But I knew he lied— he lied to save me, and I was a coward, and took his horse and rode for my miserable life. He is out there—dead!" All eyes turned in the direction of Camel Hill, up the slopes of which the great flames were leaping, and over which rolled an immensity of smoke. Nothing could be done just then, and when at length the search party started out to gather up the ashes of No-Account they met Effie's brother Dick returning, leading his horse, upon which lay something face down upon the nag's neck, something that might have been a man, but was black and burnt and almost naked. The figure was that of No-Account. " His leg's broke," said Dick. " He must a' had a fall from his horse. I found him on Camel Hill. The horse was dead an' burnt bare to the skin. He'd taken the inside out the beast, an' saved himself from the fire in the carcase, first havin' cleared away all the dry grass an' fallen timber that was anywhere near it. He's had a terrible time, but he's alive." No-Account had hidden from Effie the fact that his leg was broken in order to induce her to leave him. He was carried to the hospital at a distant tow, and it was many months later that Effie, looking up from her work, discovered her hero lounging in his old familiar attitude against one of the verandah posts and regarding her with his oft-remembered expression of mild appreciation. The return was unexpected, and the long spell indoors had greatly altered No- Account ; nis skin was as clear as a girl's— Effie thought him wonderfully handsome. She went towards him with two outstretched hands, and streaming eyes: "Oh, 'Count r she said. "How de do, Effie?" said No - Account •casually. But the girl had clasped his arm, and was leaning against his shoulder expressing her gratitude with tears and broken words. ' No-Account was horribly confused; he had hoped she would have forgotten all about that business. He was a bashful man, and wished Effie would only let him take her gratitude for granted. He had a delicacy, too, about making love to her under the circumstances; it might seem like presuming upon her feelings and upon the service he had done her. Effie felt his constraint, and clasped him closer, . and wept a little more vehemently. "I wish you hadn't saved me at all if you don't love me," she sobbed. That put a very different complexion on affairs, of course, and for a diffident and awkward man No-Account's love-making was decidedly passionate and effective. No-Account claimed the sweepstake in the hut that night, and It was paid over without a murmur, Dwyer declaring that the best man had won; but Bill Spring is still called No-Account up at Ti- Tree. 