DESrRUCTIVE FIRE AT ALBURY. A MAN MISSING. ALBURY Fnrlrtv A fire broke out on Stony Park yosterduy and spread with great rapidity, forcing its way to the eiiBt, travelling m the direction of Albury. Last night it reached Splitter's Crook, burning thiougl» Ottlipp's farm, Osborne'« land, and tliunco towards Howlong, also spreadmg lu the direction of Ilight'a Forest aud Jindera. It is reportod that tho following »oro tho priucipai sufferers :-Mr. tthealiy, Moor warthu, who loat "100 uurca and a quantity of fen« cing , Mr. J. Collis, Moorwathu, who lost every« thing, including machinery, only u waggon being saved ; Wir. T. Shepherd, OUI) bags of wheat, urusu, and fouciug, Mi. Neilson, Bungowamah, house and everything complotely burnt out, Mr. Giles Cnroy, Bungowamah, a lnrge urea of grass ; Mesara Chambers Brothers, sheer grass, and fencing. The Uro on Jindera si Je burnt right up to th» outskirts of the town, und croa<etl the Albnry-road li miles out. It was Bloppoa here, the road being a great help in chocking tho flames. Much damage was doue in the country at the back of the township, anti Mossis. Barthch, A. Schul/, H. Kahns, W. Barnes, G. Yousch, We«tendorfï, Breeze, flirte, and Lovott suffered extensively. It i« roported that Mesura Grosse and Uarthch lost uverything, including thuir homesteads. Tho Uro is Btated to luve broken out nfreah, and to be going- in tho direction of Wea. (endoiff'a. A report from Jindora biivs a bushfire surrounded Jindera lost night. Up to tho present ioma ternbla disasters liovo occurred, and many people are house. Ibbs and homeless. By the greatoat uxertiou« the. Publie school buildings were saved at tho risk of life. A farmer named Singer in endeavouring to save his bouse was severely burned. A young man named Smith went oui lo remove «took aud has not re- turned. It ia feared that he ha« perished. Mr. August Smith lost 400 bags of wheat, machinery, and jugs. Three German farmers named Bneat wore burnt out. _ CARGO, Finlay. A bush fire started only about four miles front hero, sweeping towards the Cauoblas. Uno farm- house rented by L. Davis was completely burnt out The heat to-day registered 102'. CASSILIS, Friday. Tho heat of the past few days has beou most op« presiive. It was 100' in the ehudo to-day. The countiy is looking very dry, food is getting «curco, and the shortage of water supply is causing con- siderable anxiety to stockownets. COOLAMON, Friday. The heat is intense. Yesterday the tliermomolst registered 1 IS* in the shado DENILIQUIN, Fndiy. A large bush fire occuired during the week at Boonoke, Nuckawidgee, anti Buobula «tution«, de- stroying 7000 acres of grans lind burning 16 tüegraph polos, which temporarily destroyed telegraphic com- munication. Auother fire was reported near Finley, destroying 3O0O acre« of grata. 