SERIOUS BUSH-FIRES IN VICTORIA. o (By ELErrar TxraoBLH .) (FRno OUB oWN oonsBPONDRE.) MzrLsouw s, February 7. Bfsrous bsh-fires are causing great damage In the Branuholme distriet to-day. A mao named Charles M'Intosh was burnt to death, and several others were Injured, while the whole district is devastated. The fire travelled at a terrifio rate. Stook uffered severely, and the grass, fences, outhouses, staoks, heds, and grain were all demolished. At Oondh the Boman Catholio chapel and several houses were destroyed, and the railway bridges and oul. verts were demolished. Disastrous fires are also raging In the Boarsdale distriot. The residents of Warr nambool had an anxious time to.night, as the flames came right up to the outskirts of the town and demolished five houses. In' the Alexandra distriot the flames swept over a large area, levelling everything in the way. The Sydney express, between Avenel and Longwood, had to pass through many miles of burningoonatry. Much de strnotion has been done about Buninyong, where the grase, horses and cattle, were destroyed, and it s feared some human lives have been lost. A strong gale car rled a solid wall of fire owards Loawood, and the residente gathered their valuables together, which they placed in buggies for removal, but a change in the wind carried the fire on either aide of the town. Marmnons, February 8. Bosh fires continue to rage at Berragarra, In the Colso distrit. To-day 1000 aeres of grae were destroyed, as well as the fencing on five homesteads. Four boys who were ernaged in fighting the flames were burnt to death, and several people injured. Mr. W. Anthony, of Busby Park, lost all the grss on the estate, with 800 sheep and some eattle. At Yoemant a lad named Kingwell was dreadfully brnt, and subsequently saoeumbed. On the Yoedale proprietary property all the gras and fenolog were licked up by the fir, and the bomestead, woolshed, and other build Ing destroyed. The f? ,ame raging down on Berre arr at a terrfiB rate, and sveral houses were etroyed. In one eaee a family were eaved by being placed In a tk. The fire mumed the river sad did a large amount of damage at Studbrook, the largehooes and stables, and all the vehioles, being de stroyed, and 15 horses burnt to death. Five men who were trying to prevent the advance of fiqlen &rbarenotell; to theOola H d. Many narow esepesaarebserobd ;::',: On Thursdey night three little boys weree ported missing, and the hbarred remains of two of them, sons of Mr. John MC'Ollum, have been diseovered. 