THE LATE BUSHFIRES FULL DETAILS. IMMENSE DAMAGE. A LIST OF THE SUFFERERS. A SOURCE OF DANGER. INFLAMMABLE RUBBISH ON THE ROADS. GOOD OUT OF EVIL. HARBOUR FOR VERMIN DESTROYED. (BY OUR SPECIAL REPORTER.) About 2 p.m. on Thursday last clouds of smoke were noticed from Jindera in the direction of Moorwatha, and at the rate the fire appeared to spread soon attracted the attention of the Jinderaites. Horesmen came galloping into town for assistance to go out and fight the fire as it had reached Elm Park and Burdock's. A strong wind rose up and the fire travelled towards the Albury common with race horse speed, but was arrested for a while at J. G. L. Briese's (Niedick's old farm) by fire breaks. About 10 p.m. a hurricane duststorm came along and everyone had to gallop for their own safety. The fire fairly flew, devasitating everything in front of it until it reached the Uraua-road. giving the fire-fighters a chance to stop it. Then it blew over the Albury-Urana road at the 11½mile post into Mr G. Yensch's and destroyed about 60 acres of grass, a large stack of straw, garden fences, and portion of the orchard, and it was a miracle that the whole of the homestead was saved. Miss Yensch and her mother rushed to the pump and kept water on the portions nearest the sheds. But this is only one of the many who experienced this fire— the largest ever seen here since the first settlement in Jindera. The fire is supposed to have started in the lane close to Messrs. M Ziebert's and Lavis's, at Moorwatha, Peard's old farm. Some teamsters had lit a fire to boil the billy for dinner, and the fire was left supposed to be out, but the wind fanned some sticks that were still alight, and the fire started, burning J. Collis's (half-share farmer) machinery, 360 bags wheat, 80 bags of barley, two sticks of hay, sheds, tools, &c.; This is one of the worst cases. The fol lowing is a list of sufferers by the fires— E. Lavis, 40 acres of grass, about three-quavers of a mile of fencing, 10 bags wheat; Mr J. Dunn, Weebo-park, 2000 acres grass, 15 miles of fenc ing; Mr W. Cary, something over 1000 acres of grass, some 13 miles of fencing, and five head of cattle severely burnt, a young bull having one horn burnt and eyes and rump scorched. Mr Cary did not intend to try to keep them, but said he would shoot them out of misery. Mr G Gary, 2000 acres grass and 15 mites of fencing. This is a big loss as Mr Cary has a lot of stock and only a small paddock to keep them. Mr J. Bellamy, 20 acres, some fencing, saved home stead. Mr. Neilson lost 250 acres grass, 190 bags wheat, 1½ tons hay, seed sower, tools, five miles fencing, and woolshed. This was a sad case, as Mr Neilson was ill in bed, and only the wife and daughter to do anything. The dwelling took fire, and was with difficulty saved. Mr T. Shipard, 40 acres grass, half young orchard, two pigs, two miles fencing. Mr C. A. Schmidt, Willow Grove (Ridley's old home), 820 acres grass, eight miles fencing, 250 bags wheat, five sheep. This includes Mr Schmidt's holding at Jindera. He has only 80 acres of grass (poor at that) to feed his stock. All the homestead, winter chaff, and the large orchard is destroyed at Willow Grove. Mr G. Scholz (Bassett's old farm, Dam Creek), 500 acres grass, five miles fencing, J. G. L. Briese (Neideck's old farm), 1000 acres grass, 10 miles fencing. Mr Palmer, Dam Creek, large area of grass and fencing; Messrs. Dodwell and Grieve, all grass and fencing from Dight's Dam to Ortlipp's, Splitter's Greek. Mr C. Singe, homestead, ma chinery, 500 acres grass, fencing, clothing, buggy, waggon, two pigs, calf, dog, and poultry. Mr Paul Singe (who was living with his father), lost his furniture, clothing, and buggy. Messrs F. Lovett and J. Keighran, grass and fencing. Mr P. C. Wagner, 400 acres grass and 4 miles of fencing. Mr E Grosse, 600 acres grass and 5 miles fencing. Mr T. A. Briese, 900 acres, and about 7 mile of fencing. Mr E. Bartsch, about 400 acres grass and 2 miles fencing. Mr Adolf Scholz, 400 acres grass and 1 mile fencing. Mr W. Barnes, Jindera butcher, 100 acres grass (Pastor Weise's large paddock)and fencing. Mr Heinrich, grass (Kuchel's paddock) and fencing. H. Kalms, 1500 acres grass, 10 miles fencing; only his homestead saved, and he has to feed the horses and cows for immediate use. Fred Briese's case is a hard one, only the home stead and one old stripper being saved. Mr Briese had been away fighting the fire, and was at last compelled to run for home, only to see all his sheds, &c.;, burning. His losses were - one stripper, two winnowers, one binder, culti- vator, chaffcutter, horseworks, circular saw, sulky and harness, 430 bags wheat, 400 new bags, 850 acres grass, 10 miles fencing, harness for 18 horses, buggy harness &c.; C. A. H. Burdock, 1400 acres grass and nine miles of fencing. Mr A. Westendorf, Elm Park, 2500 acres grass and seven or eight miles of fencing. Mr C. Westendorf, Carlsburg, 200 acres grass and two miles of fencing. Ferdi- nand Schulz, 30 acres grass and some fencing. Mr John Kranz (Huon), 400 acres grass, large straw stack, about one mile fencing. Mr John Barlow (Hovell), 400 acres grass, about three miles fencing, some sheep badly burnt. Mr T. Anderson, 330 acres grass, about four miles fencing. Mr John Jarrack, 150 acres grass, about half-mile fencing. Mr George, 400 acres grass and some fencing. Mr W. Turner, (Stony Park, Donnelly's Hills), 4000 acres grass and about 20 miles fencing; all the stock had to be removed. Mr T. Lynch (Hovell), 160 acres grass, about one mile fencing. Mr C. Hall, 200 acres grass and some fencing. Mrs Linder (Moorwatha), 400 acres grass, two miles fencing. Mr August Just, 230 acres grass and some fencing. All the country is burnt from Mr August Linder's Springvale (Burrumbuttock-road) and across to the Major's Creek, all Donnelly's hills, extending towards Moorwatha to Peard's selec- tion; then in a south-east direction to Dight's dam, across Rocky Creek, Dam Creek, and Dight's Hills to Splitters' Creek; thence back to Dight's Forest (now Jindera); thence from the Four- mile Creek, back to Springvale along the hills parallel with the Albury-Urana road, laying waste 35,000 acres and a number of home steads and fencing which has taken years to build up. This fire could have been stayed in many places but for the public roads and lanes, the scrub and saplings on which are allowed to grow and accumulate rubbish, and as soon as the fire got there the slightest wind carried the leaves yards. The farmerscomplain that they cannot cut this stuff down for fear of prosecution. I think it would be a benefit to the public if land owners were allowed to keep this pest down. The fire, although disastrous in many cases, did mudh good in clearing harbours for rabbits, and destroyed miles of old, useless brush fences. It was fortunate most of the farmers had collected their grain out of the paddocks, as well as blown chaff, straw, &c; , for winter feed. It has been an improvement to the land. One individual had a lot of timber pulled down ready to burn when the law would allow, but the fire set it all going, so that the one interested went along and assisted in properly firing anything that the fire missed, A good downfall of rain now would greatly assist to ease the trouble. Messrs Mitchell (The Olives), M. Ziebert (Moor watha), and George (Hovell) did much useful work with their fire pumps. I am told that with 200 gallons of water three men can put out in ordinary grass land three miles of fire. If this is true all who can afford it should get them, or neighbours joining could procure one between them, as it would have been well if there had been a few on this side of the fire. However, it is a lesson, and no doubt landowners will in future attend to preventatives against a re currence of this lamentable fire. It will be re membered by all who came in contact with it to the end of their days. Mr T. Cross sent a wire to Sir W. Lyne with a view of assistance in bad cases. The following reply was received : — 'Will send officer.' A light shower of rain fell, but indications points to a good fall before night. Tuesday, February 12. Mr Jas. Johnston of the Public Works Depart ment arrived at Mr Cross's to-day to inspect the burnt-out settlers, with a view of giving some aid. 