AND "WHAT IS DONE WITH IT. Lord Rothschild has presented to the New Zealand Government two Shxre | horses, worth £1500. In a report to the Indiana Experiment Station, U.S.A., mention is made of | foods that are liable to he injurious to pigs, and even to cause death. The most notable of these is the beard of barley or bearded wheat, by which many pigs have been killed when turned on to stubble. Eaters of oatmeal, like drinkers of beer, have reason now, owing to the in vestigations of scientists, to look askance at the bowl. It has recently been dis covered that the unpleasant " tacky' flavor in some oatmeals is- caused by the presence of tannin in the oats, which is a poison. Irish oats are said to contain less tannin than Scotch or English oats, and these, again, much less than foreign | oats. , The use of clover as feed and fertiliser | extends back for over 2000 years—yet (writes the " Australasian ") there are | still farmers who know little about it. The clover, in rotation, keeps up the fertility of the farm, and provides for the | manufacture of meat or milk. Somehow, of late years, the agricultural writers have stopped talking about clover—as though the time had come to lay this good friend aside with the dust covered relics of old days. _ A great crop of fruit has been obtained | this season from the Frimley orchard, Hastings, New Zealand. The peach trees have borne splendidly, and as much as £15 worth of fruit has been taken off one tree. The apples also promise well. An additional 70 acres of peaches are ' being planted, whioh will make this, the "Canterbury Times" adds, the largest peach orchard in Australasia. Always keep the calf pens dry and clean, UBing plenty of litter. A dirty | pen, writes the " Australasian," is con ducive of scours. For several calves fed together, fit up narrow stalls at one side of the pen, and fasten each calf by a rope or stanchion to feed each separately. This will prevent the stronger calves from getting more than their share. Keep | them fastened or tied up for half an hour after eating to prevent them from suck* ing each others' ears. The pails used for feeding milk should be thoroughly oleaned and scalded with boiling water each day. The dairying industry in the Euroa district is receiving a considerable check owing to the impossibility of obtaining hired labor on the farms. During last year, writes the " Ovens and Murray Advertiser," one auctioneer alone held 11 ] clearing sales of dairy stock for farmers who were forced to sell their cows and go in for sheep, because of the difficulty in securing labor. The experiences of | other salesmen ate similar to the in stances quoted. The expansion of the industry is being largely checked from | this cause. " Our Government Geologist, Mr H. Y. L. Brown, tho Adelaide " Observer " remarks, " who revels in the hot, dry sandhills and barren tablelands of desert | Australia, is back from his search for deposits of phosphates in the interior. When this great reserved officer says a thing is to be found he is generally right. | He located water at Tarcoola where every one else said it could not be tapped, and now he has brought to Adelaide speci mens of phosphates from the banks of the | Diamantina, where he expected to find them. He had a novel experience this , time, for floods prevented the completion of his mission. He wanted to | search the dry bed of the Diamantina, and when he got there the channel was in full flood, and every place he hoped to find as dry as the stuff he was looking for was many feet under water. Still Mr Brown secured in several localities satis factory indications of the presence of phosphate beds, and he has defined places where future investigations can be carried on without there being any necessity for his revisiting the spot. The geologist, in a little over two months, traversed 549 miles on a camel, and brought back with him bones of alligators, turtles, dipro todons and some new species." Another large tract of country for merly held under pastoral lease has been made available by tho Minister of Lands, i under section 29 ot the Laud Act 1898. The area comprises 27,000 acres in the | parish of Yalmy, Gippsland. It consists for the most part of third class land, and the officers of the department believe that it will be readily taken-up under grazing leases. Butter factory companies are at pre* sent getting 140s per cw_t for prime butter, and profits are as big as twelve years ago, when the Government gave an export bonus. The Farnham Com pany sold £24,562 worth of butter in the last six months, and made a profit of £2441 19s 6d. Shareholders got their dividend cheques, at the rate of Beven per cent., and a bonus added of one penny per lb on butter. We have beeu shown, says the Adelaide " Observer," some good samples of | potato onions grown by Mr J, W. Mellor, of Fulham, who has spent much time iu experimenting in the growing this variety of the onion. Mr Mellor Bays this is decidedly the best kind of onion that can be grown, on account of its many good qualities and adaptability to tbo Australian soil and climate. The variety takes its name from the fact that it produces its increase in the ground somewhat like the potato, and does not go to seed, as is usually the case | with the common onion, especially should i the season turn out dry, which has been the case here of late. The potato ] onion is an exceptionally good keeper, and decidedly mild in flavor, making it a delicious vegetable for the table. Mr Mellor bas had the onions up to one pound each, but the general size would average about 6oz. In propagating the plant is secured by putting in the bulb itself, whioh increases from about half an ounce to the required size. Larger ones plnnted again, burst in growing, and | produce as many as 20 and 25 onions, some of fairly good size, while the small progeny is planted again. " Seeing the account of a meeting held at Marshland with regard to a shipment of onions made to England by a number I of growers," writes a Canterbury [ " News " (New Zealand) correspondent, " and not remembering seeing any re- I port of the price obtained in the London market, I do not know if the shipment | was a succes or not; but one speaker in formed the meeting onions could be shipped to London. Yes, if properly grown; but not as grown here. The usual way in England is for the ground to be well manured, and it is then man harrowed and rolled. The seed is al ways sown on tho roll nnd then rolled down, never drilled as here, and then the crop is haud-hoed and kept clean. The hoes run from two inches to four, so there is plenty of space between the onions. I • think if they were sown in drills to be only a line and not drawn by a hoe, and the seed sown on the surface and rolled down, tho drills about four inches apart and tho crop to be thinned out with a 4-iuch hoe, then the onions would suit the London market. But then there will he a difficulty in placing them on the market in April or May, as | we do not harvest them till March, and they will require a little drying, and will go better in cases left open all | round." The "Whitfield Estate subdivision, writes the " Leader," has not been the great success anticipated. The estate was recently divided, into 34 allotments, ranging in value from £540 to £1250, with the exception of the homestead blook, on which a substantial dwelling house is ereoted. This is valued at £2000. For the most part the land is of good quality, and is iutersected by the narrow gauge railway from "Wangaratta to Whitfield. Those who advocated its purohase by the State asserted that there would be a great rush to secure blocks, but this has scarcely been the oase. Seventy-four applications from 33 ap plicants have been received for 24 lots, leaving 10 unapplied for. When the claims come to be dealt with, however, those who fail to secure the blocks for which they have applied will be given the option of taking others. The stock branch of the Queensland Agricultural department (writes tho " Queenslander ") has been giving con sideration to the question of the Govern ment branding of meat, and recently tried an apparatus for burning the stamp into the meat, submitted by Carl Zoeller and Co. This was found not altogether practicable. Mr Zoeller then made in quiries of his agents at Berlin as to the methods adopted in Germany, and has received samples of an indelible marking ink, made by F. and M. Lautenschlager, of Berlin, and used largely for branding pork. The ink is said not to injure the meat in any way, and has been tried at Eagle Farm, by Mr Quinnell, Govern ment inspector. It is practically im possible to erase it, and the system of branding, if widely followed as in Gers many and America, will, it is hoped, be of great assistance, as showing whether or not meat has been inspeoted by the Government officer. The Minister for Agriculture (Mr Morrissey) a few days ago called for a report from Mr K. Dubois, the Govern ment viticultural expert, on the question of the number of phylloxera-resistant vines available this year for distribution among vine-growers. In his reply, Mr Dubois states that there will be 150,000 rootlings and 300,000 cuttings available this year. East year the department distributed about 4800 rootlings and 110,000 outtings. Many of these were planted too late, and did not strike. It is the intention of the department, there fore, to get the vines sent out earlier this year, and no application will be re ceived after July 1st. The vines will be distributed pro rata, according to the date of application, and the first con sideration will be given to those whose vineyards have been uprooted under the Vines Diseases Act. The "Australasian" writes;—The anticipations of a highly fnvorable autumn that were indulged in early last month have so far not been realised. The weather continues warm and dry, and last week there were numerous bush fires all over the country. Water famines are reported from many parts, not only in the north west, whore water is scarcely ever plentiful, but from several locatities in the centre of the State. In many places the pastures, though not short, are extremely dry, aud ram is anxiously looked for. With a good downfall early this month the pastures would be in excellent condition before the weather beoame cold enough to check the growth of the grass. In a lecture on wheats and manures, delivered at t^trathaloyn lately, Professor Eowrie stated that he has under his notice 150 crossed wheats. After long trials, he had narrowed them down to four, although there was hope for one or two others. He had not yet published the results he bad obtained, as he was not certain that the types were fixed. The lesson learned from the study of manures was that generally speaking, the money best spent on manure was that spent in a 6imple phosphatic manure. It was far better to use 2cwt than lcwt per acre. When the land all over the State was sufficiently and intel ligently worked—and that" time was rapidly coming—when the results from wheat were baoked up by a nice little flock of sheep on every farm over u large part of the State, and by herds of dairy cows over the more favored parts, they would be coming nearer the capacity of South Australia. At the present time they were a long way from it. About theflower garden the '• Leader" writes:—A large number of hardy shrubs and trees that are propagated in pots may now be planted out, for even should the soil again become dry, very little trouble in watering is likely to bo caused at this season of the year. Shrubs in the open ground that have ceased to grow may also be transplanted, otherwise the warmth and moisture of the soil might start them into fresh growth, to their disadvantage. In the arrangement of shrubs and trees, a list of the most desir able sorts should be mnde. If the number is sufficient to fill the ground to be planted, they should be arranged according to size, form and color. If two or three of each, or any of the sorts, are required, these should be planted, together, forming a group, and not mixed singly with the others, an arrangement which produces a bad effect, causing raopotony and injuring the in terest felt in finding something different at every stage of progress. Lose no time in finishing the sowing of hardy annuals, now that the soil is in better condition, and pansies and other more delicate spring flowers that have been nursed in a reserve garden through the summer may also be removed, and planted in their places in the flower garden. Take precautions, as previously advised, to check the ravages of snails amongst tender herbaceous plants. As most of the summer flowering plants have now passed their blooming period, thev may be removed to the background, and their places filled by those that flower in the winter, which should have all the care that can be bestowed on them, especially as they have been, as is too often the ease, atinted for room. Allow them ample space to expand properly, and a sufficiency of air and light. Climbers on the roof, if past bloomiug, should be pruned as much as can be done without injury, and the glass should be kept clean. Many of the early caladium, achinimes and gloxiuius should now be ready for storing out of the way, and afford an increase of space to the others. Boxes of bulbs and shrubs may now be prepared for winter by filling them with the most dwarfed shrubs that can be obtained, intermixed with hyacinths and other bulbs. Chinese primulas, cinerarias aud calceolarias in frames must have enlarged space as they advanoe. Pinch the flowers off the plants of the primulas wanted to bloom late. Earliest cinerarias may be removed to the green house. Water must bo given sparingly as the beat of the sun declines and the atmosphero becomes more humid. Waterlogged plants should bo repotted or stood out in the sunshine for a few hours. 