METROPOLITAN MEMORANDA. [Br Autolycos.] u A. snapper-np of unconsidered trifles." The Premier has ■ had the virtue to repent an i the energy to atone. The people of Adelaide arc to see the visiting Imperii! troopa under the very best auricles, an 1 Monday is to be quite a gala day in the city, [The celebration lias been post poned for a few days, owing to file delay of the soMiers in New Zealand.—Ej> j The delay which has taken place has really been a good thing, for the function n-xt week will serve a double purpose. It will enable Adelaide to make a big splash over the proclamation of the King and so to secure a fine advertisement, which is after alt the chief requirement of the situation. Then it will give a proper opportunity to 1 lie people of witnessing the Composite Contingent in ail their poinp and panoply. Without the excuse of some such ceremony we should have had no parade and no band- playing on the day of their sojourn with us, and that would have been a terrible deprivation. All things considered, therefore, the people owe a debt of gratitude to the Advertiser for gently stirring up the Prime Minister, who does not take naturally to spectacular display. He is a modest person, but too much humility does not do at a time when competitors are doing their best to monopolise public attention. Adelaide in the past has been altogether too retiring, and South Australia has shown a tendency-to look on the dark aide of events, hut in future we must be a little more self* assertive or we shall be entirely eclipsed by ilie pushing peoples of the Beet. My own impression is that our federal members will do much to keep this State before the notice of those who take an interest in Parliamentary affairs. Our ten delegates to the Convention were acknow-1 ledeed in all the neighboring colonies to be the best of the lot, taken as a whole, and if the electors exercise proper care our Senators and representatives should all be good, strong men, for there will be plenty of excellent material to select from, and as every i adult has a vote the people will only have | themselves to blame if they make a bad | choice. A third of the electors of South ; Australia live within sound of the Post-office i chimes, but that third is just as much split up into parlies us are the few outside, so that it is absurd to suggest that Adelaide will control the result. At Convention time it was the provinces who scored the biggest successes, I and they can do so again if they will but stick together and vote straight. South Australia will vote as one constituency, and lie ruling principle on the occasion should v* l!» • j»»vot of the State as a whole. We. *mil go-id, loyal, energetic, and courageou men who —s> far as it is possible fo diiiciaus to do so—will put their person d ■id party ambitions in tlie background a-nl out fo'Ui all their streugLh on behalf «>( South Australia. Naturally, other things eing equal, we inu-,t vote (or men of our wn views, but weak-shilly-shally persons ho for the sake of office and pay will let the State's interest drop into oblivion are no good to anyone. Mount Barter should arrange a littl%» uroelnmafiou ceremony of its own for Monday. No doubl as many as can will take advantage of the excursion fares and come to town to see the gorgeously-apparelled Imperial troops and to take pari in the more distinguished d inonstration here, but everybody cannot j >111 in the day's exodus. In Victoria on proclamation day many centres of far less importance than that of vour prrlty town had ceremonies all to them selves, and why should not you and all the prosperous place? of the South do likewise? The State School children are sure to hare a holiday, and I hey will be glad of the chance to show themselves in their finest clothes and to join in " (rod Save the King! " while it will be easy enough to get some prominent personage to read the official document. You hare even a cannon wherewith to fire salutes if you desire to be absolutely correct in all particulars. Every governing body in the State sent a message of condolence in respect to the death of the Queen, anJ it will be quite as simple a matter for them to arrange for the formal honoring of the King's accession to the throne. The terrible bushfires which have devastated the Mount pleasant district and localities nearer to you have caused a feeling of witiesured regret for the damage done and universal sympathy with the sufferers. Twenty years ago these confi-tgralioos occuire 1 us regularly as summer itself, but in those days they were generally subdued before they had 'one very much damage. The 1 wo lme*i firri «l Moum1 I'iensaut huve been woefully disastrous an 1 that of last week is 1 worst of all. I here seems to be no mesitt-4.f preventing either the outbreak or the spread of the flames. Winterer may haporn «d-ewln-rt\ the railway cunnol be blauied for i)i* Mount PieiS'iiU fi«-es, and it is very hard to believe that even the m04t depraved person would wiifully set light to the grass. Evidently it will be necessary for the owners of stock to tike very carefully into consideration the beat method of minimising the risks they run, especidly in good acasuns, when the herbage is rank. In ships a sysLem of water-light compliments has been, devised to prevent one leak flooding the whole vessel. Is it not possible to adopt a -plan of isolation blocks by which rigorous fire-lighters—and the assistance of scores of intelligent men is Dearly always available—can confine a conflagration to a section of Lhe paddock in which it breaks out, or at least to the piddoek itself? Grass usually springs up quickly eflerafire, especially if u licary rain fulls, but wlien the stock hare been burnt feed fees its value. All the States hare suffered alike from fires during the last week or two, but the general character of (he loss does not render it any easier for individuals to bear it, while it does suggest that there should be some systematic attempt 1o organize means of combatting the trouble when it makes its appearance; at least it ehould be possible to so safeguard homesteads and other buildings as to save ihem from destruction. These visitations are so frequent (hat the wisdom and experience should serve to suggest at least a partial remedy. Nilurally when bushfires do come they choose the most fertile localities. The Fifth Contingent are off and away, and a Sixth.is. already being talked of. This time the Imperial Government pay the expenses, and all we do is to provide the flesh and blood, which is quite enough. The corps which has gone in the Ormrzrn will arrive in-South Africa about Saturday, March 9, and they will bare a very crowded voyage, for the troopship has little space to spare for each passenger, and she is filled with horses on the upper decks, to sBy nothing of the : sheep which are yarded on the quarter-deck. 1 he inarch through Adelaide streets last Friday was successful in a certain sombre fashion, and at the luncheon all manner of complimentary things were said, while the final farewell at Port Adelaide was ail thai could be desired. The streets of the Port were crowded to eee the procession to the wharf, and the riverside was also thickly lined with people to bid the Contingent good-bye, while the Tatala was nearly sub merged by her human freight, and oilier steamers which followed the big transport down to the anchorage were equally well patronized. I went off in the Customs boat with intent to see the last of the Ormazan, butahedropt anchor in Largs Bay for the nifflit. Excellent judges say tbat the Fifth Contingent, as it is the largest, is also the best to be despatched to the war, and certainly the men who pressed to the bulwarks to take a tender leave of llicir friends in the accompanying steamers looked a fine set of young fellows. They were hilarious enough, and evidently considered the trip from Llie point of view of its attractiveness and not of its dangers or its monotonies, which I suppose is just as well, for if a man dwelt too much on his chance of being shot by the Boers or knocked over by typhoid he would not -go forward with much confidence. With the first of South Australians contingents Lord Tennyson sent his aide-de-camp, Captain Lascelles, to the war. This lime Captain Maurice goes from Government House to the battlefield. The former was a six-footer, strong and seasoned. Captain Maurice is a small, delicate-looking j man, who wears spectacles, and his1 appearance suggests the student rather than the soldier. Given good luck and a favorab'e passage and the Ormaz&n; should be the first of the present fleet of Australian troop ships to land her men in South Africa. This is the first time the South Australians have had a steamer all to themselves, but as there are a- good many old campaigners amoog the contingent they will be able to make the beat of their four weeks nn the way across. Lieulenaut Roberts, M.P., had rooch to do with the training of the soldiers in camp, and he made a most efficient adjutant, but he drew the line at the Semaphore, although he was subjected to much pressure in order to persuade him to go all tlie way. The South Australians now in the field seem to hare beeu completely swallowed up in the veldt, for we hear very little of them >rf indeed, anyone else on aclire service— just now. Aa compared with ltio*-~from the other States oar men hare got through their fighting very well, for few hare been killed or wounded, while the death roll from disease is s*nalL Those who hare returned for the most part seem rather better than worse for their experiences, and the fact that so many hare volunteered for service again tiliows that the stories of hardship, of which much was heard at the outset of the cumpatga, must litre been greatly exag gerated. A'lflai'h is to he planted with trees, we are lul i. At p esfut it U being thickly planted with telegraph and electric light pole*, wJiirh are not only unsightly —especially the latter —but which necessitate in many instances the disfigurement or destruction of the few trees which are already to be seen in the city. Some day, Sir Charles Todd hopes, the telephone wires will be carried by meaus of underground cables, and in the central city the electric light service U kept out of the way in that manner. It is a pity that the City Council did not insist upon a similar method being adopted right through the metropolis, for not only are the post* extremely ugly, but in the case of a collapse the wires are dangerous to life. Several fatal accidents have been caused by contact with them in the eastern cilice, to say nothing of Europe aod America. A syndicate, however, always has the best of matter* in Adelaide. The small shopkeeper* who want the Early Closing Act run in their interests voted against Mr. Bobinsnn on Saturday, and en did the blockers, who wish to be allowed lo obtain tbe fee-simple of their holdings. That was enough to account for some hundred* of his opponent's majority, apart from the fact that Mr. Robinson is by no means popular, even with his own party. A really strong Liberal, if he had had the support of the Labor organization, would do much.belter in the Central District. I presume that Mr.! Parson* will not now stand for the Federal! Senate, but will be content to give the benefit! of hi* voice and his vote to the Conservatives j in the Council, although he is in most matter* i Liberal enough in his views and is in every thing a cultured gentleman. It i* significant that considerably less than half the elector* on the roll took the trouble to exercise their franchise, which shows how little interest most people had in the result of the contest. 