t'lie Fiscal Policy of the Barton Ministry. It is only natuial that the policy of the first Ministty of Federated Australia should be awaited with more than ordi nary interest, though most people who have paid any attention to the scQpe of the Constitution that binds the States together would have a fair idea of what the salient features «f the policy would be. The Constitution incidentally, if not primarily, makes the States and the Commonwealth financially interdependent. The chief source of revenue open to the Com monwealth is that of Customs tlie chief sources of revenue opeu to the States are those from direct taxation and from services rendered through public works, such as railways, waterworks, etc. The Commonwealth has power to raise direct taxation if necessary; the States have been deprived of their chief source of revenue in the Commonwealth taking the Customs over, which virtually means that they arejdeprived of indirect taxation. When times were pros perous the State finances had this prosperity reflected through increased Customs returns, but now the Federal Government will reap this benefit and vice-versa. However, the Customs revenue of the Commonwealth will still be a large factor in the financial condition of the States, as it is provided that after the expenses of the Federal Government are paid the balance re maining is to be divided pro rato among them. The States are therefore interested in the amount derived from Customs duties and in the amount expended upon the Federal Govern ment. The States have the obliga tions still upon them of paying the interest on their national debts, and in a rough calculation State Treasurers generally looked at the amount derived from Customs duties to discharge this annuaL liability; therefore, roughly speaking, the States will, expect to receive back frotn the Commonwealth Government in return for the loss of their Customs duties sufficient at least to pay the interest on their debts. The iufereuce is therefore pretty clear from the tenor of the financial provisions of the Constitution that any Govern ment administering the affairs of the Commonwealth with prudence will have to raise sufficient revenue through the Customs to pay its way without resorting to direct taxation. There can be no doubt if the people of Aus tralia had two Governments levying direct taxation among them it would not only be considered a burden, but it would seriously injure the federal sentiment. Mr, Barton, in the exposi tion of the Ministerial policy at Maitland last week, realized this posi iioa 10 iue ruuesc extent, ana it must be admitted by freetraders as well as protectionists tbat he had to approach the fiscal question in a great measure on lines dictated by the terms of the Constitution as regards the financial compact between the States and the Commonwealth. The issue - Mr. Bar ton put clearly. He had to find a ceitain^ amount of revenue; to a;Gov ernment who desired- to. administer the affairs of the Commonwealth prudently and with due regard .to .federal senti ment he could onlyj think of obtaining revenue" in a normal condition of affairs, by indirect taxation; and that a tariff tmist: be framed which would bring in the amount of revenue re quiTed> Looking at the fiscal policy which should prevail in the Common wealth, and which, it must be admitted is largely dictated by the financial compact ,in the: Common wealth -Con stitution, it does not necessarily mean that the tariff is ■ to be : a prohibitive one—it does not mean that the exe gencies of the occasion allows of no ecope for discussion ' "between the theoretical advocates of freetrade and protection. Though" there" "may be a freetrade policy, there is no such thing as absolute freetrade;.. though there: may be a policy of protection, it does not follow that it should be prohibi tive. Fair-minded-people wbo recpg-; nise the financial -obligations'~ placed upon the CommdnwealtH ^ and "the limited jivenues it has1 of raising revenue recognise that ducing tariff would be better suited to the people of Australia as a whole It is also recognised that ifLa high pro tectionist tariff becomes law"that ifcrwill produce 110 revenue if it has the effect it is anticipated tbat - it should .have; if there is a very low tariff which will be acceptable to ardent-freetraders, there'will be a"similar result. If we have duties on articles which our natural capabilities and environ ments will not permit as to produce or manufacture at rates com mensurate with those ruling in the world's markets then there is nothing to be gained by protecting them. If we can foster enterprise and trade in our midst by giving assistance of a temporary nature through the Cus toms by all means let us do it. We cannot close our eyes to the fact that the bulk of our products have to com pete in the world's markets,and-we must produce as cheaply. Onetime cur exportable products-were-prmci pally restricted to wool and wheat; now they include dairy produce and fruit. The exigences of the "occasion demand that the fiscal policy of the Commonwealth shall be dictated by prudential motives, and in reading between the lines we think that Mr. Barton has thought out the situation on such grounds as "we "have set out. We know there is a strong and enthusiastic body among; freetraders who look upon with much disfavor taxation through the Customs and advocate as a religion taxation upou land. This body no doubt thinks their grand opportunity has come and are moving heaven and earth to put,, ■ their pet political theory into practice! There is another- class of freetrader who believes in freetrade as opposed to: protection, but who favors -a revenue tariff. The bulk of tliis^class believe there is enough taxation4 oh land already, in South Australia at least. We believe this State is the most heavily land taxed of the whole group if we take local taxa tion into account, and it would be unfair for the Commonwealth Government to place an additional land tax on South Australia until the land tax in the other States was equal infrevenne-produeing power. As to\ whether the tariff suggested by Mr. Barton is to be revenue-producing and moderately protective or prohibitively protective and not revenue-producing, it will be necessary to have details before pronouncing an opinion upon it. At present there are no details before the country; and the people can onlv await the development of events while ardent freetraders and protectionists try to educate them. Seeious Illness of the Queen. — The news of the Q wen's illness has ootne as an alarming surprise to Australians as well as to the people in other parts of .her world-wide Empire. The serious condition of Her Majesty was only made -;knowa the people of Great Britaih-^bh Sat turday, and it was not generally known in Australia till Monday morning, though rumors obtained currency in the capitals on Sunday. It is needless to say that 1 the bad news has produced a feeling of the deepest and most profound! sympathy among the people with the royal and illustrious Sovereign who is now while we write hovering between life and death, and a devout and earnest wish u expressed on every hand that her life may be spared to us a little longer. We feel sure that this feeling is not only confined to her subjeofcB, but is world wide. Her Majesty is in residence at Osborne in the Isle of Wight. The cable announcing Her Majesty's serious illness reaohed us about 10 o'olook on Monday morning, and we at once issued an extraordinary with the unwelcome news. Later we received another wire in forming us that the royal patient was in a critical condition and her death was only a question of hours; and during the afternoon we received another cable stating that Her Majesty was worse, that great-weakness was manifest, aud that the power of taking Our Beloved nourishment bad diminished,. Sovereign is now in hBr eighty-second year, and her great age makes the ohanoes of her recovery from suoh a serious att&ok; more remote. We are reluctantly compelled to oonfess that the latest news givea little hope of the calamity of tb"e;British-nation losing the wisest and moBt illustrious monarch the world has known in the historv of nations beiusr averted. Thb Weatheb.—Following the unusually hold and wintry conditions experienced during mast of this month we have had a brief period O1 .warm weather, more seasonable to this'time of the year. From Tuesday last it gradually -warmed up-till on Friday -and Saturday the thermometer gave registers of 100° and over in -the shade. Several bushfires that were burn ing in outside country added to the extreme heat temperature, which for the time .being more than compensated for the oold blasts we have been having. On Saturday evening the wind veered to the south and it gradually became cooler, Sunday was pleasant out of doors. Yesterday gave signs of it warming up again. KiNOHAlG Institute.—The nominations for office-bearers of the Kmoraig Institute to serve daring the year will be received till 8 p.m. on Thursday, January 24. The retiring offioers are .—President, Mr. A. Wallaoe; Vioe- Presideut, Dr. Macmillan; Secretary, Mr. A. Caldwell; Treasurer, MrE. E. Davies; committeemen, Messrs. B. Heggaton, L. Walters, J. Magarey, L. DaGaris, and B. S. Roach. Kingston Agricultural, Pastoral and HoBTiCCLTURAL SOCIETY. — Under date of January 12 our Kingston correspondent writes':" — A meeting of the Kingston Agricultural, Pastoral and Horticultural -.Society;- washeld on' . Saturday last, Mr. 1 J. Gall (President) in the chair. . There was a fairly good attendance. The principal busi ness was to receive the balance- Sheet, which was read and adopted. It showed .an overdraft of £23,^which, however, would be about cleared off by. the Government.subsidy. Towards the close of the meeting, the secretary to the late race meeting stated .that he had a surplus balance of about £6 which would be handed .over for the-purpose of improving tho recrea tion ground'lately purchased by Mr. Gall, and '"that gentleman intimated his. readiness to supplement this amount pound for pound. Votes of thanks were passed to Mr. Gall for his liberality; and also to the officers for their efforts to make the late show a suocess. The prioket matoh between teams repre sents gthe Town and Railway, whioh was announced would be played on Saturday, did not oome off, oh aooount of several members of the Railway team being on duty. The match will be'played next Saturday instead. Hospital Sunday.—Sunday, February 3, will be Hospital Sunday, and oolleotions will be taken up at all the OhuroheB in the distriot, with the exoepcion of St. Thomas's Roman Gatholic Ohnrch. in aid of the Narraooorte Hospital. Another Sunday will be fixed for the Hospital collections at.the Roman Catho lic Church, as the Rev. Father Mahar will not be oonduoting services at ifTarracoorte on that date. 1 L?. Death of Mb. WttHiii Waugh.—We re gret to record the death of Mr. William ...Waugh, ofBianum~an -old-and respected resi dent of the district, whiob sad event happened on Saturday last. The deceased had been sufferfhgfor some time from an "internal com plaint, which a month ago became bo serious as to necessitate constant medical attendance. The end catheari Saturday afternoon last, when the deceased gentleman passed away at his -residence at Btnnutn. The late Mr. Wangh ■waB*fcbrB in Roxburghshire,., near the town of Jedburgh, - Scotland, in the year/d.825, and was therefore 75 years of?a?e.; He arrived in Australia,in the •year 1853,lahdingatPdrtlaad, andVwasdn the.amplay^pf Mr. fi«qty, a large ttadhr there, as -for^itt-foraome tiihe. He tjffeh went was em plpyedjop thelJPSnt run on the GlenhlgRiver. From there h¥-cahie to the South-East'in the jRixtieSjSwben jheEwas engaged by Mr. Bnther -'fora, w&6 at that time owned Morambro* Station. After spending a- number of years there the deceased entered the; service of Mr. Smith,■! of JHyhain; and for-years he was a well- t known person in the shearing shed, where he! took charge1 <if *'the board" annually .up till ai couple of years ago. From Hynam he ■ removed to Morbat "in the Western Distriat of .Victoria, where he follo wed farming for a time. . Then he returned to'the district j again and took up land about fourteen years ago on Binnum, where he has since followed farm-, ing and grazing pursuits." The deceased gentle man was married twice, and his second wife survives him. He also leaves a family of four sons, three of whom are- by his first wife. They are Messrs. Thomas, Robert, George and William Waugh. The deceased was widely known throughout the district, and was highly respected. Tbe funeral took plaoe on Monday afternoon, the. remains .being interred in the; Narraooorte cemetery: Numerous residents joined'the cortege oh 'the way, and the' gather ing at the graveside inoladed friends and residents from many parts of the district. The Rev. T. J. Smith conducted the burial servioe, and Mr. W. Piatt carried out the funeral arrangements. The only family relative of the late Mr. Waugh in Australia; is a brother—Mr John Waugh, ah engineer InMelbonrhe. "" ... .CJroMKG.—A-meeting of members of the Narraooorfce Cycling -Olabia convened for Wednesday evening at the* Institute at eight -o'clock, "when "tliS"ahnuaI report and balance sheet for the year 1900 will be presented,'and the matter of holding araeeting at Easterwill be discussed. Aiders-are par tioul swlyyjbqn ea b ed to be presentan&expres;'t their opinions on the latter subjeot. ~ "ThB FEDERAL TARIFF."—PCBLIO MEET isaa.—The Hon. D. M. Charleston, M.L.Q., one of the Vice-Presidents ®f the Free Trade and Liberal Association, and who is a candi date for the Federal Parliament, will address pablio-meetings -in 'tfie Soath-East on ''The Federal Tariff and Free Trade" on the follow ing dales:—Border Town, Wednesday, Janu My .30;. Natraeaotte, < Thursday, January 31: 'Kingston, Friday, February 1; and Bobs, Tuesday, February 4. AU the meetings will be held in the Institutes at the various places, and will commence at 8 o'olqok, Mr. .Oharles ton will alto apeak at other towaaiutheBouth' EttV ,j3ush Fiees.—The hot weather during the iattbr par s-of last week was accompanied by several fires in the district, which burnt a good deal ot grass and fenoing. One broke out in the: Five-Mile paddock of the Natraooorte Station in Itlie vicinity of Quire's old farm, in a north-westerly, direction from Narraooorte, on " Friday, and swept a lot of grass country on the Plains in a southerly direotion. Those who had gathered to cheok its career—mostly the Station employed*—bad a tough job in stopping it, as there was a fairly strong north wind.blowing. Over 1,000 acres of good grass and aiot of fenoing was burnt. On Wednes day last abush fire broke out on Mr. T, Kid man's land through, it is believed, phosphor ous, whioh was being laid with poisoned grain, oot being properly dissolved and becoming ignited. Mr. 8. Kidtnan was engaged laying the phospborised grain' in the Yalta Creek paddock on his father's property when sudden ly some of the phosphorous, burst into flame and the surrounding grass quickly caught alight and before anything oould be done the fire had become too great to cope with". It spread quickly through Mr. Lougmore'u Jand and on to the Struan Estate. The station bands from Struan and Elderslie were sent to work at the fire and with a number of other assistants they did their best to keep it down. The" fire was prevented spreading on to the Laurie Park run, from where Mr." Henderson and bis men came to render assistance. The Games'went on" till their progress on either side was prevented by the creek, and. the.lire was then got under control. The fire was burning for three days, and destoyed about 3.000 acres, of grass and a quantity of fencing. On Saturday a b'g fire raged in the scrub in the range that runs parallel with the Border Town road between the Gap and the 10th mile post on the Border Town road from Narraooorte. It started near the Gap about eight miles from Pad t ha way, and with the aid of a strong hot wind it travelled at a terrifio rate in the direotion of Narraooorte,. but fortunately it kept in rough country. At sundown on Saturday evening-it harl oorne within 10 miles of Narraooorte and threatened the blookers along the range. The fire by this time bad obtained large dimensions, being soattered over an immense area nf nnnnkrt. and 'is feared that if Sunday broke hot with a strong north wind similar to the one that prevailed on Saturday morning nothing could pre vent it sweeping .the range towards Nacra ooorte and devastating the country and des troying the homesteads in its track and prob ably crossing the road on to the.Plains. For tunately during Saturday night a cool ohange set in, the wind veering to the west, and on Sunday tbe wind blew strong from the south west, which had the effect of cheeking its further progress and giving those who ware; working at the fire a.. bhauoe of trimming along the boundaries of it so as to prevent its' further spread. On Saturday night the fire oast a lurid glare over the country for miles. Local Court.—The monthly sitting of the Narraooorte Local Court will be held this morning at 10 o'clock. The cause IibS is as follows:—Full Jurisdiction.—Application for : an auctioneer's license by 15. R. Fealce. Defended oaee.—J. Baauchamp v Laurie, claim £2815s 2d; counterclaim, £32 St 3d. Limited Jurisdiction.—Assessment of damages —0. Limbert v A. A. Semmens. Bible Society Meeting.—The quarterly public meeting iu oonneotion with the 'Narra coorte Branoh of the British and Foreign Bible Society will he held on Wednesday evening in the Institute Hall, -when Mr. A.- EL Nicholia will give aleoture on "The Bible and Its Critics." The meeting-will commence ' at 8 o'clock, and a collection will be taken up. A Keoobd Sale.—When we mentioned last week that Mr. Donald, of Stratbkellar, had sold 1.000 fat crossbred wethers at £1 per head, we did not think it would soon be eclipsed, but now Messrs. Young Bros, (in conjunction with Messrs. Thornton, Palmer and Gd), report having sold 9900 at Pirron Yalloak at £1 per head, this we think being the largest, number ever sold off a property in Yiotoria at one time at the priae to one buyer, and we think will stand as a record for a considerable t'me. They are bought for direct shipment to Western Australia, and the buyer ha* now eeoured 22,000 fat sheep and 1400 fat cattle in the Western district.—Hamilton Spectator. 