IIOTES M CURRENT EVENTS. At a publichouse in this district there is a billiard-table the charges for the use of which are announced as follows: — 50 up, 2 drinks; 75 up, 3 drinks; 100 up, 4 drinks. Now as two people usually are engaged iu a game of billiards, I can understand the '2 drinks,' which would ba one apiece, and the ?a anujfs, wnion woma give eacn player two modest quenchera. ' How on earth do thay do when there are three drinks ro be cou sumod ? Which man gets the odd drink ? It is puzzles like this which tend to prema turely age people who wane to arrive at the true inwardness of things. * ? ♦ * * A representative of the London Morning Post who wai out here with our recent Royal visitors is rough on some Sydney papers. Ha says : — ' Sydney has a particularly foul and ribald — not to say seditious — gutter press of its own, which, I believe, would not be toler ated in Melbourne. The leading papers in Sydney, I need scarcely say, are admirably conducted, ani compare favorably with our leading journals at home. But the cutter organs to which I allude grossly slander pub lic and private men alike with apparent im punity ; for so jealous is the average Sydney jury of what is termed the liberty of the press that it is loth to convict the defendant however foul and cruel- the published libel. Everyone I have met in Sydney is ashamed of this section of the local press. People will toll you here that it represents the opinions ui uu purnuH ul i.no population, mac ic is powerless to do harm, and that it should bo treated with contempt. Yet the circulation 'if these papers is so considerable that their proprietors reap magnificent inoomes from them.' I am afraid that the statement con faitied in the last sentence nullifies the as sumption that the gutter press ' represents the opinion of no portion of tha population.' If this latter belief were well founded, tho papers referred to would simply die a natural death. In the absence of a demand for dirt, dirt would cease to be a saleable commodity. * * * ? I had occasion a few weeks ago to comment on the peculiarity of English ideas of Austra lian topography. Another example has been brought under my notice. A capital view of the principal city in Tasmania ia published in ' Bhick and White,' a high-class Eng lish illustrated magazine. The pioture is all right, but the printed title — ' Hobarr, New Zealand ' — will assuredly evoke unkind criticism in the Southern island. A Victorian journal announces that 'the Wodonga Shire Council will hold a special meeting at 81 a.m., 'to elecc a president for the ensuing year.' I don't believe the Wo donga Shire Council haa any intention of meeting at so unreasonable an hour. Sup posing it has, what time is 81 a.m. , anyhow. ??'*??.* * * There is a mischievous tendency in our State Parliament towards over legislation. In a few years time, at the present rate of pro gress, every act of the individual will be velopments of this unwholesome tendency ia the introduction of a bill to provide that the true name of the author of a newspaper article shall be prefixed or affixed to the article. The bill defines ' article ' as meaning ?' loading article, sub-leader, or any other article, the whole or the principal pirt of which is editorial comment..' For the pur poses of the Act, newspaper is definai ac cording to the ordinary acceptation of t-hfi term with the provision that it-, must be a journal published in New South Wales at intervals not exceeding one week. The penalty for a breach of the injunction ia fixed at £10. ? ?♦ ♦ ? Whatever may be the case in Franco, there is certainly no justification for the introduc tion of a system of this kind in Australia. If a libel is published the publishers are respon sible, and as a rule the print-ing of a slander, however innocently it may have boen brought about, usually entails a monetary pfttmlty more than proportionate to the offence. There ia thoreforo no necessity for the nnv? regulation in tho iufcarouts of tho public. On the othor hand tho influence of the pre3B will he seriously prejudiced by removing its anonymity. Under present conditions a newspaper article influences the public rnind, exactly in proportion to its value. If tho comments be true and forceful they will carry weight, irrespective of the source. If they be obviously falno or founded on a false impression of tho subject under review, they will in the same way be disregarded. To re move the anonymity, is in the first place to shackle the freedom of the writer, and in the second plane unduly to add to or dot-riot from the influence of common!; or criticism which should stand or fall by its own merits. * . ? * * A friend sends me Hie following clipping: ? ' At last NW South Walos has had n good rainfall. From ono end of the Stato to the other the ground has had a good soaking, and just at the very best time of the year. too. This means renewed bopo to tho wheat prrowers, saving largo numbors of lambs for tho sheep farmer, increased trade for tho storekeeper, and a return of prosperity for tho cities. If tho rain had only wanned away two-thirda of our members of Parliament wo would say that it had boen perfect.' I heartily endorao the opportune remark with which the paragraph gonolud^og, it, fa uug t ?? - , geations of this kind which pave the way for practical reform. There is, however, no need for violence. On the hint above conveyed all our district members m-iy perform the Japanese rite of hari-kari. On the other hand they may not. * * * * The immediate prospect of a transforma tion of warlike weapons into implements of husbandry js not too encouraging. If, how ever, spears are not to be turned into plough shares just yet, it is satisfactory to note that scientists who have hitherto devoted their attention to the designing of murderous wea pons, are now turning their talents to account in the furtherance of the arta of peace. Mr, Galling, of ' (iatling gun' celebrity, is now busy perfecting a motor plough which ia to enable one man to do the work of eight;. This is at least a hopeful sign, especially3 m view of the fact that agricultural labourers now sometimes demand the pay of a sub inspector of police — and get it too. LIPPON DAIRN. The Woman Suffrage BiLL.—Mr T. a. Griffith and Mr Gt. R. M'Laurin both voted a«aiii8fc tho second readiug of the Woman Suffrage Bill. The Henty Sensation.— At the police court on Friday, Joseph Minton, alias George Manton, was formally brought before the Bench and again remanded. The Weather. — Another good fall of rain has to be recorded since the date of our last issue, and onco more this fall has been heaviest in places where it was most reauired TituANT Children.— Several parents were summoned ut th« police court, on Monday, for failing to comply with the compulsory clause of the Education Act. A fine of 2d 6d with costs was imposed in each case. Mishap at Waterworks.— A crack in tho foot-valve of the old pump was reported by the engineer on Wednesday. To make good the damage an outlay of some hundreds of pounda appears likely to be necessary. Bank Changes —Mr. Lindsay Whitehead, manager of the Bank of New South Wales at WarrnainbooJ, has received the appointment) of manager of the Tamworth branch in suc cession to the late Mr. George Morrison. Sudden Death.— We regret to learn that a telegram received in Albury yesterday from Mount Hope, aunounced that Mr. T. Skeen hud been found dead. Mr. Skeen left A-lbury a few days ago for the new Eldorado. The Looichart Railway.— The formal opening of the Lockhart railway will be cele brated to- morrow evening by a banquet at Lookharfc. The Minister for Works, Sir William Lyne, and local raemberB of Parlia inenc are expected to be present. Social to Mr. David Reid.— The social tendered to Mr. David Reid in recognition of his many services to the district, by the farmers of Burrumbuttock, Jindera, and adjacent localities, takes place to-morrow evening at the Burrumbuttock Hotel. Special Horse Sale. —Messrs. Campbell and Sons in conjunction with J. M'.N'amara and Co. will hold a special sale of horses afc the Shapparton yards on Thursday, 12th September. The auctioneers state that thfire ia a keen demand for all classes of useful horses, and are assured of a large attendaucs of Molbourue and other buyers on the day of salo. Selectors' Rents — The Deniliquin branch of the Farmers and Settlers' Association are neputmg tue Mayor and Alderman George Evans, delegates to the Municipal Conference in Sydney next month, to wait on the Minis ter for Lands with a view of obtaining a suspension of the payment of reut3 of sefeo tora rpquiring such concessions. Hospital Carnival.— A meeling of the Hospital Carnival Committee was held on Friday evening, Mr. J. F. Maloney in the chair. Progress was reported in regard to various details. It whs decided to apply to the committee of the P. and A. Society for tho uso of the show-ground, as the sports ground originally selected would nob f«r neveral reasons be so convenient. Tue Public Library.— At. the Counoil meeting on Wednesday, Alderman Billson suggested thar, an application bo mado to the Government for a supply of books for the Public Library. He said that the BO-oalled Mesh mics' Institute was not available for the gur.oral publio, and the Public Library waa tho only place where many people uuL-*iuuvi t»vic*orta iu ally ilLUTUtllra, Hotel Change.— Mr. Wilhelm Ebbesen, lately of Tallangatta, has taken the well- known Border City Hotel, Albury, lately conducted by Mr. Ashcroft. Mr. Ebbesen's previous experience in the same line of busi- ness, together with the advantage of being well known in tho Upper Murray district, should be a guarantee that he will be suc- cessful in his new venture. Roman Catholic. — The rite or ooufimti timi was administered by tho Right Dr. Gallagher, Biahop of Goulburn, ° at »Sfc. Put rick's on Sunday last to 21G candidates. The Bishop, afc iho tho close of tho coremonv, uwnvpieu ,wi luipi/o.s&ive; naaro86 to those wno had been confirmed, pointing out the obliga tions thoy hud undrfrfcukoii, and tho way in which thoy should endeavour to fulfil them. Twa Show Ball — The annual show ball, always tho tnoa- brilliant function of the season, 'willtuko place on Wednesday noxfc at tho Federal Hall. Local modistes have, w« «nd.oratftnd} been jinuqdutod. with cprnwiasloa^ I for the preparation of handsome costumes \- for the occasion. Every care has been taken v by the committee to perfect all arrangements, and a highly aucccessful gathering is antici pated. Unusual Precautions. — A report from Yaokandandah says : — Aa a result) of the ?prevailing unrest consequent on the recent -*' sticking up'' cases, mouufced escorts are being provided for the conveyance of gold from Mr. Wallace's Yackandandah Creek , claim to the local bank, and the manager of the Stagborn works arrived here, accom panied by three employes carrying loaded . rifles. Stolen Beef. — At Tumut Police Court on '?? 21at August, John Thomas Green was charged with having beef in his possession supposed ? to be stolen. Mr. F. Taylor appeared for the \- defence. After the conclusion of the evidence, the Counsel addressed the Bench, but the P.M. was of opinion the case was clear, as far as the 'evidence was concerned, and sen tenced the accused to six.mouths.in Goulburn Gaol. Correction.— In reporting the death last .-?week of Mr. Archie AridersoD, of Darlington 1 /Point, the cause of death was stated to be through skinning a foal which died of tetanus, and that there were one or two sores on Mr. Anderson's hand. It appears that such waa not the case. Mr. Anderson merely extracted a small stake from under the foal's eye, and his hands were free of eores or cuts. The doctor stated that the blood would pene trate the unbroken skin. , Narandera Weddings. — Oti the 9bh inst., Mr. Herbert Phillips, of Rich and Co., was united in Sydney to Miss Mabel, daughter of Mr. M. H. Davlin, of Silver Pines. Mr. and Mrs . Phillips are taking up their residence in Narandera at an early date. The marriage of Miss Grace, daughter of Mr. J. P. M'Intyre, of Narandera, took place in Sydney last week, the fortunate groom being Mr. C Bitter, Inspector of Garrisojis, Capetown. Mr. and Mrs. Ritter Bailed for South Africa on Saturday. An Important Industry. — A report from Corowa says : — During the past 12 months the Railway Commissioners have p«d to the local sleeper contractors close on £8500, practically the whole of which has been spent locally. This represents 50,000 sleepers, the royalty on which amounted to over £1000. Last week the department received £467 from 'this source, or £367 in excess of that re ceived for the corresponding month of last year. This illustrates how the work of sleeper-hewing has expanded of late. A Selector's Grievance. — A report from ;Tocumwal runs as follows : — The small area of some of the selections in this district has been a cause of frequent complaint. Several selectors-have holdings of lesB than 100 acres, and one, Mr. J. T. Houghton, has only 47 acres. The Perricoota pastoral holding was recently gazetted for homestead selection. bub it was divided into blocks of from 66 to 77 acres each. Great dissatisfaction is felt, and an endeavour will be made to induce the Minister to cut the land into larger areas. A Bolt. — The Rev. T.--H. James, Congre gational minister, of Eutherglen, had a rather unpleasant experience late on Thursday night. The rev. gentleman had been at tending a meeting at Wahgunyah, and on his way home the ponies he waa driving took fright and bolted. Mr, James waa thrown from his buggy, and, although badly bruised. £a not likely to suffer any serious ill effects from the accident. The ponies continued fcheir course until they came in oontaot with a fence, and much damage was done to the buggv. Oddfellows atWodonga. — An effort was made last week at Wodonga to establish a local court of the I.O.F. About eight or ten intending members accepted the invitation of a visiting officer to meet him in the Shire Hall, aud discuss the matter, and an equal number of officers from Albury attended, v The promoters were rather discouraged with the response, and the court was not estab \ Itshed, though it is nob improbable that later on the attempt may be renewed. The I.O.F. is alife aaauranoe organisation, conducted on the lodge principle. Its headquarters are in Canada. '''The Albury Show. — Complete arrange mentis have been made by the committee with the railway authorities in both colonies for special trains and cheap fares to the Albury Show. On Thursday a special train will leave Junee Junction at 7.36 a.m., call ing at all stations, and reaching Albury at 10.50 a.m. On the return journey it will leave Albary ab 7.55 p.m., and reaoh Junee Junction ut 11.20. The fares for the return journey will be 2d. per mile 1st class and Id. per mile second class. On the same day a special train, at excursion fares, will leave Tallangatta at 8.55 a.m., arriving at Albury at 10.35. Tho return train will start at 10 p.m. Both trains will stop at nil stations. A special train will also leave Wahgunyah at 8.55 a.m., rouching Albury at 10.58. The return traiu will leave Albury at 7.10 p.m. Larceny by a Chinaman. — At the police court on Monday, a Chinaman named Charlie Sing was charged on ivmand with stealing ? '?.'. two tins of tallow, tho property of W. S. Norman and Co. W. Thornauder gavo evi dence to tho effect that accused came to wib ness.'s Boap factory and offered two tins of tallow for salo. s^yins he had bought themab the Murray Valley Vineyard ; Mr. Stasson '*'''cama to the factory, and in prosenoe of poousod identified the tallow as the property -y| jfteBBPe, Norman and. Qo, Tha prjgonai? pleaded guilty to the charge. He was then charged with stealing an electroplated butter knife and other articles the property of Chung Yu. To 'this charge he pleaded not guilty, and stated that he removed the artioles because he thought they were of no value. The. prisoner was sentenced to 21 days' imprisonment on the first charge, and 14 daya on the second ; both sentences to be concurrent. Mining Accident. — A serious blasting accident happened at the Mount Parnassus tunnel, Gundagai, on Friday, to William Lynch, sonior, the only miner employed there. He had put in three charges, and got to a place of safety. Daring the explosion his son came up, and proceeded with hia father to examine the shots. They found two charges completely exploded, whilst a rem nant of the third charge was still left in the hole. Arthur Lynch then proceeded, with the aid of a gad, to clear away the remainder of the charge when another explosion occurred. William Lynch was struck below the knee by a mass of stone, and sustained a compound fracture of the leg, besides bruises to the face. Arthur Lynch had a miraculous escape, as the gad just misBed hiB head as it flew through the air by the force of the explosion. The father sustained great loss of blood. He was conveyed to Gun dagai Hospital. , A Bethanga Grievance. — A fewo weeks ago a widow living ab Bebhanga made a pathetic appeal to the Board of Health for deliverance from the poison dealing fumes emitted from the f urnaceB of the local smelt iug works. The board on 'Wednesday re ceived a communication from the local health officer, who had been asked to investigate the complaint. In his letter, the officer informed the board that he had come from Tasmania to take up an engagement with the proprietors of the smelting works, in whose service he now was. Therefore, he desired that an in dependent officer of the board mighb be appointed to conducb the investigation. Dr. Gresswell said that a previous investigation had proved that stock had died through eat ing herbage upon which the arsenic from the smelting had settled, but certain improve ments had since been made at the furnaces. The letter of the local officer is to be for warded to the shire authorities. Mysterious Bush-Fires. — A Woomar gama correspondent writes : — In the natural order of things bush-iirea may be expected during the coming summer, it might be Drofibable to minimise th» danger resulting from these outbreaks by ploughing strips of land at intervals. During last summer no less than seven fires originated in Woomar gama. In every instance the fires started about the same hour — 10 a.m. — and in locali ties not likely to be used for camping, and in some instances the station employes observed the fire start ab no great distance from where they were working. That the fires did not spread over a whole country-side was simply miraculous, a9 at times it seemed quite hope leas for those engaged in quenching the flames to persevere, bub at such times a lull in the wind or a change in its direction enabled the fire-beaters to triumph. How the fires originated remains up to the present time a opmplete mystery, though some people aver they were caused by ' spontaneous com bustion.' The Waterworks Liability. — In the Legislative Assembly on 22nd inst. Mr. T. H. Griffith asked the Secretary for Public Works if he intends to introduce a bill this aes9ion to relieve country municipalities of their hopeless indebtedness on account of the extravagance of past governments in carry ing out water supply works ? Mr. O'Sulli van : I have full sympathy with all munici pal councils which have been let in for much more indebtedness than thoy ever bargained for by the construction of waterworks. I admit that they have some right to relief, because in many cases 50 per cent, more ex penditure than they bargained for has been forced upon them through the mistaken of the engineering department, '-r some one else. I am not prepared, at the present time, to say that I will bring in a bill to re lieve them ; I think we will have to wait un til we get back from the Federal Govern ment the surplus under tho tariff, which I hope will be £1,000,000 a year. I will then be prepared to oonsider this and other very worthy objacts. Presbyterian. — The induction of the Rev. Graham Balfour as pastor of the Brigh ton Presbyterian Church took place (says a Melbourne paper) on Friday evening. There waa an encouraging congregation, de spite the web. The Moderator presided. Mr. Graham Balfour took no pnrbin the business, except reoeiving lectures. His father, Hon. J. Biilfour, attended. Professor Harper de livered a stirring charge to Mr. Bsilfour, and mentioned he had known three generations of the family. Tho most impressive incident during tho proceedings was the whole con gregation stauding up to receive their new pastor. Nothing seemed to cut so deep as the Moderator's reading of tho Fourth of Epheaiana. We never folt the foroe of its words so strongly as when they wore de livered on this occasion— especially the refer ence, to tho church as tho veritable body of Christ, 'From whom the whole body, fitly joinod togothor and compacted by that which every joinb suppli«th.' Here waa Professor Harper's koyuoto, a call for be lievers to realise that they are part of the body, the building, living stones of tho fcen- pie, oaoh a temple of the Holy Qhoab, Obituary. — We regret having to record the death on Monday last of a very old resi dent of Tabletop in the person of Mrs. Wil liam Jennings. Over thirty years ago Mr. Jennings took up land on Tabletop, and the deceased lady has resided there ever since. She was 78 years at the time of her death. The funeral took place in the Albury cemetery on Wednesday. — A Wangaratta contemporary reports the death of Mr Michael Ousack, who was born at Oorowa in 1843, and wenb to Wangaratta with his parents, when five years of age. He lived in Wanga ratta until about 20 years ago, when he re moved to Walbuuctrie, where he followed numerous occupations, until six months ago, when ho bacame seriously ill, aud eventually entered the Albury Hospital, but did not im prove hia health to any great extent. Upon leaving the institution he paid a visit to his sister, Mrs Morbley, in Sydney, but the change did not improve his condition, and he bacarne bo seriously ill that his removal to the Liverpool Hospital was considered necessary, and he died ab that institution on Tuesday, 20th inst., from a serious internal complaint. Small Debts Court. — Ab this court on Monday the following cases were dealt with:— J. Carew and Son v. H. Chanter, claim for £2 13s. 6d.— Verdict for plaintiff. M. Livesey v. V. Romero, claim for £8 2s. 6d., rent. — Verdict for plaintiff. L. Buckiey v. C. Goring, claim for £2 6*. 6d. — Verdict for plaintiff. W. N. M. Eimondaon v. J. Meagher, claim for £6 14s. — Verdict for amount, less £1 paid since issue of summons. Ringwood, Lester, and Allan v. R. Buksh, claim for £8 10*.— Verdict for £7 7.3. 6d. with costs, and 21s . witnesses expenses. F. H. Wright v. W. Sbanniforth, claim for £2 for commission on the sale of building material. Mr. Nagle appeared for plaintiff, Mr. J. Wilkinson for defendant. The case' for the plaintiff was that he had introduced to the 'defendant a purchaser for the pro perty in question. For the defence, it waa urged that defendant had never instructed the plaintiff to obtain a purchaser, and that he had never recognised plaintiff in iny other capacity save that of a probable purchaser himself. After a large amount of evidence had been taken the case waa adjourned till Tuesday. More evidence having been taken, judgment waa given for the plaintiff. Pastoral and Agricultural Society. —A meeting of the committee of this body was held on Tuesday. Mr. G. A. Thompson was in the chair, and the other members present were — Messrs Roxburgh, J. R. Chapman, J. Maclure, Macintosh, J. Hore, Dr. Andrews, R. Riley, Shuter, Lankester. Apologies were read from several country members unable to attend. The treasurer (Mr. Rox burgh) announced the financial position a3 follows :— Old account (dr.) £400 5s., current account (cr.) £104 12s. 2d. The report of the secretary waa read, showing receipts an3 ex penditure. All arrangements for the show were complete. The entries were nearly equal to last year's fotal, which was a record. The show booths had realised 10s. more than last year. Given fine weather there was every indication of a most successful exhibi tion. The report was received and adopted. It was decided to allow Messrs. Beale and Co. to cover their exhibits at their own ex pense. A letter was read from Sir William Lyne, promising to attend the show if time at his disposal permitted. A letter to the same effect was read from the Hon. John See. Other acknowledgements of invitations were read from a number of invited guests, in most cases indicating an intention to attend the exhibition. Mr. J, S. Horsfall intimated his regret at being unable to be preaent. The Chairman said Mr. Mackay had brought under his notice the advisability of appoint ing a sub- committee to supervise the side shows, as was done at Singleton. This was a most important matter, as the authority of the men engaged was not recognised unless supported by some members of committee. Dr. Andrews and Messrs. Roxburgh and Ogilvie were appointed a sub-committee for the purpose in question. Messrs. Chapman, Roxburgh, and Bromfield were appointed grandstand stewards. Mr. Maclure sugges ted tlv.t a grand parade should be held of cattle and horses. The Chairman said it was too late to arrange for this now, but the mitter should be kept in view for next year's show. This concluded the business. The Narelle Concert Company. — Lovers of good music had an exceptional treat on Monday night last, when the gifted singer, Marie Narelle (now a favourite with Albury audiences), gave another of her concerts. Owing, however, to the unsettled weather and the terribly muddy state of the streets, the attendance was not as good as it hitherto had been, bub the audience was, if not large, a very enthusiastic one, and warmly applauded every item. Miss Narello sang ''Life's Lullaby ' (Lane), and held the audience en tranced; and was loudly applauded. Added to a splendid stage presence Miss Narelle has n most captivating manner, and her beautiful voice has never sounded to better advantage. In tho duett 'Venetian Boat Song.' with Mr Rodda Perry, the two voices blended most harmoniously, and the song w«s thoroughly appreciated. For an encore was given ?' Home to our Mountains,' from ' II Trovatori?'.' Tho gem of the evening waa, however; Misa Narolle's song ' Huil, Sweet Summer Morn.' f with flute ohligato by Mr Lemmonjj). The song 'Awake' waa also sung in artistic style, and for encores Mias N^rnlle gavo 'Coming thro' tha rye' and 'Old folks *'b home.' Mias Narelle was supported by Vliaa Ljllina Appelby, i\ pianist) of great ability, her artistic rendering, of L'zsf'a difficult compositions leaving nothing to be desired, her accompanying — an art in itself — being perfect. Miss Apnelby gave 'Rigoletto' fantasia by Verdi-L'zsb, and ' Rhapsodie' No. 2 (L'zst), and was vigor ously encorad. Ijt is a pity that an artist like Miss Appulby should have such a wretched iu strumenc as that which ia provided by our Mechanics to play on. It is time certainly that it waa replaced by a good one. Mr. Rodda Perry, who possesses a remarkable voice for a man — a soprano — delighted tho audience by exquisite singing. He gave 'Island of dreatn3 ' (Adams),_ and being encored sang that oW favourite 'Allan Water.' also ' Come back to me' (C*rey), and when encored again 'Good night.' The humorous sketches by Mr. Ruberb Watson, who is a very clever mimic, caused great laughter. Hia imitation of the various ways of dancing simply had the whole house in roars. Mr. Watson had to appear again and again, in faot the audience did nob seem, to be able to get enough of him, and he good naturedly responded each time, and con tributed songs ' How I saved my life' and 'Can't change i1:.' Last, but; by no means least, came Mr. Lemmone, the cleverest flautist in Australia. Mr. L?ni in-ne is well known to Albury audiences, and hia rendering of the difficult and beauti ful composibions needs no comment. Mr. Lemmone contributed two numbers, 'Echoes of Naples ' (Paggi) and ' C irni^l of Venice ' (Demmersemann), and being enthusiastically encored gave some compositions of his own. Oa Tuesday night thore was a second goncerb of F.n equally high-class character. Death of Mr. F. Vindin. — We regret having to record the death of Mr. F. Vindin, manager of the local branch of the Australian Joint Stock Bank. Mr. Vindin in October last was transferred to Albury from the Richmond branch, and by his invariable courtesy and genial manner soon made a h''st of friends. A few months ago be was laid up by illness which proved to be more serious than had at first been supposed. An opera tion was performed and ab first i,he patient appeared to rally ; but after a few weeks serious symptoms were again manifested, and a second operation offered the o^y hope of prolonging life. This waa in due course per formed last week, bub it was soon evident that the case was hopeles3 and the end not far off. At the hands of his local medical attendant and metropolitan physicians, the patient received all the aid that skill and ex perience could render, but without avail, and he passed away on Friday night, his relatives having been summoned to Albury some days previously. As already stated, Mr. Vindin was much esteemed by all who knew him, and it ia doubtful whether the death of any man with so brief a record in the town, has been the occasion of such deep and widely felt sorrow. He leaves a widow, and one daughter by a former marriage, whose be reavement is the subject of universal sym pathy. The remains were removed on Satur day to Richmond for inter meut in the family vault. A telegram from Richmond say3 :— The funeral took place at St. Peter's Church of England Cemetery, The chief mourners were the brothers of the deceased (Mr. A. J. Vindin, of the Bank of Australasia, Mel bourne ; Mr. George Vindin, of Newcastle ; Mr. Walter M. Vindin, of Messrs. Abbot, Littlejohn, and Vindin, Sydney ; and Mr. C-^cil Vindin, of the Justice Department, Albury), Miss Kemp (Gladesville), and other relatives, including Mr. Maurice, of Marulan. The leading citizens of Richmond and dis trict, including Mr. E. Campbell (mayor of Richmond), J. Devlin (mayor of Oastlereagh), Rev. Dr. Cameron, Rev. Father O'Brien, C. S. Guest, W. Sulhvan, P. H. Ridge, Dr. Helsham, Percy Reynolds, G. E. Woodhill, C. Iceley (J's.P.), G. M. Pitt, J. T. M. Pitc, F. Pitt, C. Pitt, W. Charley, and many others walked in the procession. Mefsra. S'. M. Pitt and E. H. Street, J.P., representing Jocal hanks, G. E. Collett, P.M.. and Captain Philip Charley acted as pali-bearer3. The head effioe of the A.J.S. Bank was repre sented by Mr Young and Mr Carroll, for merly manager at Mdtland, under whom Mr Vindin entered the bank's service. The coffin (load enclosed iu oak and nchly mounted) was laden with floral tributss for warded by membnrs of the family and others, including Mrs Wyatt (Albury), Mrs C. C. ' and H. Graham (Melbourne), Mr and Mrs G. B. L -we (Albury), Mrs Cryus Smith (Albury), the matron and nurses of Dr. Wood's hospital (Albury), the members of Concord Masouic Lodge (Albury), Mr. and Mrs. G. Arthur Thompson aud family (Albury), C. Ogg (Albury). Mrs. A, Vindin (West Maitland), Mrs. Kemp, Mr. G. R. Roxburgh, Mr. and Mrs. Watson (Lithgow), Mr. and Mrs. P. Charley, Mr. aud Mrs. W. Charley, G. M. Pitt nnc'l family (Sunnyaido), Mr. and Mrs. C. S. Guest, Mr. and Mrs. G. E. Collett. Mr. and Mrs. E. II. Street. Mr. and Mrs. P. Reynolds, Mr. and Mrs. H. F. Rnruell (Richmond), Alderman Cobcroft, Watson, ani Kely were amongst those present. The bnrml service was read by Re.v. Herbert 0. Viudin, of Woollahra (cousin^ of deceased), assisted, by Rev. J. Howell ' V Price, rural dean. \, Visitoro to Albury Show ,are specially invited . 1 by T. J E.ORAN, Bats^one'i Furnishing Aroude, ] to call an/ inspr jt hU br*uti *=.'.. wtock of New I and Sep/Snod F.frainua. 'B^stvnUjo in Albury, ! Oall at { ''7,. ^.v^fte'bjr pu bay'or not, and j look out'for his Furni* ire Eshibi* -'at tba Aj^ury I Show-ground, T A, xIOEAN, f --' iZJ&i-;'&Hsvls;, I Olive- street, Albury. 