NEWS OF THE DAY. Mails for Europe by the R.M.S. Omrah will close to-day. The Bendigo Cup race meeting will com mence to-day. Eiglhty out of 1000 -Gormans live to be SO years old’, amd 108 English live to tihe same age. Thirty-nine per cent, of English lunatics recover, 42 ,per cenit. of Scotch, and -IS per cent, of .Irish. Germany's navy was bom in ISIS. It now consists of 194 vessels, 16 being battle ships. 360,000 men enter the German army yearly iby conscription. The quantity of flour sent from Mel bourne to the coun'tjy by rail last week was 776 ibags, making a total of 37,397 bags since the beginning of the year. News has been recived from Kennedy’s Bay, in the Auckland! district, that a man named Bur!os, the boatswain of the bax quentine Sonoraba, has been shot dead. No particulars are supplied. Some damage has been caused by bush fires on the homestead of Mr Alfred Blind fold, on the "Waperana Estate, in t!he To cumwal district, N.'S.AV. Edward Ooibett, aged 16' year?, was dTowned While .bathing in the river at Cowra, N.S.W., on Sunday. He, with, his brothers and some' other boys, was swimming in a deep watoitbole, when he became weak and sank. Stephen Lowcock, about 70 years of age. employed at Cannia Gap, portion of Bre tea station, in the Quirindi district, N.S.W., was accidentally killed on Sunday after noon, by being thrown from a horse, and breaking his neck. Very few of the itailoresses employed at Anthony Horden and Sons’ factory, at Sydney, went back to worn on Monday, and the number of'tailqresßes on strike re mains at several hundreds. At a meeting of the Tailoreeses’ Union on Monday it was agreed to fight to a finish, and it is stated that there are enough funds in hand to grant strike pay for several weeks to come. While two residents of Gooruung named Geo. Bryan't and Wm. Stanley were rab bit shooting on Saturday the former was accidentally shot in the leg by his com panion. The injured) man was co-nveyotj to the Bendigo Hospital, where about a dozen pellets were extracted. ■ln Great Britain January i s by far ;he stormiest month, followed by November and October. Daily records for 11 conse cutive showed that January had 70 gales, November 53, October 55. December 47, February, 16, March 4a. September 16, April 17, August 11, and the remaining months, May to July, nine gales between: them. The police •authorities have formulated statistics making a comparison of the number of crimes reported in Melbourne during this year and Last year. Compar ing the crime reports of nine mouths of 1900 with those of a similar period in this year, there is apparent: a diminution in, every month of 1901 January. These statistics, compiled 'by Superinten ent ,Sharp from official records, relate to the metropolitan area, which embraces such places as Caulfield, Oamberwell, Sur l'ey iHillis, PreSbcin. Afiipiiingto-n, North Es sendou, Williamsto-wn, and Saudringham. Early on Monday morning Constable Bright saw two men searching the pockets of sleepers in Hyde Park, Sydney. They also saw him, and 'bolted'. Bright gave chase, and os it was apparent that the fugitives would escape 'he drew li :s revolver and threatened to shoot if they did not stand. The threat was unheeded, and the constable fired two or three skews, but without effect. The men escaped from the park anid ran to Eittile Albert street, where Constablle Woods, Who heard the firing, succeeded in arresting one o± them. Thirteen picnickers at the Caves, in the Orange district, N.S.W., eu Monday aft€T grouped themselves on a log crossing a sheet of waiter of considerable nop tin to be photographed:. They had just got m. position when the log broke in. the centre, and the whole .party were precipitated into the water. The screams of the ladies at tracted assistance from neighboring pic nickers, and as several of the men in the water were good swimmers ail hands were rescued, though there were some narrow "Tending to the “Daily Maill.” a Chi cago lady doctor Iras declared that -alt the illnless in America is caused by acl vsrciseinents, which convey disease by suggestion. A man oa.uu.ot go into a museum or picture gallery without seeing an immense placard-posted up suggesting that every human being lias cer.am symptoms, and will be lost if he does not take 'Somebody’s Something. lhe . dioc.tor says that many people eome to her cou.vim.ced that they are afflicted wit disease merely from having seem t..e < - vertisement of a. remedy. SuCh is the power of advertising. . . „ • From statistics iu. '"Engineering it iap pears that .the average increase to the length of railways throughout the n oi.d is about 11.000 miles per annum. in the 44,570 miles added 'to the world s rail! ways during the past four years constructed in Asia, while Brihffii liirim. added- 3020, Japan 1395, and China 180 mile?. The cost per mile of. constructing railways in England, according to same Authority, is greater than any other EuTcpeam: coumtiy. file r!U :'™ y svnt-em of Africa has develo,pen con^der ably during recent years, the total m*ae age added during four years be.-g 4*JU “Startling case of highway robbery is ronoi-tcd lb'have taken ffia.ee «t .Tonkm f own, a suburb of FhiWlelffiiia. Inc rC linear ((hat Mrs -S. B. Hillnian, wife of tho.pronriet.or r-f Bcechwood Inn. a fash ionable We’rv <fHwut. p ace, was attack ed and robbed bv a maul, who ibrn 1 onied coni) oil ever her clothing and set fit* to it The rcbVr first put a phis ter over hei mouth. Ar iMr® Hillman shuvig.cd to hei feet the skint blaze! W>. She tried to Shriek, but. the plaster prevented her. She had sufficient presence of nund to loosen her skirt. Her ether ciothes caughlt fire, 'hot she beat out the flames, and ran t-o her home. Wlien she arrived she fell into faint. 