THE DEFACED SIXPENCE. A BUSH STORY. BY OWEN DEED. THE heat all day had been intense, and with every step my swag grew heavier and hotter, until at length it hung upon my back like a mass of burning metal. The timber was very sparse, and the shade it cast was thin and unrefreshing. J thirsted like a ilend in the pit, and the sun pursued one as if a sentient thing animated with malignant enmity. It burnt upon the back of my neck, the vicious Hies buzzed in my eyes continuously, and my arms ached with weariness from the persistent'effort to beat them off. At times I fancied my mind was slipping from me, and .strange imaginings stirred in my brain, so that I had to pull'myself together with a strong effort to refrain from slipping into some folly— the foolishness of a drunkard. And yet I had only been on the track since about seven o'clock that morning, and it was now about three in the afternoon. The country was thinly settled, and I was not bushman enough to dare step aside from the track to hunt either for water or succour, but at length thin smoke curling in the hot white air above a small valley hidden from my gaze by a long rise drew me away. Keeping the smoke in sight, I walked to the*top of the rise, and stood for a moment astounded at the scene unfolded before, as a stranger might stand on the borders of fairyail d. The country I had come through was dry, brown, and barren, or black as Gehenna itself where the bushfires had flamed through, and the only living creatures I had seen besides the flies and the locusts were the ominous crows.the only sound I had heard was their everlasting dreary " caw, caw. caw," the very droning of Death. Below lay a valley green as an emerald, a creek ran sparkling through it. and tall graceful gums lined its bank. A picturesque homestead, vine clad and bedded in bloom, more like an English farmhouse in early summer than the familiar bleak brown Australian bush home in December, was planted in the middle distance. The sight gladdened and refreshed me, and I made a bee line for the house, plunging eagerly (l/routrh the thick undergrowth. "When 1 had travelled about a quarter of a mile through what seemed like pristine and untrodden bush and scrub, my attention was suddenly attracted by a small disc, gleaming whitely at the foot of a minhty white gum." I paused and turned to examine the object. It was a sixpence. Picking it up 1 found it absolutely smooth ; no sign of either face remained. "Wondering not a little a the presence of a coin in this wild place, I slipped the sixpence into my pocket and continued my march. Ilalf-an-hcur later my hand was on the slip pane!.- before the homestead, a sheep dog ran out barking threateningly, and M as followed by a bush v-bearded. brown cheeked man of about forty, a typical bush Australian in appearance and'manner. " Down, Jacky !" he cried, and approached me with the passive, inexpressive face of the bushman. but as he came nearer traces of feeling fell into the deep lines, and he hastened his movements. "Hello, mate," lie said. "Here, I say, what's wrong ?" My reply was postponed. For the first time in my life I fainted. The heat, the fatigue, want of water and food had been too much for me, and to my lasting disgrace as a " swaggie " I had swooned away like the daintiest boardingschool miss. When I recovered I found myself comfortably disposed on a soft bunk. A grave-faced woman was standing over me pressing a wet cJoth smelling refreshingly of vinegar to my throbbing head. " He's come to, Dick," said the woman, quietly : and Dick, the bushy-bearded man, loomed into my vision at the same moment. Dick provided drink, and in live minutes I was sitting up, not much the worse for my journey, barring a few blisters and much weariness. My new friends treated me like a man and a brother. "Without any apparent consciousness of their kindness, they did all that the nioftLm. sense of hospitality and humanity could lw-. demanded. It seemed a mere matter ot corns* to them that they should minister to the re* ot a total stranger, take him in. doctor limi.Kt him and give him a good bed, and all the it extend towards him a delightful good-fellovi that was the sweeter for not being c\ik ei words. After tea we sat on the creeper-covered vert dah and talked, but conversation was not in Dick Catcher's line, and even less m the lit, of his wife. A strange quiet hung about thee. they had an atmosphere peculiarly their and it clung to their home and gave u cham-. and interest. That the couple were devote^ each other was evident to a man acru>touieit seeking to know people, not by tlici: words. 1 jr^their manners, their bearingand trdraft® (Jtifc demotion of Lena for Dick was in the steady calm-.4jrftstful glance of her deep. prave glance that seemed to hold him and i.'iuoldfejin an. embrace, and Dick's aHecium tor ; \vife sbo.wed itselt in a hundred litt! tricks, and as many little half-con> tions; - pair seemed contained in one i the quiet gravity hinted at a history, me. Evidently they were prosperous was much better than that of the av> their land was the best in the distric confessed that much—and yet the st gestion conveyed by the couple by i heir was one of sorrow—chastened, un •liiplaininf sorrow—beautiful sorrow, if you wili. After turning in that night I :\ve mat! thought to Dick Catcher and his win : my in"? nation ran away with me, and I for: niated I plots to account for that quaint se: iousness' manner so marked in them both, of a : of whirl am not too much ashamed to st\ them of here. In the morning at breakfast I ta; of t kl way I had come, the wild, forbid<i Mfr 'c tariff land at the top of the rise and beyon< that that was a district shunned by 1 ' .;h,tll°»f for what reason I could not imagim -. unlessii was that neither duty nor interest c- /aid in« tr them in that direction. Then I told casually of stumbling ,.n the* pence in that tangled, 'God-forsaken » e i| r tin • top of the rise in my journey down, i >aidwrather a curious lin'd under the circus.,stanch As I talked I noticed that Mr*. Ca f hands trembled, that her face grew]..de, and eyes sought those of her husband wit!: an ianrifT appeal. Occasionally Dick's eyes tr.rned I tot face of his wife, but for the most pan they* erf* hxed upon me, and a new and eager lights, in their depths. Both man and wife were w the influence of strong excitement, but so . stro" was their self-control", "so powerful the r^ that had become habitual to them, that li'.VFf |inisl> story was not interrupted. When 1 f Dick spoke in his slow, quiet way. . ^ " Would you mind showin' me thai .sixj^ . I drew the coin forth and passed it over, took it in his hand, turned it twice in Ins U'^ and then handed it to his wife, who H au n her chair. Then he arose and stood by fe, with his arm drawn protectingly about fllis face was quite grey under the tan. Catcher was weeping quietly, lye lhink you could lead me—lead us to the There you found that?" asked Catcher. I said, " I'm sure I could, but——" ?'d take it very Idnd of you, mate." Catcher had arisen, and was already bonnet upon her head. ft that some powerful motive underlay all id took up my hat at once. We walked in . Dick's attitude towards his wife was Sian usually protective, lierarniAvas linked llio helped her assiduously, and many times pered his eyes fixed upon her with pathetic ^s a long uphill walk in rough, lieavily ed and scrubby country, and two hours sent in the search for the big white gum parked the spot, but I found it at length. |u sir, here, Lena," said Dick, making a |r her on a log. ), 110, Dick she pleaded. " I must search, 1st not. dear.'"' he said in his strong, quiet |n<l without another word she seated hernd remained, silent and passive whilst her nd searched the ground over in every direc- 'ing the tree as a base. I asked no s but remained by Mrs. Catcher, a wonwlator. ; ; ''bed silently, tirelessly, for over an ' liddenly we were startled by a sharp \- dump of scrub about fifty yards pit into which Dick had just disappeared, fry seemed to awaken the wife from a vague i ^ ,ie sprang to lier feet and ran towards I followed. • Il! i us. There were tears on his cheeks ; ii": prey of a tempest of emotion, but he <'V!!:s about his wife. Lena," he said. " Don't look ! don't I must. For God's sake, let me see — herself from his arms, advanced a few paces, and sank upon her knees. On the ground before her lay what at lirst glance I took to be a small bundle of rags rotted and bleached by sun and rain, but looking closer I saw a small skull and the tiny bones 01 a baby skeleton. The woman was sobbing over it, and murmuring low, broken endearments; the man leaned against the butt of a tree, clinging to the bark, weeping like a child. * * * * The skeleton upon the grass was that of the only child of Dick and Lena, a baby girl of live, lost in the bush just twelve months earlier, and found at last through the agency of my defaced sixpence, the sixpence the unhappy mother had given her baby to play with a few minutes before it wandered away, never again to be seen alive. A POLITICIAN waltzed into Premier Lyne's £6000 worth of champagne with such vim that he was instantly re-christened " Champagne Charley." A PROMINENT professional man in one of th e suburbs, who married Miss Dot a year or so a<jo, is now a happy father, and speaks of his wife and child in a common term of arithmetic : " Dot and carry one." French Arch. German Arch. Military Arch, Oxford and College Streets. Aquatic Display, Farm Cove. PERHAPS the most notable circumstance in connection with the foundation of t li e Commonwealth i s the conversion of t h e Sydney Antis. "Jack 1 ' Want, who above all others in New South Wales fought hardest and most strenuously against Federation, who resigned his position in the Ileid Ministry to advocate on the platform his own views, and was the leading figure e uf opposition to the Bill fr_ roni first to last, has c^uit^ come round, and has determined to sail in the same boat with Federotionists. He has endeared himself forever to the hearts of all visitors to the ceremonies in Sydney by his efforts to make the official functions in every way worthy of his State. "Jack" accepted the position of chairman to one of the reception committees, and day and night for some weeks p a s t has scarcely ever left the committee rooms. During the past fortnight, he might be seen at the looms in his shirt sleeves from eight a.m. till midnight filling up invitation cards, addressing envelopes and giving directions so as to secure the attendance and comfort of all visitors. Mr. Want, in one of his speeches, said that now that he had fought against Federation and was beaten, now that Australia is united, he intends for the rest of his life to devote all his energies to making the Commonwealth of Australia a most glorious and magnificent success. He will join in with those who are determined to do their best to build up a great nation, and thus represent a Greater Britain in this Southern Jand. The pleasure he had experienced in meeting guests from the other colonies had been sufficient to satisfy him for all the wrongs he had done before. He believed his sins would be wiped out and forgiven if he had established bonds of friendship between many people. A NEW gospel is beingpreached in Germany. It is called " Germanism/' and was first heard by members of the Reichstag during a sermon delivered before them in the Royal Palace at Berlin by Court- preacherOhly. The " minister of the Gospel of Peace" impressed on his hearers the new evangel in the following words :—" We are entering an epoch in the world's history, an era of world conquests, all our energies must now be exerted that Germanism shall victoriously permeate the entire world. Germanism is a gospel, and if the word is to be ameliorated by means of Germanism it is the duty of the evangelical representative of the people to use all their power in safeguarding the treasure of this gospel." Think of it ! " Australia for the Germans" was a professedly humorous publication issued from PUXCH Office ; how far we fell short in our estimate of German ambitions can be judged from the above extract from Court- Parson Ohly's sermon. THE claims of Mr. George Jenkins. C.M.G., for the position of Clerk of Parliaments in the Commonwealth must be considered far superior to those of any other candidate. He was associated with the late Hon. James Service in bringing into existence the Federal Council of Australasia, and acted as clerk to that body at its last meeting held in Melbourne. He was chosen as clerk to the Australian Federal Conference held in Melbourne in 1890, when Mi- Gill ies was Premier. It was at this Conference that the late Sir Henry Parkes made those eloquent speeches, winch, being reported in all the principal Australian papers, brought the idea of Federation home to the whol<T of the people of the continent, and led to its actual accomplishment in the comparatively short space of ten years. Mr. Jenkins has been Clerk of the Assembly and Clerk of Parliaments in Victoria for twenty years, and altogether has been thirty-six years in the service of Parliament. Only three gentlemen are now alive who were members when Mr. Jenkins first joined the Parliamentary stall'. Although lie has been in the Queen's service for forty years, he is still in the prime of life, and retains the phenomenal memory which has been of so much advantage to himself throughout his life, and which was so useful to members .... ..„„ „„ u>, JtlcI1J1Jtli, on the frequent occasions when they sought information from him. Mr. Jenkins'services in the Federal cause generally and as clerk to the Federal Council, the Federal Conference and the Federal Convention held in Melbourne were given gratuitously, whilst other gentlemen acting in a similar capacity were handsonielyremunerated for their services. Mr. Jenkins'long experience in the Victorian Parliament should entitle him to the position of Clerk of the Commonwealth Parliament ; but in addition lie has the tact, the ability, the suavity of manner and the knowledge of Parliamentary practice that are essential for the proper fulfilment of the duties of that important office. THE public are interested in knowing who is to be the next Premier. The "Argus" supports General, had second position, and in the ordinary course of events would have been entitled to succeed Sir George Turner as Premier, although Sir George in his election campaign seemed to look upon Sir. Peacock as the future Premier. The affair could be settled by Mr. Isaacs holding the office pending the Commonwealth elections? The real position of ali'air is this : Before the last general election Mr. Isaacs definitelv announced his intention of standing for the Federal Parliament for the constituency of Indi. Notwithstanding that announcement he was elected unopposed, for the members of the constituency de=ired that he should not sever his connection :ih them. It may J be noted also that the eonv ~ ~ ^vvi Uiuv tUdU uuc ViUli* stituency of Bogong, which he now represents in tlie State Parliament, is also included in the larger one of Indi. When the M'Lean Governm e n t was ousted he was invited to become a member of the Turner Administration, and although it was thoroughly well known that he was a candidate for Federal honours, he was appointed second in the Government. Therefore, as second in the State Parliament, it is con- tended that so long as he remains in that position it is only reasonable that he should have the advantages as well as the disadvantages appertaining to the position. ° THERE has been a big row in connection with the building of the Opera House of Mr. Harry lackards But it was a row between Backhouse and Backhouse, architects, of Sydney, and Mr. VI. Pitt architect, of Melbourne. Rickards was brought into it and the result has been that the 8 delayed f 0r some , fc ^ E ' , - kll ° Use ana Backhouse tied down Rickards by an agreement, and wanted to "run the whole aflair and ignore Mr Pitt the T\1el bourne man. But Mr. Pitt had an agreement by winch he was to approve of all the plans in connection with the building, and hi therefore had the upper hand, and Rickards had to settle with the Sydney people. T e na tais now ended, and evervthimr 7™; smoothly The b a ^ T ^ i i r S S by May, and will cost Harry Rickards £35 0<T Ie has secured a lease for fifty years, and has bor rowed the money from a Scotch syndicate. The place will be known in the future is « Rickards® Opera House," and that fact will be proclab ed SebJdint n C " hglltedletterSOn t l e fr ° nt ° f THE cod difficulty at Newcastle has made its effect felt in a large number of ways hi Mei bourne. The increase in the price S coaJ wi l cost the Wtorian Railwavs £50,000 and evlrv week that the 'i/Hiculty'continues'mean"^11 extra expense to the Melbourne City Coum-il of £250, and it isjbeing seriously oonsit!- :-ed win ^ it will not be compulsory to cease orkinu' "j destructors and cart the garbage to placc sH distance away from the city, or take t out to^ Then there 'is the electric lighting J | question is to be considered whethe- .i ^l'r i coal can be obtained to carry on this ^ er - v J brown coal may have to be used ; f<>-.' the m® ! our local collieries are on strike. THE beer-poisoning epidemic in ' caused by efforts to cheapen the co.-; of pr« tion. "Commercial' sulphuric a < : ! ,'"' as ^ in the process of manufacturing br. s^ and specimens of this sulphuri< at* 1 ' 1 recently been shown to be highly <• V arsenic. Birmingham has taken ;: ' lva ?|L| the poisoning scare to boom home-bicwed u^J a manner which is original, if it is lict 1IUr j fJ " Free " publicans are circulating ei' v <^,,roa JJ inviting the public to " Drink pure beer i ^^ from malt and hops, and not from Sl ' ien ,p lf saccharine." Another card bears the Kr " Drink home-brewed beer and save expenses." There is, no doubt, a ! ' itot r ,. ( in Australia, where sugar beers are '^-j, sumed, and attempts are being m-nle O.V ^ tisements to assure the local beer-drinW - 1 safety. But in the face of what has occui' England he is likely to be driven tn te> or beer, unless Parliament soon passes ! l n prevent the adulteration now practiced- THE operation of the new Money-ien<j"g;| now in force in England, has established prising fact that less than ten per cent, n money-lenders are Jews. POUIIXK PUNCH beat all Australian illusjounialistic records in the production last f its ]•! line pictures of tlie Commonwealth tions ID Sydney. Its photographs were H published iu Victoria, all the other feted weeklies being anticipated by three I':!!!- nil' tiiK coup required skilful 'Hid i'nuii'jit. execution, as may h .Huil , - , -.. . . • , ,. •• . <"•• when H is remembered that j^^ /: eR : 1, " J, ! V ' w ! llcl ! I'UNCH haf-X ublie in PUNCH'S pages at the usual trly on Thursday morning. The slightest _w<iuld have made tliis performance, i-'h', and all risks were minimised liij^Mnnujg two separate staffs of photothe work and a special courier pictures to Melbourne, so that postal ,ac«ideiit«-._at an,y stage might be insured^again^tj. jf^ photographers, Messrs. Tys^^o^w^jKjiiey, deserve the best thanks CH for their Kea/atifui pictures. Notvithji^^dingiVi^sretit Jiil 11^7 in which tliey were (^jej 1^^™®*®Me Ijest open-air photos we have -Ngt^E place 130 years ago on the ^^v^^JJ&eSok; on the shores of Botany Bay W P K S lAst Monday, as the climax painted cast anchor in the bay, and twenty-five blackfellows brought from Queensland, armed with spears, boomerangs, nullahs and shields, waited on land the arrival of the boats' crews from the barque. On the boat nearing the shore, four ot the blacks, who were spearing fish in the water, ran away up the hill, and shortly returned with their mates, yelling defiance to the boat's crew. Iheir charge down the hill, in all their warpaint, evoked loud cheers from the spectators. The whole performance was gone through with much fidelity to the original landing, and gave great pleasure to the spectators. -• THJS Christchurch "Press" furnishes its truly splendid "Memorial ot the First Half-Century in Canterbury, JS'.Z., 1850—1900." Illustrations pepper all the seventy pages of reading matter, and include over four hundred portraits of ladies and gentle.nen who were pioneers. There are facsimiles ot the London posters, announcing the ships to sail with the Canterbury Pilgrims ; also a reproduction from the " Illustrated London News," 1850, of the four emigrant ships at Gravesend, bound for New Zealand. The Canterbury Association, headed by the Archbishop, had a mighty committee, into which all the bishops and lords seemed to be crammed. Wakefield and Godley, the founders, are done justice to. Christchurch is claimed to be the nicest city in Australasia. The business parts of this record interest us most in frozen meat and engineering, while the perhaps unrivalled agriculture of XeTv Zealand does not bulk up so 'much as fullj to satisfy our crave. ONE of the troubles of Mr. Fosbery, Inspector- General of Police, KS. W., during the Commonwealth celebrations was the number of people Avho wished to enjoy the privileges of Pressmen. The " Faraway Express," the " Gollywolly Mer- cury" anil papers of their class were all right —their representatives were " distinguished visitors," and received every courtesy from the Department; but when vendors of evening papers, printers' devils, carriers and canvassers claimed special police passes, he began to think every man in Sydney was a Pressman. MRS. MAVMUCK, who has been kept in prison for many years for poisoning her husband with arsenic, may have a chance of being released now that it has been clearly demonstrated that the beer sold in Liverpool, Manchester, Birmingham, London and othei cities in England contains enough arsenic to cause death. Mrs. Maybrick has always maintained her innocence, and Sir Charles Russell (afterwards Chief Justice of England), who defended her. up to his death maintained his belief that she was not guilty. A comparison of Mr. Mavbrick's symptoms whilst ill, with those who contr acted peripheral neuritis from drinking "chemical beer" may show* a possibility that May brick swallowed the arsenic that caused his death in the beer e drank. Tableau of the Landing of Captain Cook at Botany Bay. The Labour Arch. 