A^r i cul in ra 1 (i. NARRAOOORTE BRANCH. The monthly meeting was held on Saturday: afternoon, February 9. There tvere present Messrs. S. Sohinckel (ohairmin), H. Bock, Forafcer.F. Welcome, A.. Caldwell, VV. Hastings, and A. Johnstone (bon." secretary). j Mr. E. C. rBateB looked. in and asked to be ex- j onsedJfrom, attendance. ^en'^Midn i»* sent—Messrs. Evan Thomas and Hasaler. The | Chairman apologised for the non- attendance of Metsrs. G. Wardle and Job Wynea. The minutes of the previous meeting were read and confirmed. J CaUEE8PPNDEtffOB. "i.The, Generiil'Ssoretary wrote stating that 'tbS Central Tlrafcch'had''approved of Messrs. A. Caldwell, J. 3. For*tor, F. Welcome, and W. Hastings being members of the Branch. TheGeneral Secretary _wfote,*tatiDg that in the absenoe'»fany}si^oial; papers or matters to disDUEsHhere^-were tiumber-of subjeotB branches could disouss, of which a list was given. In it were the subjects of manures, feed for horses, watering horses, horse efopk, dairy stock, weeds, storage of cockiea' chaff,' the prevention and extinguishing of bush fires, seed wheat, etc. A paper, read by Mr. R. Marshall, of Templars, at the last Bureau Congress, was recommended for .conversation and disoussion. ; A,copy of the agricultural and livestock statistics of South Australia fpr the^ ^previous year, received from the Agricultural Depart- j ment, was laid on the table. j WHEAT BAGS. Mr. Fnrster thought they should discuss the, matter of allowance for wheat bags when sell ing their wheat, r They cost the ,farmer 6^d, and tihey were only ralioWed at' the "rate of .l^d ' for them. At":the present low price of ^wheait this , was an important consideration.—The Chairman said that the matter had been dis- • ■cussed frequently at branches, and it had "been* threshed out at one-of the 'Bureau Congresses, but no plan conld be hit upon for dealing,, with the grievance,- There were two sides ilo the. question, audnhey should remember when the price of'wheat was -high , the farmer gained.—' Mr. Forater was npfc aware the matter, had been considered." It *wae a question that should bedealtwithinjustieeto the farmer. Then a similar mattes cropped up in buying flour. They were sold 200 lbs. to the bag, and they only received 197 Ins. owing to the bag weigh-, ing 3 lbs.—Mr. Caldwell- did not know much about the matter, but he understood that the bag became jthe property of the purchaser, and ifithey reckoned the prioe of flout at ljd per lb. "the buyer wbhld evetrthen be the gainer^ \ f- ^1 NEW hembeb?^ " " "" The Chairman said tie was pleased to see Messrs. Thomas and Sassier, of the Narra coorte School, present. _ He had pleasure in proposing that Mr. Hauler be a member of the Branch.—Seconded"-by Mr. Buok, and carried. SEASONABLE NOTES FOB THE FABM._ -. The Chairman (Mr. S. Schinckel) read the following paper entitled "Seasonable Notes for the Farm"Harvesting operations bang now all over it is necessary that all imple ments, waggons, tools, etc., Bbould be placed under cover, to be protected from the hot sun. Where stripping has been done, and straw baa to be gathered, it should, be : done without de lay audicarefallyetaoked, .which, if .not used for stock as fodder, will be found very useful for bedding down horses (thereby making manure), .roofs for" rough -sheds, and many other things. Haystacks wbioh are not already thatched should be done at the earliest opportunity, as one never knows when heavy fall of rain may oome and damage a lot of good hay. Where mangolds and kail are grown, and they should' be grown on every farm, it is neoessary that they Bhould be well boed.with a horse-hoe between the rows, so as to get "all the'benefits of any summer "showers that may fall, and keen the ground oaen and loose. See that all Btook is receiving plena; of good clean water. It is very important that sheep should receive a liberal supply of salt, , with a'little'sulphate - of iron, one in fif teen to twenty being about the correct thing. This will be-found very beneficial, especially to young sheep, as it helps to keep them in good health during the dry season of the year. Cattleshouid also receive salts end Sulphate of iron in their drinking water, whioh is a great preventative of impaction, with which we are greatly troubled at' this time of the year. Rams should not be with the ewes after January 31, so that the lambing should be over before the weather getB too cold. It is a good plan to give.sheep a little chaff when grass is getting scarce. It keeps ..the young sheep growing well, who often'get poor and stunted at this time of the year, and it prevents a a break in the wool, which of ten occurs at this time, and later. A few tons of chaff used in this way oan be very wisely disposed of. It is a good plan at this time of the year, or earlier, to remove all stock from one paddock, so as to let all seed fall, to seoure a good thick coat of grass the following year. This should be done with all grass paddocks every few years on small holdings.' This may not be praotioable, bat on large ones it can be done to advantage. Next month I would advise farmers who had land under crop last year, and not intended for cultivation this year, Co give it a good harrowing, and sow from five to ten pounds of white nmstard per acre, which, with early rains, will give.a good crop of green feed for lambing ewes. Many other good grasses may also be tried in the same manner. Prepare land for-green'feed by deep cultivation. Give plenty of old stable manure, aud, when sowing, add a few lbs. of lucerne, which might give a very profitable crop. Keep all manure well heaped , up. . A watering now and again will do it a lot of good. Clean out, all pipes and gutters, and see nothing is left to cause over flowing, which does great damage to, walls, eto. ' Fencing should also be attended to wherever repairs are needed, and a good sup ply of firewood carted befpre ploughing com mences. Farthers who have not their seed for the present season's sowing: should seoure it without delay, as later you'may not be able to secure what you want, and take care-if pur chasing elsewhere you do not introdncs fresh weeds. All farm implements, vehicles, gates, etc., - will- be greatly benefited by a coat Of paint. : Harness should be well washed and carefully oiled. The fields now being minus of crop the sparrows will be found in large numbers around the hay-stack,. ..Where each is the case they should be poisoned with poisoned grain or bre^d. . This is. an impor tant matter,' which is sadly neglected by many farmers. A strict eye shoqld also be kept on the rabbits,^ Oo not think if yon have killed y our rabbits to the satisfaction of the inspec tor that tbat ought; to; be sufficient; no, but keep on killing as long as you have any to kill, for every one killed now mil be one less to .breed next season. As. the ploughing season ie fast' approaohing all ploughs and harness should be. repaired at: the earliest, if repairs are needed, as later in the season your black-; ■smith may be 'too busy to do the: work when; reauired. ' Fancy a farmer harrowing with! dull pointed' harrows, which' one often sees.: Hpsavma,few shillings: on blacksmith's bills, \ bnthowmany pounds does he not loose on his ' crop, 3 ub6 because the harrows vnU hot do the workas they , should .do.;, The same thing ap plies toaplough out ofjepair. ' iStriot. atten tion should now' be given to poultry, as it is at this time of the year that -many of jbhem die. They should always have plenty of good dean ■and,cool water.. In my mind it is for, the want of this'that so many people'loose poultry dur ingiiheisummer months.. Fowl houses should be saturated with sheep dip by rthe . pse of a smalliBKray, or anything agitable:' The sheep dip, Ithink,, ia. better than -liaiefor keeping down Vermin. Stinkwort should now be oare ,-fullywatched ioriC "Any farmer who has not hie land over-ran with this wged should make rt ia p raottioe^o' piiU dp' ©very plint he 'comes aorosa; even those far^mers who: have large quantities of it should, for the sake of their fellow men, try all means in their powor to prevent it spreading all-over our district. Any rubbish which may be found in the garden should be cleaned op end burnt. Digdeeply allepsre Vegetable• beds,' so as to" haW a fair (tilth for the early planting of various vegetables. —Membersj-generally considered the paper a very^pracrioable one. -j Some ..members loon sidered-it yery djjfficult^b 'poison sparrows. They were pry: cunning fiirds land Seemed^to know by instinct when ^poiBOgedbgita' were laid for them, Bhosphonsed wheat was little use, as the smell was quite enough to put them off it. Sir. Johnstone satd that he had put down good wheat regularly in one place to attraot them, jand when ' he Aad. put the poTsohed stuff down they would not touch it.—Mr. Hassier suggested tbe use of poisoned water.—The Ohairman thought it would not do in this distriot, .as. they could get plenty [ ?\ >-■ -r: . ; '• - ' ' ' ' of water. —Other members thought it would be daugeroua to use poisoned water close to a homestead and uthen thought that poisoned wheat would be equally dangerous, as fowls and other animals would get at both water and wheat.— The Chairman tbouglit it was a poor farmer that had not an enclosure to keep his fowls in.— Mr. Caldwell thought Mr. Schineke.l was entitled to their thanks for going to the trouble to prepare such a useful paper, lie hearciiy agreed with him in regard to rabbits. It seemed to him from the little he saw of the country and from what he could hear that rabbits were more numerous this year than they had been for years. He did hot know whether it was for the want of ener getic and combined aotion in dealing with them. JEven around the township he had seen rabbits plentiful where he had not eeen them for years. One would think they would have been much scarcer considering that within the last two or three years they had trapping ; operations daring winter, followed by poison •ing operations during summer. — Mr. Forster attributed their increase just now to the good seasons they had for the past two or three years and their breeding largely. He thought people generally were exerting themselves as - much as formerly in getting rid of them.—Mr. A. Johnstone seconded the vote of thanks to Mr. Schinokel, and it was carried. BGSH FIRES. The Chairman said tbey had been much \- troubled with bush-fires this season, and there was muoh speculation as to how they origin ated. Some thought they frequently origin ated through laying phosphorieed grain to poison rabbits. — Mr. Buck thought wax matches was the worst-thing.—The Chairman did, not know if that was the oause, but he knew fires mysteriously origin ated. He thought they might discuss the best way of preventing them from doing damage and extinguishing them. His brother, who was farming in Victoria, was telling him that he saw a plough in jSThill wbioh sbfmm'ed 'an 8ft. furrow and it threw the soil removed clean over another 8ft., which would make a fire-break of 16ft. Suoh a plough would be very useful in making fire-breaks. He bsliered in making furrows and burning strips sgainst them or between them. This was the best fire-break,, ■bat few people took:prestations against fires and they must expeot damage f romthem.—Mr. Buoksaid they could not do better than plant j potatoes for tire-breaks or some other crop ! that would be green daring summer.—Mr. ! Forster said there was no use planting] green crops nnleBsthey wire-netted them,. ana such crops would, be too expensive to put down as fire-breaks. He believed in burning between furrows.—In reply to a question Mr. Forster said his holding esoaped the fire that came from Morambro on Thursday last and swept across the Plains by running, a plonsrh furrow and burning against it. Thongb his oountry was iu the track of the firs he saved his. own holding and a big extent of other oountry.—A discussion took place on phosphorus and its liability to ignite in the open air.— The Chair man Baid to prevent combustion it was the ; practice to dissolve it in bi- sulptude of carbon, j —Mr. Hassler believed in dissolving it iu boil ing water.—The Chairman said that boiling water did not dissolve it so well as bi- srilphide of carbon.—Mr. Hassler said that bi sulphide of oarbon was dangerous in itself.. He thought boiling water the safest if done thoroughly.— Mr. Hastings said be always nsed boiling water and believed it was safer.—Members generally thought the beBt way to prevent the spread of fires was by plough furrows and burning strips of laud between them.—The Chairman regretted to hear that a number of email blockers on the Border Town road had . suffered a good deal of damage from the Morambro fire on Thursday and that they were unable to bear the loss. He understood that some of them had not a blade of grass left, that they had lost fowls and some stock, and their gardens were ruined. It was their duty to give them what assistance they could. He was willing to give a ton of ob&ff.; He had no doubt the Narracoorte Herald would take charge of and acknowledge all' donations.— Mr. Forster oould bear ont what the Chairman had said. There were five or eix blockers burnt out who would be greatly handicapped in getting their living. They had no feed for their stobk and he thought they should try and do something for them. He would give five bags of wtieat to assist them in feeding their fowls.—Mr. Buck said he would give half a fconofobaff.—Mr. Caldwell said he would gladly take oharge of and acknowledge am- mnts received for suoh a fund, but it would be neces sary to appoint a Committee to see what they oould do to relieve them and reoeive donations, and also to divide between theui what they reoeived in accordance with the damage eaoh incurred.—Mr. Foreter proposed that a Com mittee consisting of Messrs A. Caldwell, W. Buck,'. S. Sohinckel and the mover be a ap pointed. to initiate a movement among the pnblio to relieve the blockers on the Border Town road who suffered by the fire on Thurs day, the 7th inst., and to co-operate with any other body who may be appointed to take similar steps, and that the "Herald" be asked to open a Fund. Seconded by Mr. F. Wel come.—Carried. • MISCELLANEOUS. Mr. Baoklaid on the, table a epeoimen of furze. It seemed too tough for stock to eat.— Mr. Johnstone said it was the rough variety used for hedges; there was a softer variety which a took would eat. TheGhairman called for volunteers for a paper at next meeting, but there was no re sponse. It was decided that the subject for dirousaion ! next meeting would b3' "Seed wheat-best varieties—best way to clean same for aowing—full plump grain v. poor shrivelled grain". . Mr. Thomas, the Head Master of the Narraooorte School, desired .to say a few words with the Chairman's permission. Hi. wished to say that he was greatly pleased at finding on:his arrival in Narracoorte the keen interest parents add the people of Narraooorte gener ally took in the school. It gave him great oourage in: taking over the school and he had noidoubtthat-interest would continue. He had noticed that[the Vigilance Committee had sent aqommanicafeion to tfae Braooh asking the members'co-operation-in making the Agri cultural school a suooees. He aotioed that|tbey had agreed to do so on bonditio'ns. He oould assure them thathe would be pleased to re ceive'every assistance from them at all dimes and all suggestions would receive due consider ation. Hecoqldalso assure them that Mr. Hassler, the teaoher of {the olaes, would wel ooweall the assistance that he oould get. The Vigilance Committee bad decided to offer two prises in connection with the Agricultural Class, viz., one for the best essay by a boy for outdoor vvork and the other to a girl for the best essay on indoor work. He would be glad at'all times tp welcome any member of the Bnrean at thedass.. Mr. Hassler did not profesk to be a qualified agriculturist or horti oulturalist, but be wa3 enthusiastic in his work and was willing to learn all he .oould from every' source.—Mr I 'Hassler said be would bs glad of any suggestions from anyone. He was not a practioal man, but was willing to learn ! all be could. Hei bad been a member of the fort Gordon Branob.—The Chairman said that members wonld be only too pleased to do what they oould in the interests of the class.' They would like to see the Class a auooess, and anything they osnl^.dd would he was sure be done.—Mr. Hassler said. that he bad' a little experience in experimenting in agriculture in thejNorth, but the usnditions in the South East were different to those In the North, so he wonld weloome any adyioe or bints gives to. him.— The Chairman said that later on in the season when experiments were carried on the 1 members wonld visit Mr. Hassler and his plot. There were some interesting -experiments with manure in the plot last year, and the membets were mnoh interested in them.— Mr. Hassler said that he experimented with 20 manures last year, the manures having been presented to the school gratiB by the merchants. He supposed they oould be got thisyear for Narra coorte. The Chairman said that they bad beard nothing yet about the Congress of Bureaus at Penola. ' It was time there was a'move made in the matter. •. 