THE SOUTHERN DISTRICTS. OUR WEEKLY NEWS-BUDGET. The Payne Family at Mount Barker to- night. A new schoolmaster's residence is being erected at Clarendon, where a comfortable house for the teacher has long been necessary. The tender of Captain R. M. Randell (£150 per year) for the conveyance of mails between Mannum and Murray Bridge has been accepted by the Postal Department. The business at the committee meeting of the Mount Barker Agriculturii Society on Monday evening 'next will he to receive replies from the judges end to dispose of the booths for show day by auction. Considerable annoyance bus been expressed by residents of the Mount Barker district ut the decision of the Postal Department to alter the Wistow mails from'a daily to a tri weekly service, especially as there was no pre liminary intimation of the change. Following the lead of Gumeracha and Lobethal, residents of the Aldgate district have decided to erect a monument in memory of Trooper Page, a local member of the Imperial Contingent, who was killed in the war. At a public meeting on Monday even- ing a committee was appointed to formulate a scheme. A correspondent reports a prolific fruit harvest in the Clarendon district. All varie ties have been plentiful, while the plum-trees have borne so extraordinarily well that the brandies bare been broken down with the weight of (lie fruit. Mr. T. FMwurds, of the local jam factory, has taken a rere large quantity of fruit, but. even then there will be h hig surplus, which it wdl nut pay to cart to the city. At 'the :iiitinal meeting of subscribers to the Cr:»fer that the library, which h -« i heen added to by 50 new hooks during 'he year, now con tained l(IOl) volumes. The officers elected were : —Pr-ritlinit, Mr. A". ?R. Dautpej vice-, prefid nt, Mr. W. MeGre-jnrj committee, Rev. F. II Stok-s find'Messrs. \Y. Mensday. K. Grime-, and ]). Brown j treasurer, Mr. J. ; Frurei.t ; secretary, Mr. A.Sriyce; auditors, Messrs. Henry Scott and A. Heath. —♦— [From Our Own Correspondents.] Gumeracha. February 12. The miniver* »♦ y of the Forreston Sunday ■s-liool waj. |j.].i oil Sunday, February 8, wiicfi 1 h«- K-'v. \Y. Gilumur, of Angiiston, ; nrenrhel to orei ll nving e tiarcgutions. On : I'tio- biv the Himn 11 1 and'-pubiio merling- I we e l)i-! 1. Tli.'t-a wai served ill a J:irg»* | ten! erected for tin? purpose; and was well; the public -rhool. Mr Gj»rje Ifunnaford, of Dingo Vale, presiding. Tn* chairenun a the Bera. Glmur, l'a-coe, and Henderson delivered n ldres-e?. The usual reports were preceded hy Messrs. B. Cornish ond \V. .r„un< s >ii. The sc'i ilnv choice selec tions from *' Choral Anthems." The auni versri'T was the most successful yet held in this neighborhood, ab nil £16 being netted. An excellent site has been bought for build ing, i'i ;id Ijtioii to which something like £140 ha* been promised towards tiie cr clion of the schoolroom, which is expected to co-*l about £250. A welcome home was accorded on Thursday last, at the Gumeracha Institute to Troopers T. and J. Muir, who had returned invalided from the war in South Africa. On entering the building our boys were loudly cheered. Mr. J. Monfries, chairman of the district council, occupied the chuirand welcomed tin soldier brothers in fitting terms. The Re?. E. J. Henderson and Messrs. T. Pfldtim, S. Gent, W.J. Murtiu, and Dr. Stephens also spoke. Trooper T. Mu:r replied. Misses Henderson and Monfries rendered solos and a quartette parly (Misses Minnie Kursworthy and Theel and Messrs. F. T. Norswnrthy and A. E. Milne) gave a pleasing concerted piece. Trooper T. Muir delivered a lecture upon his war experiences and retained the close atten tion and interest of his audience for an hour A rote of thanks was proposed to him, to Liu ladies, the vocalists, and others. A coffee supper followed. About £6 was thus raised for tlie Hartley Moore memorial. I hear that some much-needed additions arc to be made to the District Hotel. The number of visitors this summer is pulling Mrs. Gerhard to much inconvenience, and I am glad that (he landlord intends to provide more accommodation. Tins is the only way to prevent a rival house being erected here. —♦— Woodside, February 13. The weather ha* been simply beastly, and bushfires uJl round did not tend to improre mutters. The anniversary of 1 he Methodist Sunday* school was celebrated on Sunday, when the Her. J. Thorne conducted three services, which were well attended in spite of the oppressive weather. Special singing was rendered by the children, assisted by adults, with Mr. A. W. Seogriro at the organ, while a number of the scholars gave recitations. On Monday a public tea in connection with the above was held, followed by a meeting, at which the Her. B. 0. Matthews spoke, the singing of the children und the choir also being a feature. Supper followed, and the annual picnic is to Luke place on Thursday at Ambleside. Mr. K. Wood, M.P., is billed to deliver an address here on Friday night on the Federal tariff, and his dodger givrs (he idea that he will attempt to prove to the dairy farmers I of Onkuparing* liow much better off they ' will be if the tariff is framed so as to admit dulv free to the Common.wealth cheese, j from New Zealand or any other place that has a surplus of the commodity. —♦— Strathalbyn, February 13. Mr. James Allan, of Allandale, met with a serious accident on Thursday, by which be may probably lose the use of his right hand. He was carting stone on the Ashbourne road, and while blocking the wheel of his dray with a stone he slipped. In trying to save himself by catching hold of the spokes of the wheel he got his hand caught between the spokes and the bottom of the dray, the result being that the flesh was torn from the palm and three ligaments were partially severed. He was brought into Strathalbyn and attended to by Dr. Auricht, who had to put in a number of stitches. The patient passed a very painful night on Wednesday, but the doctor is hopeful that no permanent injury will result. February 14. On Wednesday evening a lecture was given in the institute hall by one of the returned South African warriors, among whom was Trooper Pope, of your town. The attendance was only fair on account of due notice of the meeting not being given. —♦— Cooke's Plains, February 13. On Thursday last we experienced a terrific dust storm from the north. The wind blew with eucli force that it cipsizejlj^jstacks, un roofed out houspe, and completely demolished the shelter she I which wTs erected at the school for the bencGt of the children. Fortunately the storm eoon passed over, c the damige to homesteads would have been very considerable. —♦— Murray Bridge, February 13. The Royul Bioscope Corapanv care per formances here on Thursday and Friday nights to good audiences. The stationary pictures of scenery ivouid be hard lo equal, while the cinematograph views were fairly distinct, but looked rather worn. The rainbow dunce given by Miss Mountcastle was much admired. Monday was one of the most disagreeable days we have experienced this summer. Willi the thermometer at about llOJeg. in the shade we were called upon to endure a dust atorin so thick that for a minute or two objects a short distance away were invisible. XmcSrily, however, it was soon over. The wind was so strong Lhat it lifted part of the roof at the loco, sheds, but no other damage wa* done. In the evening of the same day Mr. Craw- ford Vaughan a candidate for Federal honors, was to hare delivered an address on " Free trade and Land Values Taxation" in the assembly-room, hut owi*»g to the Intense heat lie adjourned to Ih'e "Bridgeport Hotel, were «m open-air meeting was held, Mr. C» 35. Jams presiding. A uumber of the members of the liocal Defence Rifle Club will parade with others on lite arrival of the Imperial Contingent next week and also witness the proclamation ceremony. —♦— Milang, February 13. A bazaar in aid of the local Sunbeam Circle took place in the institute on Saturday after noon. Good business was done at the various mail*, and a fiir sum was netted. Miss H. lj*tvi»eer, 1 Ue leader of the circle, deserves great praise for her efforts. The importance of Milang as a supplier of stock for the Adelaide market was again evidenced yesterday, when 13 truckloads of sheep and two trucks of pigs were sent away. —♦— Mannum, February 13. Members of the district council started out f-o inspect the muin roods in the district on Thursday mormug last, but the heat and dust proved too much for both man and heust und, after travelling over the .Adelaide road and a portion of the Murray Bridge road, the party were glad to get back -to Mmnum to wash down the dust with long ileevers in the cool retreat of McMillan's Hotel. Shortly after taking the horses out of the buggy one of them was seen to be in great pain, and in less than two hours the animal was dead. 'flu Ro.ml Bioscope Entertainment Com. pany showed in tbe local institute o«^ Saturday and Monday evenings to very poor houses, the bent no doubt accounting for the small attendances. Tbe war pictures were very clear and duly appreciated by the audience, while Miss Mountcaslle had to repeat her clever rainbow dance. Mr. Crawford Vaughsn, & candidate for the Federal Parliament, addressed about 30 free and independent electors in the institute-Thill last night iu the interests'of freelrade and direct taxation. 