other district reports. Coj.ebaine, Friday. A larg fir© took place yt-storday to the north east of Cok-raioo, burning a large scopo of tho fame country that was swrpt by tbs outbreak this tunu lost Bummw. It eeems to have brokan ont on Wednesday evening, Ana was wo to be burning tliat night somewhere in the vicinity nf tho old school house build ing at firiljurfc. Under tin- fierce heat nna strong north wind of the following murmng it i soon n#«'imcd large dimensions, and spreAd throtich MMvillo Fott, Toulang and W ilder- ; im«.s A larjp: drag l".id >( je-immB left i Uolcraino during thu morning to rendur what i In-Ill they could, and coining up with the fire nnai the Tuulanc fchr-t-p-var.U. saved n large nn. uf J-Rfing n.atoual.' In a few jdsros |h» Iwuters «'or- flhlt- !« k".-p tf/v hre witl/rn bound find prevent it spreading, bill really Very little c-oiild be dune, from the great li-at and fierce rapidity with wlmh it trivriled. With the chnng'i t'f wind in the « ftwrtioru, tlie fin- turned, and Mwept with n wide imfm-kon facn cistnaid, thrmigh Ikung Uriuigk' aud Snrinswixid. tuward the Y antiun. llnw far it went in that direction I was unablu tu hear, biirfro-othrreflertinii visiUe it wo burning 1st.- into the nieht. of tho damage are nut vet known here, hut many thousand H-rcs of C'.t-s must have been burned, ill- chilli, Iff Mr, I'.ilridl Malmiioy's, wliicli wns nil swept, utilv the bouse being savwu. A number of sln-ep at..- knoun t-i li.ive been burned on the Wilik-rne-! etato, ami Mr. Tho. Kees is said to have lest some Wa.v.vo.v, Friday. A large biieli lire occurred lu-re yesterday. htnrling fr-'in riringcgalguiia, th ough Melville Purest, 'iriljurk, Muilllt Kornite, Toolang, Prune Rriingla ntvA Springwurri. It then j. untied tin.- Wnnnmi River over into Mr. I't.jiih-II's pruporty and NigrvtUl. Tlie Brung Brungle liuiu'-sttad, hut and wuoMied had n vcrv nariuvv ee-'aiiu of b-'ing burnt down, sud tw,» hay stocks were burnt down on Spring- wund. The firo was cmning very strong to- w.-irds the Wniiiiun Hotel, but with the as sistance of suine able ineit it was kept under. The vxl-nt of I he UaiiiAge dunt? is not yet known here, hut it tfc f S|«ctcd that serious looses have b<-un sustained. CiKTKirros', Friday. Yestenlay was thf hutb'st day felt herb for a 2<;;ig tiirn-, flie therm-mefer in p lures ofoud nt 110. A icgiiliir brickfielder was blowing a full gale all dny and tie- dust was blinding. Towards o'chH-k the wind changed arid a few drupi» of rain fell, cooling the air. whudi was to-rv neci-plable. Whvn ifn.- wind changed it was plain tu see thai tlo-n- lin-l 1-f n bush (ires, but Ll in the inn bate m ighlseirlioud. As afterwards learnt lln-so firo were in the diieetion uf t;ra«sdale and Hrsiixhnliiie. The fires had evervwhere Hffei-t-d Hie tel.gr.ij.il line, which wa- interrupted, and the tram did nut reach here nil five „Vloek thi» morning, owing to being delayed by the (ire-. IVnku.ii, Friday. I cannot give anv i- liable iiatticulars ulruut the K-ualwal fire ' further tfian that it was utopprd about eight miles from hero last night, nfiuiii half-pa"! ten, at a lane known n« ( ttllian's, which rims due north and south mid joins tin' Hamilton and Cuvuinlisli roads. The tire i-aiiiu fioiii' thu direction of Me>srs. Bromell'.- an l UrewU's. Mount Stui-g-oii was unforionuto 111 hnving nnotbertire, wliich iw-ke out about ten o'cloik on Tuesday morions in n p.dd..tk known aS.l.vk>un\ |.-ii,glowai.|s the Waimou rhci' c.i-l of Mt. Abrupt. Although the .lav vv.a-j ealin H burnt ab-ut bVNi aena> and the dniflilig v.u:N bi-foiv it 1.1,1 Ik- got under by the niiiuiier of willing liand- that turned vi'if to as-ist. Yesterday, owing tu tho Inch wind, it In "In mil twice, but n liiiinb> i of men u ho o t'ie u .it. J(iiie' Ifi -(tnigfrd <o got it tindoi. I'KNSHiiisr. Friday. Thursday v.a? one uf the w,.,4 davs owr cxiiericne.,.! in 1 'eii-li ii rst. F"iluiiat'dv. we f-eam.d th- ovist virir.ifien uf uil-bnsfi tin s. The beat w.-.- inUlis'- all tlic- fuit-ii'H.n. and after dinm-r » g tle uf wind sprang u;». carrying w it I j it tnouiilaiiis "f ,lun, wliich ; u -iir-tlut 1 cveiy where. i ynnl-- was the limit of iimti's vision dining t lift,-en minules it laKted. Inn from th. i mfs mid v. randahb was Iviim nil over the town-hi;>. and iimnc liitely ut> the c-s.;,tH.n .<f the st Tin all liamU were busily \ engag- 1 in recovering ?o.-t iiun rmd sccttriftg i llieir P.-N in aisc of a repetition. Just outride : the town ln-r-s w. n- uprooted ill even- direction, n f.-w small st.u k- levelled, and in one ea-e alien 1 three tens of hay whs scattered about the common. Tlwre una u iiiutuw e.wape fruin a a I " i "ll o d . - ' 1 1 V lT .'J k lft t 1 A1 V- ,T I > SJi I Av V1 1 ! a i i ri re si i u J saloon, lie wa> ulime iu the simp when tlir' tin- look plai.e. and was foitimal'-lv i» b-at it out before becoming exhausted bin. self. Tho )>> wii-. unit, only some .trip-lies mid towels hriiiL destroviil. while Mr. Ihmmv |„,.l hi-j hand buiut. Out- minute's delay, iiu-1 it Would I'-iVo iirohabu'destroycl alt tlu hmldings from the IVuduimt Imtel to M'N.-o's .-tore. C'.njmh, I'ridnv. Duriiiu the bush tiro v,-t,.r.|uv the- Ruinan Catholic Chuu-I. «n- l.u'rnf to tl.e ground, in- eluding about £3»i worth uf m-w caip.-t mid CmiimiMM.m i!atc. n-c-mlv j.loce-I in it. Tim whob-omnt.y wc.Ur most desolate upp.-ar- mipu Tin- Cliuu-li of England pio)>l-ri.v was only ha v. . 1 bv suvt-rnl hours" lmn.1 lighting, the ladies woikiiig sph-ndidly ull tlm time, and w ill, great prea -nv.- of mind. The tone had to go, mid mili-s were destroyed. The Kev. W. Buttock" horm.-A got well singed, but do not hi-ein any tbe wor.se to dny. The enw" were also saved. I am glad to oav that the n-sideneu of Mrs. L-wis w»h Mv,ri. For- luiiHtely there was a gardener At wurk at the place, viz.. Mr. S 'Cayfur, who fouplit tlm ti.iiues fiingl.-hunded, and thussaved tin- >luce. Mia. J/'Wis, h"i rito-r anil duughtoe osoaiied tu the married daughter ' house in the swamp. Tlic Condab Hills homestead was saved. Macaktiii'ii, 1'Yiday. Un Wednehday evening at 'J.3') u gale from the north commenced to bluw, and eontiiiued until about f, o'cluuk last evening. TJm loan was env,-lu|A-d in a d.-up cloud «f smoke and dunlallday. In fuel, it was tho worst day re- mcmU- n-d, even by the oldest inhabitant. Ainongot ull ilio diH.sjinforl wo ought tu l>- thankful that ,re «m- apan-d a devastation, for vvc ap|H-nred to he Ktirronnde<J by a cordon of lire", but none in the iiuiiu-diato, icinity of thu town, and ou a dny like yesterday miu felt completely nt the mercy of the elements. .Since wilting the foregoing news ban Cuuie in that the tire which has bt-i-u burning in the Mt. liwk's rtmieo broke into thu forest country last evening, jassing through Mussra, Laidlavv and Fi'JjLodV, bunting a waggon mid souio stacks. Tlie house occupied by F. SimrridAn, their tiiAiiagi-r, was, with great difficulty tuived. Mr. Huuily escaped with a loss of 40D ncns of grass and about four miles uf fencing. B.m.moiiai., Friday. MV had a very disagreeable day yesterday, a hut wind blowiug with dust hlorina. In tho afternoon a uliangu set in with strung w>»t wind, a little thunder and a few drops of rain. The tennis pavilion wan bluwu over, but there was little other damage. | HAnnow, Thursday. I The wrather, which during tlie last two or three dnys has been of n very trj-ing deserip- 1 lion, culminated to-day in the hottest day ux- IKnciicvd huro fur many years, the ther mometer registering 110 dug. in the shad®. Tin- township is entirely surruimdnd by biibh fin-,, there being ono on Clunie, uuu an Knd- noak.onoan Spring Valley and on» which i supposed to li&vu; started at Miga Lakp. Al- thong/i comfiarativcly iittie dumagc hus ho far boon done b> tin- two first meiitiuued, serious loss nf >rnpi-rty Ins been occasiunod by the one ommng from the direction of Miga Lnko. Swoojiiiig through tho paddocks of Mr. Thw. . Ougli. of Wonibolano, it entirely destroyed a 1 stack of niKiut 20 tons of hay, a chaff-cutter, and chaff-huuw, tbe dwidiing- liouso narrowly escaping. Continuing its course in the direc tion of MuUagh, it consumed an almost new buggy and harness, the pro|wty of Mr. Arthur Ough, hero again Uie bousu only being saved by the strenuous etfurts of Uic inuiatov. A cbangn of \vind> oauacd the fire to alter its course in tbe direction of Salt Lakes, towards which, with a faco a mile aud a half in luiiglh, it is now pruooeding. HanftOW, Fridav. Vnry lieav-j- lo«W in slock Mid jirojrerty were sustained tlirongh the bushfires yesterday at Moores. The folluwingore among tlm suf- ft-rers Mrs. Ben rose, largu number of ehtep; liihn Mnrtiu.d welling house and all buildings, stock only saved ; J. Roland, about 700 bags of wheat; -L Burgess and T. M'Dcmncll.staoks of hay, stables aqd outhouses. There are other heavy losers, bntj the details to hand are not complete. Cavkspisu, Friday. A buoli fire commenced yesterday morning in the direction of Moornlla, and tlie day being hot and with o strong north wind tho firp came witoin a mile of tbe township, vhtm tbo wind changed and eent it along tlie river to wards the "Mukanger homestead where (t orospud thu rivor above the homestead and went in tbo direction of Karabual. It is feared thut a lot of damage has been dons. It is ru- tmrtcd that a farmer, Mr. Hevritt,of Moornlla, i as had hie house burned down. A large num ber of f&eep; are anpposed to have been lrarnt and sooidmd, and a jrroat amount i>f fencing lias boon deaUwed. " The area of -counby, .whidi has been devastated, is nnkaewn, but it must be of nat extent. Another fire from tlie direction "Coleraine osmeon to - tbe filoraalls ertato and ctmsumod a Urge area of crass, but as yet it is not known if any stock lias bemlort. On amount of tlio weather Jkeeping worn) «1 1 dongt-r <lt outbreaks is „iiot Ont.'/, j'tz i.' - - -i : " 5Vo J»va BTnca lvenit tliat tbe fire entered tlie'ntu juddoek atRsonwortn sndfomt it, ' but aw gtodc were Jost- The tx$ '.wu Mm stopped. Mr. Morris and Mr. G. Garton are also reported to be burnt out. About 300 seres of Messrs. Lsidlaw sad Fenton's lYara- tah estate, adjoining Kcnilworth, was also burnt. MISCELLANEOUS. DESTRUCTION AT OONDAH. PERSONAL NARRATIVES. Mr. H. Kawtett, who. was at Oondah on I Thursday, has kindly supplied its with the ful- 1 lowing details. He sftys I arrived atCun- I dab by the mo uing train nt 11.30. The lire ha>l crossed the line about three- quarters of a mile thio ridu of the stntiun. In a ft- iv ujiniitev it had readied the tovvnship And the fire fighting began. Bilston' hotel was Amongst the first buildings attacked, and in a few minutes the whole town was in dan- pnr. Mnnv willing workers asscnibh-d at tlm hotel, which was ultimaP-ly ssvi- il by dint of great cxcrliuns. The wood heap caught fire over a hundred tintr-s, but the fiauits wii- cxtinguiRhrid every time by buckets of water, of which tlmru was fortu nately a beautiful supply in an under ground tank. Th" lire HiMnwiiifw had crossed the i-trect, and RoscvcarV slied and outbuildings were soon reduced to nslc?. The Gaums then swept pa->t the railway station, destroying tlie woodwork of the pumping plant and coining right up to the walls of the stAtiun. The building was, however, ,aved by the stationinaster, who luckily had a how- at tached to the pumping apparatus whereby He was enabled to flood the outer walls and ap proaches Tho Roman Catholic chaitcl wc.i entirely d"stroycd. Mr. Baker' dwelling house caught alieht,liiit the work'-rs succeedi d in extinguishing tlio flames. Mr. G. Carter's dwellifiT liuirso was saved, chough he lost two small cottages, also a buggy slicu, impcy ; and harnevs. Mr. Carter made a di-=- jwrap- effort tu drag _ a new buggy ! and harness from the burning building, but! the- door .suddenly swung to and struck him I un tlm back of the Imad, knocking him almost si-nselesa into the fire, Ho, huwuvur, uiAiiag"d to esca|»e tlmugh in a slightly dazed condition, his /ace being ringed. .Mr. Sorman M'LeO'l, farmer, lost ovprytbing. even to his coat. M r. Archibald M'Duiiald's lunin-, Elgin, was in jwril at one time, but it was saved by a num ber of volunteers who were suon ufi the sjsit. A stack of hny wa«, hnwcvef, burnt. An old Jadv, Mrs. Urquhnrt, was si-icri-ly burnt about thu hands mid f-ct wliiU' end-avouring to rwuo her pnijwTty frunl tlm flAines. Tvo little children Imd u thrilling experieiic.-. They were walking along thn inain real, whon the fireoveitonk them, and probably in their fright the little thing, v,-ooH have JK-Mshcd had nnt another girl, the da-ight t of Mr. Bik-iton, c-- une along and rr-5<-uc-d them. With great presence uf mind she- caught np un« child under ef.t-li arm and cnrriwl lle-ni out of the range of the flam-?, Miss BiLton Ix-in'g slightly burnt in tlm operation. TRAIN PASSENGERS' F.XPIRIKNCE. A PERILOUS JOURNEY. Mr. V. V. lV-ai.---, who was a t monger by | the afternoon train from T'-rtlam tu llAinil- t'Ui, giv/.-v the follou ing intcre-rific- aci-'umt of his experiences. !' snvs We left- Bnrtland at 3 ii.iii. Tlm train was pulM up at Comiah, and everything there Hem, Koi.e. So far as we could s'-v from tlx Million, th- town hnd disappeared. The MiUimitiiaM- r >-««d in r-pb to our iiupiin- « : 1 > >n"t uric n.c «hn „ hnrut .mt. I d./ii't know of unv plat." saved." The station was nil rii-ht, tlmugb the fir- had come up to it on a!) A '-out half a mil" (his ride of CeU-l.lll VW Went over a culvert which was all ablaz". We priced over ,i snfelv, mid then Went hark to haw a 'look at it. We found that til" hea ins w-u- in full l blaze and bolts dropping .mt. We u-.-re Im-kv in crowing it will.nut ucudent ; had wo I i'. n qnailcr of an hour later 1 1,-liev,.- we would have had a fearful smarii. From Cnn-luli t-> Branx holme we kept pulling up nl intervals in ortl.-r t> get water from the engim. tu cxtin- (pitsh tfu- bm nine cnlvprto l«-f.»re vt-nturing to cru b tin-in. It was wry risky for you cnuld not t h" e font ol t h" dfltti.-ige that hflfl been d"tia to tin- beams underneath, winch with blar.iilg. I'ltmiAU'ly ivu ir nelmtl Hranxluiline About 5 o'clock The fire scemnl to be within I « quarter of a mile on every side of tlic town sml tlm apeetncle. though and, wan magnifi cent in tlie extreme. When darkii""- cann on Branxholme priwnted thu np)><-arance of a city brilliantly illuminated for sumo great festivity, J should mention thai while enuring through th- forest at Haywood the fire was all rivmd us, und tho host was suffocating, somu of the pnssenpera being nearly ovcr|>uwered. Tlio railway fences were on tire, and trees were C"il-l.uitly failing, th-mgli, foi LuiiAtoly, n-nu- of llimu reached tin- line. In hiiinc plans yun i.-on!'l bee the sh-pprrs burning. Owing to the litre having Uh-oiiii- imp.v«-«ablc, wl- were d-taiiutl in Brniixholim.- till 12 o",;nek until the culverts had h»en totnmrarilv repaired bv a gang of men sent from Hamilton. We did not reach Hamilton till uimu'doek i.n Friday morning. A ROAD EXPERIENCE. A RACE FOR LIFE. Mi. 1'. C. Macarthur. uf the N.-itiomd Bank, gives a vivid accountuf a drive v.bieh he liad through tho firn on Tliurddny betwucn Bviirliilr and Hamilton. He says :-Are.ii.ipnm.<l by Mr. Arthur Kt-nnun ami n boy, I left th" bank nt Macurtliur to drive hunic In J lainilton at J about throe o'clock. When two milrs t hi" rid- uf llviidiik wo saw a fire c.uning up b"himl m, and about a mile further nn we ran into tlm thick of iitiulher on tlie wiag nf lirp same con- llagralion. It was burning on but!) sides of tliu road. Wi< could hardly br.-athr for smoke and dost, and the iMsition was alarming. Bridges ami fencw cvi-rywln.TP wcro in tinmen and telegraph jkjIcs down, At urn- time vvc coiiBidvred tire sdvisubility of turning back, I but il Wire lucky we did nut dosu, as we would | lisvurim into the very heart of thu firo wliich had just then swept Mr. Cutty's Brisbane | Hill ortut". Dn several occasions lliv flaims !|.ot into tli" buggy, and thu horses became olarnred. Jt was a rare for arid tv-n K'jllo|K-ri at full sjM-cd through dust, Ginokc, and flames till wo reached Munivae. nioy stnto tlint in places wlit-re the grass had been swept on both sides uf tlm road wo halted fur a while, but tlm air was so oppressive that Wi« were forced to push uu again through the fire. Mr. Lamic, of Cundah Swamp, had an ex- Jf-iielico which s)iow that tlio density of tho I smoke there reached u pitch wliich was almost ; suffocating. In tlie coursn of an interview j yesturdnj- lie reinarkod On Thursday morn ing I went into Cnndah with a lond of rob- bit«._ saw r firo which sucmed to ho out Merino way. Tho sinuko was so thick that I 1 said I had better hurry home, or 1 would I not sou my way. 1 reached homo, and at shunt one o'clock my daughter cnllnd out that j there was a lire coining over tlm hill. J looked out, and found such to be the case, : but tho nir was so thick with smoke that I could fi'.-e no more from that time till ti o'clock. I By tb»-)i the siiiuku had slightly cleared, and I wont out and found that some of my fences and grass wen? burnt, and the fowls were for tlm most part dead, only half-s-dozen out of 4') being Mi alive. Next morning on going around I found that nearly everyone at the south «-nd of the 6waui|> had suffered loss ; pome bad ilu-ir huts, stable?, stacks and sheds defitroyed, hut 1 could bear of no house that was inhabited being burnt. During Thursday afternoon we were almost suffnealed in the house, and it was worm outside. Tlio firo came within a chain of tlie house, but we could not see tho flames owing to tlic stato of theattnosphorc. Mr. A. Rankin, of Nicrctta road. Bncliara. narrowly escaimd losing Ins homestead. Ho etates that at about 4.30 p.m. a fire came from the north. It was difficult to determine -its extent, as thu sinnke was so dense, but borao bv tlio furious gale blowing at tlio time it travel led at racing sjiecd. flew across the road ffoin Mr Monzei's and entered Mr. Rankin's pad dock. Several neighbours were guiokly on tho spot, and though tlie flmncfl reached the stock yard, about 50 yards from tlio house, they were stopped at that point, and another i>oriinn of tbe fire went round on the west side and con tinued in the direction of Hamilton. Mr. Rankin lost nearly 400 acros of grass, togothor with a lot of fencing. Bo had taken the pre caution to plough around Urn homestead alter taking his croft off, and to this lie attributes tbe foot that his buildings were not destroyed. 1 A lad, who was driving a cart owned by ' Mr. Bloomfield, had a most exciting time when | bringing his Joad Into Hamilton along the I Portland road. The fire was burning on both . aiaos oi we roatj una wo qamta cuutfpit the load of wood and as the boy could do nothing to stay tbcm he took the horse ont of the cart and Is/C the vehicle with its burden to its fate, i In a few minutes oaly one wheel remained un- j consumed. j An extraordinary incident occurred at Mr. Johns' xmidenoet Hamilton, daring the I progress of the gale. The iron 'roof or two , bedrooms was taken away by the wind and ia \- their oourae they oat a bnck chimney clean off at the roof, after which they disappeared over the bill. The roofofaimhstaoUaily built shed belonging to Mr. J. F. Kennedy -was olio : Uown off. . \- During tbo imigmi of the firo at Mr.' J. D. Rmith's property, HeaUierloigb, adjoining Boob era, a lad .named Tardrew went to buruingtent to save a clock and watch which wore inside. As he reached the tent a mdcet tof 2tbs of AiUsting -powdttr wbidi was etorod within, exploded, and ' lenodted him to the SMfit ;.Se.'«H oooswhat eeriooaly injured about tbo fonirtad and In one eye. 