LOCAL AND GENERAL NEWS. ——<>—— SOME charitable individual in the northern portion of the parish spread a report that the Rector of: Christ Church appropriated some of the proceeds of a recent. entertainment to a purpose other than that for which the funds were set apart. We are in a position to say that the report is a barefaced lie. COBARGO man the other day said, "Reid would have been 'done bad' had Barton pronounced for freetrade." No such thing. In that case Reid would have plumped for Protection and been Federal Premier in less than six months. THE "Daily Telegraph" of Saturday refers to the subscriptions handed in by Protectionists in support of their cause as a "contribution tax is support of a protectionist campaign." Just so. And the money is applied to the con- servation of our own industries, and the protection of our own people. On the other hand the cheques of the importers of foreign goods are being used to bolster up foreign manufac- turers, foreign laborers and artisans and their families—to the ruin of Australian men, women and children. Which is the most patriotic conduct? PAINTERS are busily engaged at the Post Office Hotel. WE have to acknowledge receipt of a complimentary ticket for the Bega Show. MR. P. A. DUNNE, post and tele- graph master at Tocumwal for 20 years, has been promoted to Moruya. BEGA Qarter Sessions and District Court on the 19th and 20th inst. respectively. No criminal cases. AT the Homebush fat stock sales on Monday, beet bullocks made from £9, extra from £11 10s, good from £8 5s, medium from £7 10s. DURING the week young Jack Whiffen, son of Mr. Jno. Whiffen, gashed his ankle while chopping wood. Several stitches were necessary. MR. W. WHIFFEN, of Bermagui, has purchased the right to one publi- can's booth on the ground during Show days; £12 5s was the price paid. LIGHT rain commenced on Wednes- day afternoon, and continued at inter-. vals through the night. The corn crops will chiefly benefit. The weather is still threatening. 37 points have been registered. MR. FOXALL has withdrawn as a candidate for the Eden-Monaro seat. He has shown common sense in his action, for even with the splitting of the protectionist vote a freetrader has no show of success. THE following will represent Dry River in the senior-grade match against Dignams to morrow:—E.J., E.A., W.J., and W.D. Tarlinton, M. and J. Walsh, C. and T. Inskip, E. Boyd, E. Hyland, R.J. Logan, D.G. Inskip (12). ACCORDING to the Star, the Bega A.P. and H. Society will not allow the use of the cricket ground on the date (2nd March) set down for the match between Southern Counties and Cobargo Association. Therefore the Bega Association has shifted the date to February 23rd. LAST Friday Mr. Thos. Staunton lost a valuable horse, with which he used to work the separator. While feeding near a fire the nosebag ignited, and before the occurrence was noticed the poor brute's jaws were terribly burned, and a shot put an end to its sufferings. THE weekly meeting of the commit- tee of the Cobargo A.P. and H. Society was held yesterday. Present —Messrs. F.G. Roberts (chair), D. Henry, Jas. Walsh, G.F. King, W. Dunsmore, P. Wilson, J. Bown, E. Graham, B. Annetts, M. Pike. Some matters of detail were discussed. "ALCOHOLIC ALBERT," of the "Bile Beans and Pink Pills Advertiser," says the title can with equal justice be applied to the leading papers of the colony. Jusso. And the beery "Times" has only one other thing in common with newspapers—a wrapper. And it also possesses the distinction of circulating chiefly among the employees of its proprietor. ON Tuesday night Mrs. Robert McPaul, who had been under treat- ment for some time in the Bega Hospital, died at her home, Brogo. The funeral took place on Wednesday, the remains being interred in the Bega cemetery. Mrs. W. Beresford, of Cobargo, is a daughter of deceased, and Mr. G. McPaul, of Wandella, is a relative of the bereaved husband. A MEETING of delegates to Cobargo D.C. Association was held at Gra- ham's Hotel on Wednesday evening. The business was to select a team to play Southern Counties. As Bega wicket is not available for 2nd March, the match will be played on 23rd Feb- ruary. The following will represent, Cobargo Association:—D. Parsons, E. and W. Boxsell, C. Barrett, G. Constable, F. Tarlinton, T. Inskip, E. Boyd, W.J. Tarlinton (Nareva), W.D. Tarlinton, and E. Hyland. Emergencies, Ernest Tarlinton and C. Inskip; umpire, .D. Tarlinton; scorer, Dr. Meeke. Bega team will be taken from the following:—Manning, Tar- linton {2), Cunningham, Simes, Rixon, Hungerford, Champneys, Brown, S. Kauter, R. Warren, Glenn, Fowler and McIlveen. WRITING upon the phase of the agricultural industry in the United States the Sydney "Daily Telegraph," in a leader published last week, drew a comparison between the methods of farming in that country and in New South Wales, and it said that the American farmer had a wonderful machine that would do a variety of things speedily and effectively, such as reaping, binding, etc., and that its cost was only £17. Yet this paper has repeatedly declared that the pro- tective policy handicaps the American farmer with respect to his agricultural machinery as well as other commo- dities. It shows the necessity for party. leader writers to weigh very carefully everything they intend to utter on economic questions in general before the put their pens to paper. C, and R.E. THE annual meeting of the Quaama progress committee was held in the Lyceum Hall on Saturday evening. Mr. G. F. King, presided, and the following officers were chosen for the ensuing year:—President, G.F. King; vice-president, A. Engelman; trea- surer and secretary, R. J. Logan; committee, G. F. King, D.C. Sul- livan, G. Jones, J. Walsh, E. Hyland, E. Goodsell, Engelmen, and Logan. It was resolved to write the Bega, Bermagui and Tilba committees and ask their co-operation in securing the services of lecturers on bee-farming, geology, dairyfarming, agriculture and horticulture. ON Saturday afternoon the Governor- General received the following cable message from the Secretary of State for the Colonies:—"His Majesty the King has decided that the visit of their Royal Highness the Duke and Duchess of Cornwall and York to Australia for the opening of the first Federal Par- liament, shall take place. The desire of her late Majesty to mark the great- ness of the occasion, and her sense of the loyalty and devotion which prompted the generous aid afforded by all the colonies in the S. African war, and the splendid gallantry of her colonial troops is fully shared by his Majesty, who desires also to signify his heartfelt gratitude for the warm sympathy with himself and the Royal Family in the loss they have sustained by the death of his beloved mother, which has been exhibited by his subjects in the colonies. His Majesty is confident that in the arrangements for the reception of their Royal Highnesses, his people will not fail to recognise duly the sad circum- stances in which the visit will take place." DISASTROUS bushfires and excessive heat are reported from various parts of the colony. In several instances homesteads have been burnt out, and farmers are suffering severely. A young man named Schnutch is be- lieved to have perished in a bush fire near Albury. Dreadful fires are also reported from Victoria. Valuable properties have been swept away, and numerous families have been rendered homeless. Several people have been burnt to death. The township of Byadek barely exists. The women and children only escaped with their lives. Many people, with their clothes burning, rushed to the dams and creeks and stood in the water while the fire swept by. On various sta- tions fully fifty thousand sheep were roasted. The devastation is likened to Black Thursday. The railway line in many places has been wrecked, and railway bridges and culverts destroyed. At Dundonnell, the Presbyterian Church was blown down by a cyclone. The express train for Sydney passed between walls of fire. In Victoria alone the damages will run into six figures. Fires have again broke out at Queenstown, Tasmania. Sixty houses have been burnt, and many desperate fights for life are reported. Hund- reds of people are reported homeless. The wind blew hurricane force, like blasts from a furnace. The Mount Lyell Company's sawmills were saved with diffculty. MR. WINSTON CHURCHILL, in com- menting on the many adverse criticisms which have been aimed (in the Trans- vaal like other wars) at the British army, says, inter alia: "By what means then, can we improve the system of training and promotion? Surely this is a pertinent inquiry. Of course answers are forthcoming. People— wild people—cry 'Democratise the Army. Let us have no more popinjays. Down with the aristocrats. Take the officers from the ranks.' There is an impression among a certain class of persons that the army is the exclusive preserve of the aristocracy. This impression is, of course, entirely false. Our officers are certainly not aristo- crats. Comparatively few men of title or great family, still fewer of wealth, are tempted by the small and precarious rewards of military service to face its hardships in times of peace. But the army is certainly officered by gentle- men, and before those gentlemen are excluded one very important person will have to be consulted—the private soldier. No one has been able to abuse the soldiers in this war. They have done their duty with a courage, patience, and strength, beyond general expectation. They have a very curious prejudice in favor of being commanded by gentlemen. Nothing do they dislike more than to be compelled to salute men of their own class and origin. A captain who has risen from the ranks will find the word ''ranker" no hind- rance in the mess, but a serious draw- back in the barrack-room. This may be sad—it is very unpleasant to Radical theorists—but it is certainly true. It is even more true with native than British soldiers. The fact is that the curious and sublte qualification—a 'gentleman'—that no one can precisely define, but everyone can immediately detect, is an actual, material advantage in the field of war." 