AFTER THE CYCLONE. RELIEF FOR THE SUFFERERS. IMMEDIATE HELP WANTED. AN APPEAL TO THE PUBLIC. Since the bushfires swept the country side early in the present year there has been no visitation so disastrous to the settlers in the district around Ballarat as that of Thursday last, and without visit ing the scene '-arid, traversing the track of tlhe cyriona it is impossible to realise th'e sad desbrucitdan of property and the immense loss sustained ‘by the farmers. In many oases where once tihiere were firnig farms and homesteads, orchards laden with fruit, and crops almost rips for the harvester, tihereremnins aaoen-e of deso lation; the houses ruined and uniolbalbit ab'le, and iin many instances blown to. spHinters; the crops (beaten down and dam aged beyondi rem'edly; ; the orchards etrip pad of itJheir fruit; agricultural limplet ments rendered useless, and cattle and sheep killed. This is no (fancy ward-pic turo, but a statement of bald facts, wfluch may (be verified by anyone visiting the de vastated area. Dealing with those farm ers ion the Buugaitee si-die there has been brought undir our notice 'the absolute necessity for immediate monetary assist ance, and when it is understood that not only have many of 'the farmers had- -their stacks of -last year’s hay so scattered by the storm that -hardly half a -dozen tons can be gathered together, but that itihe pre sent crop cannot ibe reaped, as it has been completely mined, and on top of this tnat their homes, fumd'tune, and cl-oi thing (have been scattered far and wide by the cyclone, their fencing destroyed, arid their cattle killed, it will be -readily admitted that (they have a igbroin/g claim on prac tical sympathy. It must he understood that tlbe sufferers are not many in •number. (Perhaps there are at -the out side some 25 to 30 families in -want, but to those who have lost it is their all—the gathering of a life 'time of baud and l con stant (Labor). Them: not a few of them have been personally injured' by the flying 'dfebrig, and to 'these physical suffering comes to 'add to their troubles. What -is wanted is prompt mon!=t3iry assistance, •and, therefore, ami appeal is made through " The Star” to 'the (Ballarat .public -to give something, if -only a little, to aid. the suf ferers in. pro.vi.ding themselves with th'e necessaries of life, until their homes can ■be rebuilt. Out in the Bungaree dis trict the more fortunate residents who wore not in/ the track of the cyclone, but who have bad ample opportunities of wit nessing the destruction af their fellow residents’ homes, have generously imitiat dd a relief fund, which 'has already amounted to .£2O, and -they have formed a canvassing committee to collect more in the district. But this will mot touch Bal larat; therefore those who sympathise wiith the sufferers at Bungaree o.re asked to send to this office their donations to what is one of the most deserving causes that has yet (been brought before lihe peo ple of this Aiat-ri'et All subscriptions re ceived wiH be .duly acknowledged! i>n these coumns. 