News of the Week. SHEARING,-The shearing seasonis now pretty well over locally,, and quantities of wool have come in to, tho, Heathcote station for consignment to Melbourne' quantities also being sent down by carrier. SHInE COUNCIL MEETING.-The ordin ary.monthly meeting of the M'Ivor Shire Council. will not be held this month, the next meeting taking place. on Thursday, fl'th Diecember. TRANSFERRED.-Mr. W. H; Lintihoroe, stationmaster at Stony Creek, has been transferred to Tooborac, and Mt.J; Dun stan, who has been. stationmaster. at Too borao, hasbbeen transferred to Croxton. APPoINTmsw?r ' -Miss Adiamon, who has. been appointed assistant toaohr of the *South I-sathcote Sobool, arrived' it Heathcote., on Mo'nd-m> -;:!.u;; t,. an commenced.&hr.duties; at the school.. EFFECTS OF THE ])DOUGmIT.--A COn mittee,. consisting. of Crt I?inton, G'oyli and Kerr, met at the. Shire Hall, Huntly, on Monday last to. accept, tenders for. sinking wells at Kamarooka and Edgerton The. tender of W..May~. at 8/9 -per foot;. was accepted for sinking 100ft, at- Edger-. ton, and that of J; Crapper at 8/5 per, foot for, sinking 60ft. at Kamarookai "Bendigo Advertiser."" THE HAY HARVEST.--The hay. harvest is now going on in this district some small crops about the town having already been out and carted in.. Considering the very unfavorable, season some: very, fair'crops are to be met with, while others are very short, as an instance one proprietor of. a small crop remarked the other day that he was not sure yet.whether he wouldliave to cut it with the shears or scissors. The wheat: crops as a rule have stood the drought much better than the oat crops. A NEW BARRISTER.-Mr Robert L. 8. Murphy, of Bendigo, (says the " Bendigo Independent"), has passed the exami nations entitling him, to practice, as a barrister and solicitor, The new lawyer, who is a son of Inspector Murphy, late of the Police Department, secured his articles with Messrs Connelly, Tatchell and Dun. lop... Mr Murphy is well known in cricket ing circles in Heathcote, having visited here with the Law team:from Bendigo. He also acted as one of the umpires in the match on King's Birthday between th'e B.UO.O.. and Heathcote.. He is very popular and we wish him success in his. future life. MUNICIPAL RETRENC?MENT;-Or Brice has given notice of motion that he will move at the next meeting of the Waranga Shire Council':-" That, owing to the re. duced Government subsidy and continuous heavy bank overdraft a committee be formed; consisting- of the president and one member- from: each riding, to take into consideration the financial position of the shire, and submit at a subsequent meeting a scheme for the reduction of ex penditure izlall cases whore practicable; also a revisioh in the salaries of all officers; such scheme when submitted to be aealt with and altered, if' necessary, at the following ordinary meeting of the'council;. -" Rushworth Chronicle." TnAsvuRY NoTrcEs.-'Attenti6on is di. rected to the following local Treasury notices by those interested :-Crown grants awaiting delivery: Ann Knight,.E. Marshall, IT. Wilson (2), M. Wilson, S, W Casey, F. Kuight, A. G. M'Robert (3), V., Oddy, (2) W. Duncan, E. Davis, J, S. M'Namara (2). Leases awaiting delivery: R. Wilson, J. T. Murdoch, A. Tehan. Leases and' licenses unexecuted : W. Cully, A, C. S.. Slocum J. Er, win, Q,. M'Robert, A. W. Newton, R. A. U. Leech, E. Johnson, I. May. Accounts awaiting payment: M. Fitzgerald, Susan Westblade, P. J. Owen, Heathcote Water Works Trust, T. Carboon. COLBINABINn PIONIc.-The settling up meeting of the Colbinabbin Picnic was hold' at KIarlberg's Junction hotel on Sat urday last (says the Colbinabbin corres. pondent to the '"Rushworth Ohronicle"). Presenbt-MessrsIT. Brown (in the chair), S, Andrewsi. W-. Butcher, J. Adamson, W, Roberts, C.. Toodtebork, A. Adamson, L. Dowd, S. Oheatley, M; Iarlberg, J. Clark: son and H. Cheatloy (hon. see.) A letter w4as received from the' Rushworth Bane volent and Dorcas Society, asking a small amount out:of the profits made over the picnic.' M6ssrs Butcher and Karlborg moved--That' the surplus go to the Hospitals antl' Aylum as usual. Carried. The sccretary to reply to the letter to that effect. The recoipts for the day and ball tickets amount6d' to £74 8s 2d, and the :oxpenditure to .£'2 17s 2d, leaving a credit Valance of 11 lls. Mr Butcher moved ..aLMrh-D. od..seconded--That 8 guineas be voted to Mr H.. Cheatley for his valu. able services as secretary.. Carried. Mr K(arlberg moved and Mr Dowd seconded -That the money be distributed as follows :-Bendigo Rospital; £8 8s; Mooroopna do,, £8 3s; Heatheote do.,. £2 2s. Caci'icd, Mr Lindlay was paid Bs 6d for his work the day previous to picuic day. A vote of' thanks to the chair temninated the meeting. FAmI DaY.-The next fair will be held on Friday, November 28th, 1902, when. the auctioneers will have a fair yarding of sheep andi cattle fronie advices already received. AaOIouvLTront S0cuEv.-.The next' meeting of the committee will be hold on Saturday,a2th inst., at the Shire Hall, to. receive the report of the late ghow. Tenders are invited in this' issue for the right of grazing on the Show grounid. PROPERTY AND LAND SALEm-Mle5SrB H. Bradshaw and Co. will sell by auction to-morrow (Priday) at' 28.0 p.m., under instructions from the executor of the late iAexander llorsourgh,. land ait bouth Heatheote,- to. the extent of about 22 acres, and, afterwards under intructions from Miss-M'. J. Horsburgh,.her 7-roomed. dwelling house, etc., and land adjoining the above block. PROPERTY SALE.-An. important sale of property Nill take place on Friday,. 28th inst., at 2 p.m.,. at; the Heathcote Hotel, .when the property of the late Mr, James O'3Bien, situated, at Kunosioly,. will be offered by alotion, The aue tioneers (in conjunction) are Messrs,. Nicholls and Hill, Bendigo, H. Bradshaw. and Co,,. Heathcote, and 5. M'Namara, and Co., Shepparton, Full particulars are given in our advertising columns. CoURT OP PETTY SESSIONS.-Af the local court on Friday last, before Mr W. iI. Lewis, J-.P., W. Gautloy, charged with being drunk on the previous day was di.s charged with a caution, it being the first time defendant was- before the court,.and' Constable Adams stating he was very. quiet. The adjourned case under the Old Age Plesions Act, was- further ad. journed to'that day fortnight,' 28th'inst:,. tho defendant not being present. DrInRRaInIh lmore to be dreaded than diphtheria. It attacks all ages and" is equally fatal to young and old. The great mortality resulting from diarrhoea is due to the lack of proper treatment at the first. stages of the disease... Chamberlain's Colic, Cholera and Diarrhoea Remedy is a reliable and- effective medicine, and if given in time will prevent serious conse quences. Thia-remedy. never fails and is pleasantto take. Every household should have a bottle at hand- Get it to-day, K. T. Galbraith sells it.- [Advt.] SHOCKmiNo SUICIDE.-A shocking case of suicide occurred at Wanalta on Monday last (says the Bushworth corrospondent to the "Bendigo Advertiser"), when a farmer named William, Allen cut his throat with a- penknife,. nearly severing his head from his body,. Allen retired to rest as usual' with- his' wife and at 2 o'clock he was' all right,. but at 5 o'clock his wife,, on- awakening, found him lying on the floor with his throat cut, as before. stated.. Medical'aid wa: summoned, but. life Was extinct. Deceased had just sold' his selection, and the only reason that can? be assigned for the rash. act is worry,. arising from monetary troubles,. An. inquiry will be held to- morrow; A FOAL IN' A'. CINA SHOP.-It was not the proverbial: "bull in' a china shop " whose escapade we have to chronicle this week, but something very akin to it in the shape of.a foal. It appears that a foal belonging to Mr James- Crowle foun'd ii~ way' from the yard into that gentle. rnan's crockery shop. While evidently. admitriig tie variousu articles (around it; the animal' uddenly caught:sight-through the window' of' its mother in the street,: Elager to get- toit' parent the foal: made a dash through the. large front window, leaving., behind itý a- ruin. of' broken crockery and. glassa. To add to the ex-, citement,. a. horse attached, to a trap, belonging to Mr R. Rowe, which was' standing outside the shop, on seeing the " dreadful apparition" come fl;'ing through the window, accompanied by a shower of broken glass,. naturally, took £iight, and galloped- acrosa the road, dashing full tilt into a reaper and.binider; driven:byg r W. Stoddart, who was taking the machine to cut some crop for Mr Hicks. After. running into the binder the frightened animal made off again past the Heatheote Hotel, round the back of Mr W. Sangster's, through the railway, gates, and made off in the direction of the Red Hill, until, when close to Pedderson's puddling works,' the trap struck a mullook heap and turned completely upside down, and the horse, after going a few yards further, got its two hind legs down a digger's hole, from which awkward' predicament it was qpickly rescued. Strange to say that very little injury resulted to either the horse or trap in its mad career .f the horse escaping with two out kneek, and the trap only having thu frouitboard smashed. As for the cause of all this mischief (the foal) its injuries were also slight, a cut on the forehead being .the only result of. its wild exploit. Mr Crowle. was the worst sufferer in the whole affair, as aeoonsides'c able amount of aamare was done to the crockery, .&o.;, independent of the smash. ing of the large plate-glass wiedow. BRUIsasp WOUNDS AND LAOERATIONS need an antiseptic dressing. Chamber lain's Painl"alm'.answers this purpose to perfection. It is a liniment of wonderful healing power. One application gives re lief; Ti'y it. R. T. Galbraith"' sells it.. [Advt.1 Losa.-Mrs Young, wife of'Mr Rolbert Young, residing to the north of the town. nearthe Bendigo'road, left her home about 5 o'clook on Monday evening'last, in the direction of Wattla Flat, which is just over the hill from their place, to' get kindling sticirs.. Not returning in a reasonable time,.Mr Young went in search of her, making enquires of some of the neighbors as to whether they had seen her, Word was afterwards taken to Scnior.Constable Keegan by a young mnan omployed at Mr Barber's of the occurrence. Afr 3eagan, accom paiiied by. Constable Adams,. organised a search party, which consisted of` about 80 residents. The party, forming an extended line, searheod the hill at the back of Mr Young's place, and on over Wattle Flat examining the diggers' 'holes as they went along, it beirug thought that 'Mi-s Young might have fall'en irto one of them. The party had got as far as the railway line along which it ex tended to as far as Mosquito Gully, when' about 11' o'clook cooeyiirg was' heard from near' Iho residence-the signal that Mrs Young had been. found. The party retraced their step' to the residence, and on arrivirig ware pleased to fifd that the object of the search was there safe and well, having just been diriven in by Mr Hine, from his place at the 'Wild Duck. Mrs Young,' it a'plpears, got lost, and getting on to the ramihay line, followed it fdr some distance, afterwards leaviing it for a road,' which she folloied in the expootatioi 'that it would brine her near her home, but which ultimately took her to Mr Hine's homestead. XShe must have kopt to the Wild Duck-road till she reached the turn-off to.Mr Hine's, having travclled 'about 7 or 8 miles. The journey must have been. fatiguing for one pretty well advanced in years,. and after. being entertained by Mrs Hine, Mrs Young was driven home by Mr Hine, accompanied by. other. members. of his4 household,,to. the elief of Mr Young and the search party. Sr and Mrs Young expressed themselves 18 very grateful to the soarch party for vhat they had done, and Mr Keegan re. ;urned thanh to the party for their willingness in joining. in the search, We Jre informed that a person passing in the tLaiI saw Mrs Young carrying a bundle of sticks and walking in the opposite di. rection to the town, along near the line on the hill between Mosquito and Sawpit Oullies,.and no doubt she turned off on to the road which crosses Sawpit Gully. 1EWS $uoovNa.-\W e have been ro. q ested by the secretary of the Heathcoto Rifle Club to notify that rifle practice will be discontinued during the hot weather. BEcovEnY.-Wc are pleased: to state that Mrs K. T. Galbraith, who recentlv underwent ani operation and was-under the. treatment of Dr Owen, has recovered, and is able to be about again. Tas \VEAraHER.-''he hot·0% 1eattier re. cently experienced, culminated yesterday evenitg in it slight fall of:.rain' accomnpan* ied by thunder and lightning. The fall appeared to be heavy at no great distance o the west ort.nc'town, ut ia n ine town tself there were only -5 points registered; hoe weatlihr ha-. sinoe boon. cool and pleasant SUNDAY SUHonoo ANNIVERSARY.--TiO inniversary of the Sunday School in con nection with the Methodist Churoli, is announced in advertisement to be hold'on Sunday, 7th December. next, when there will be special singing by the children. On the Monday night following there is also to be an entertainment in the Church, when a good gathering and-pleasant even. ing may be anticipated. AN, UNwISLcoDom VIsBIroU-Yesterday iorning, as Mr B. Groig was passing the Sommoroial Bank, he saw a snake crawl; out from under the garden gate. 'H looked around for a stick to despatch it with, but not seeing one about he promptly.killed it by putting his foot on. its head. The reptile was about 11 inches long,. Cow KILLED ON TnR LIN,.-Anothenr cow,. the victim on this occasion being a young one, belonging to Mr M; Hyland, has been killed on the railway line, this time on the bridge at the back of the Ben. iNevis Hotel; It appears thatthere were a couple of rails out of the- railway:fence, and the cow, which was killed, by.the 8' o'clock train on Saturday morning last, had got through the opening on to the line. TH? WINE INDUSTRY;--Some heavy consignments of wine pass through Corowa from, time to time from Victoria to Sydney merchants, The opening up of the market in Now South Wales by re; moval of border restrictions has been very. welcome to some growers, who have boeon enabled, the "Leader" Corowa corres pondent asserts, to unload themselves of their stolks at prices considerably in advance of: that offered by Victorian merchants. CONCEUT.-A very successful' concert' was held in the shire Hall last night in aid of.the Drought. Relief Fund. A. full report will appear in our next isrnsie. The: Rev L. Walton,.who promoted the enter. tainment, wishes through our columns, to' tender.his siheere thanks to the ladies and" gentlemen who so kindly assisted at the ooncert; also to the members of the local Brass Baud for their kindly help in ren· dering selections in front of the'· hall prior to the concert; and members of the Shire Council for placing the hall at their dispo. sakifor the purpose oftthe effort.. A.N.A.-The usual fortnightly meeting of-the local branch of. the above was held on Thursdays last, president (Mr F. Stephens),in the chair. A letter was .rc. ceived from.th'o:Austiu Hospital, with a coilcoting card, asking the branch to do all in their.power to obtein local suppprt. Nbmihiations"were takeP cfo: ofeikers for the ensuing half year, the election will take pJace on the next night of meeting (Thursday.27thinstri,) vhen members areo specirilly requested. to. attend.. I't wa's decided' to have tickets printed for; the smoke-banquet to bB held on. 11th December,, and sold at 216 each, the public to be admitted, andalso to write to the Board of Directors asking them to send up a member to be present on thbt occasion. It was decided to 'present an ex-president's certideate,. to President; Stephons on completion of his term of office 2 The treasurer's report of money taken was i9 4s 6d, DRovoUT RssiSrTING PLANTS,-The Minister for Agrietlture' (Mr Traverner) intonds,, if' possible, (says'the " Argtus ") to bring some good out of distressing drought in the Mallee distriot. He is taking the opportunity afforded by the scarcity of feed for stock there to impress' upon the settlers the necessity, when the present trouble is· over,' of.. oultivating drought-resisting plants. The Depart. ment of' Agriculture has about 500 plate throughout the state in which expprments are being made with the whole state; with. the exception of. the 'drought area, and: there Mr Traverner has determined to'provide experimental plots also.. With that object in view, he has instructed Mr Williamson Wallace (director of Agricul titre): who is making at our of inspection through the Mallee, to secure a tract of aaltbush country for the purpose of .ex iperimenting with drought-resisting plants. If the'departmenu can first discover a good drought area fodder, and then induce the settlers to' cultivate it, the Minister is con vinced that'a:dry-season would not have half the terror forth&Ma;·loo settlers that it now has.. Busu FIRns.-On Wednesday 12th inst., several bu'shfires started in the Blackhill and Greenhill districts owing to the high scorching wind, (says the " Kyneton Guardian.") Several days previouly. one or two residents had been burning rubbish off, but the fires' then' lighted woro thought to be extinguished. Such did not prove to be the case, and a number lost fencing, woodstackl and grass through the fire of Monday or Ties day or even further back breaking out again. One fire' started in Mrs Brady's paddock, burning about forty.tons of fire wood and about thirty aores of grass. The fire also burned down about a mile of Mr George Fox's fencing with about eighty acres of grass on Mr Devereaux's farm, about 80 acres on Mr Michael Rigney'se also' doing damage, on MA William Symond's and Mr Maftin's farms. A fire at Mr Robertson'os at Geonhill burned about 200 acres of'grass, and a fourth fire at Glenhope, destroyed a new fence being erected on Adams' farm by Mr Shattock. In this case Shattock was constructing a fence to ftke the place of one burned down in the bush fires of a few months ago. when Wednesday's fire swooped down upon them and burned grass and fence. The damage done in each individual instance may not be great, :yet the aggregate- losses in grass, fencing, and fiiewood'is considerable. The change of weather on Wednesday night'brought about a cessation of the fires.. A Stock Fxchange, clerk,, named Arthus Reginald Baker, has been mur dered outside the post-offico in Lombard :street, London. A woman named IKitty Byron met him and stabbed him ;threo times, the iijuries being fatal. ,The woman' was brought before the police court and remanded,' It was alleged that latterly she had been living witiBaker., 