THE AGRICULTURAL BUREAU. A VISIT TO KOORINE. A PLEASANT AND PROFITABLE DAY. Turning out at 6 o'clock or earlier on so cold a morning as Wednesday to catch the 7 a m train for Kalangadoo cannot, by any stretch of the imagination, be regarded as a pleasant opening to an enjoyable day such as ten members of the Mount Gambier Branch of the Agricultural Bureau spent at Koorine. They went there on the invitation of the Hon. George Riddoch, M.L. C., who said he wished to get from them, as practical farmers and stockowners, a candid opinion on the improve- ments and innovations he is making on his estate, especially that of the dairy farms. Nevertheless, 7 o'clock found ten members of the Bureau and a couple of ubiquitous pressmen, in great coats and gloves, at the railway station, ready to start. The Bureau members were Messrs. W. Mitchell (chairman), E. Lewis (hon. secretary), J. Dyke, T. H. Williams. J. Watson, J. Kennedy, T. Edwards, D. Nor- man, jun,, J C Ruwoldt, and W. Barrows, Mr. W. J. T. Clarke had written to Mr. Riddoch explaining that owing to a council meeting he was unable to go up. When the party took their seats in the train the morning was dark, cloudy, and un- promising. A run of three quarters of an hour brought them to Kalangadoo, and by that time it was clear enough to read, but the general prospects of the weather had not greatly im- proved. Mr. Riddooh had four buggies waiting in the station yard to convey the visitors to Koorine. A cordial welcome from Mr. Rid- doch, and the party were soon in the buggies and off. Koorine house is situated about two miles to the westward of Kalangadoo. Mr. Riddoch piloted for a part of the way through a beautiful paddock which is being cleared and fitted up for a dairy farm. Time was when there was a dense forest of red gum, box, blackwood, honeysuckle, and other trees on that flat, but fires and judicious clearing have now left only a few of The larger red gums. After crossing the paddock the Millicent road was taken to Koorine. The homestead was entered through a patent Brownlees gate, which worked perfectly, and evoked the admiration of the party. This gate led through the garden, over a nicely gravelled winding drive to the rear of Koorine house. On arrival—it was then 8.20 a.m — the visitors were asked by Mr. Riddoch to breakfast, and it needs no assurance to impress the reader they enjoyed it after their early start and cold train journey. At the homestead the party were introduced to Captain Napier, Mr. Riddoch's son-in-law, who has just returned from South Africa, where he was for several months on active service. He left on the proclamation of peace. After breakfast Mr. Riddoch invited his guests to have a look around the homestead. Koorine is a new homestead, and it has been built on up-to-date lines in every way. Those who know Mr. Riddoch will agree that nothing else would satisfy his advanced ideas. When about four years ago the original Glencoe estate was divided between the late Mr. John Riddooh and his brother, Mr. George Riddoch, nearly 25,000 acres now known as Koorine was allotted to the latter gentleman. It contained no home- stead, and he had to set about making one. It is surprising what can be done in three years when one has the will, the money, and the energy to expend. The house was described in the Watch about three years ego, when it was built. It is a conveniently designed building of one story, containing 8 or 9 rooms, and was intended for a manager's home. A start has not yet been made with the dwelling house proper. It is furnished with every convenience. These include a complete installation of acetylene gas, which provides a splendid light. Water is conveyed from a large circular tank in pipes to the house, the coach house and stables, garden, &c.; The water raiser is an untiring one—a Metters's wind motor, with which Mr. Riddooh is well pleased. He has 15 of tbem on the estate. Water is found on the greater part of Koorine at depths of from 20ft. to 26ft. The residence has in front a nicely tended flower garden. About a couple of chains south of the house is the vegetable garden and orchard, and also a large number of roses and flowering and other shrubs. The soil is a reddish chocolate loam, with clay subsoil, and everything planted in it luxuriates. Mr. Riddoch was apprehensive when he started the garden and orchard that he had selected an unsuitable soil, but he has learned differently. The vegetables grow well; fruit trees have made a surprising growth in less than four years. As the visitors walked along the neatly made walks they saw a good many shrubs and flowers that struck their fancy. Among them were several of the New South Wales golden wattle (Acacia Baileyana), about tbe most gracefully foliaged and best of the flowering trees of Australia, which is just beginning to flower. In the centre of the plantation a half acre or so of lawn has been formed, and has been sown down with Kentucky Blue Grass. In the flower garden at the house a fine plant of the Australian native fuschia arrested the attention of tbe visitors. It is a graceful plant, with a flower that looks like an old-world fuschia with the petals removed. Its habitat is some parts of the South-East—especially the Lake Leake country, and near the Glenelg. The garden and orchard are kept in good order by Mr. Geo Lowe, the gardener. The paths are covered with an excellent material found in the neighbourhood, which, as it is full of oyster shells and other marine fossils, seems to have formed the bed of an ancient sea. The grass paddocks near the house were in- spected, and it was found that the severe frosts the district has had of late have had a hindering effect upon the grass. Grubs, the well-known short white grub with yellowish head, were found to be at work, and doing some harm. Mr. Riddoch has been experi- menting upon them with salt, but that seems only to invigorate them. Mr. Riddoch showed his visitors his merino stud rams. The king of the flocks is a magni- ficent animal of the Vermont strain, with immense folds on his neck and shoulders. He was bred by Mr. S. McCaughey, New South Wales, and because of his combative nature is called Fighting Mac. He cut 26½lbs. of wool last shearing. Two sons of Mac's, bred on the station, showed less density of fleece than the sire, but more quality. A Tasmanian bred ram, which cost Mr. Riddoch 160 guineas, is a splendid sheep, but Mr. Riddoch prefers Fighting Mac, which cost him only 70 guineas. The Hereford stud bulls—Prime Minister II bred by Mr. Beattie, of Victoria, and a sturdy yearling son, showing high quality —looked well. Prime Minister II. was never beaten in the show ring until last year at Mount Gambier. Judges are human, and their opinions vary. Mr. Riddoch has been searching the states for a strain of cattle that will suit the district and be valuable for dairying purposes as well as beef. He has a leaning towards the Devon, but he asked the opinion of his visitors on the point. Some of them recommended the Ayrshire breed, and others stood firm for the Shorthorn, Mr. Dyke gave an instance which supported the theory that good dairying strains may be found in every breed of cattle. He purchased a Here- ford bull from Glencoe, and mated him with good dairy cows, and the resulting strain proved all he could wish for. Mr. Riddoch was gratified at this practical testimony, as he has found that no breed of cattle do so well on the Koorine country as the Hereford. Returning then to the homestead the visitors inspected the coach-house, stable, &c.;, which it need only be said are very complete and con- venient. Mr. Riddoch showed them a couple of fern crushing machines. The better of the two looks like a double cylinder road roller, each cylinder being about 4 feet in diameter and 4 feet long. On the outside of this roller are flanges 2 inches high, placed lengthwise, six iuches apart. When drawn over a patch of ferns the flanges smash them up, and they die. Mr. Riddooh got the idea from Warrnam- bool district, where he was assured two rollings destroyed the ferns effectually. There are not many ferns on the Koorine flats, but the patches that have appeared have been steadily spreading. Mr. Riddoch is determined to destroy them. The men's hut, in which everything seemed well arranged, was inspected, and then the woolshed. It may be mentioned that water has been laid on to the men's hut, the over- seer's residence, and the woolshed from a large tank kept constantly full by a wind motor The woolshed has been built to Mr. Riddoch's plans, and includes some excellent con- trivances for the minimising of trouble and loss of time, and the insurance of cleanness. It affords accommodation for 24 shearers. One contrivance especially appreciated by the visitors, was the battening in the sheep pens. The battens are bevelled underneath. Thus, sheep droppings or other rubbish that gets between them falls readily through, and the floor is kept clean. During shearing no wool is baled until it is shorn at least 24 hours there being sufficient compartments to enable this to be done. There are effective drying pens, and the drafting yards outside were admired for their efficiency. The sheep dip is no less convenient and effective. The sheep are dipped off the shears, and when let out are run up a race to a platform at one end of the dip. While they stand there the attendant tilts the floor by means of a lever, and the sheep slide down into the dip. The visitors concluded that the shed and its appurtenances were models of convenience and effectiveness. The party were next taken for a drive round some of tbe paddocks within two miles of the homestead. Most of them have been made as clear of fallen timber as an orna- mental park, and the others are being cleared, seven gangs of men being at work doing this. Mr. Riddoch is trying the effect of wood ashes as a manure for grass. When a pile of wool has been burned, instead of leaving the ashes in heaps, in which case they would remain barren patches for years, he gets tbe men to scatter them over the grass for yards around. That the plan is a good one is evident from the way the grass around the ash heaps is growing in advance of that farther off. This is the first year Mr. Riddoch has tried it, so that as yet it is in the experimental stage. It was ob- served that under certain umbrageous trees the grass was much better than elsewhere. Mr Riddoch's explanation was that the sheep camp under them, and their droppings ac- cumulated there. He found that that was a fruitful cause of footrot, and therefore had the droppings removed. But the ground was enriched by them, and hence the luxuriance of the grass under those trees. It has been found that the removal of the accumulated droppings has diminished footrot. Mr. Riddoch took the party over several patches of ferns that had been crashed with the machine already described. They lay dead, but a few young ones were appearing and the questions occurred—Were the roots destroyed? and Would the patches, if ne- glected for two or three years, become as thickly covered as before ? As yet, of course the crushing is an experiment, but the opinion of the visitors was that it would eventually kill the ferns. One or two patches that had been burned after the crushing were again showing a sparse growth of young ferns, em- phasising the well-known fact that bushfires have been helpful rather than otherwise to the growth of ferns. Mr. Riddoch says that the double crushing has cost him only 1s. an acre. During the drive the party saw and com- mented favourably on the system adopted for watering three or more of the paddocks from one well by means of a wind motor. The troughs are kept constantly full, and by means of floats neither the supply tanks nor the troughs are allowed to overflow and make the ground alongside a quagmire. The party returned to Koorine and had lunch and a short rest. About half past 1 the conveyances were again brought out, and the visitors were treated to a long drive westward. A course was taken along the Millicent road for several miles, then passing through a gate the Koorine paddocks were entered. In past years this part of the estate was very wet in winter and spring, but drainage has altered that. It is traversed by a number of drains, some of which run into the public drain two or three miles to the northward. At present Mr. Riddoch has four parties of men deepening old drains and making new ones. The owner of Koorine is a valuable neighbour to landowners to the north and west of Koorine. In order to drain his own property he pays half and sometimes two thirds of the cost of drains through his neighbours lands to reach the Government drains. In the course of the drive several drains, all going north-westward, were crossed. Some of them had been scooped 8 feet or 9 feet deep, which necessitated the building of strong wooden bridges over them in places. On all men were at work deepening or extending. If the country be kept dry the party were convinced that it would be one of the finest grazing estates in the South-East. Some of the paddocks are being cleared by parties of men, and the ashes scattered, as near the homestead. In some paddocks so large was the quantity of fallen timber that it was estimated quite a third of their area would be manured in this way. The face of the range in which Lakes Leake and Edward are placed looked very pleasing as it was approached, and after an eight-mile drive the party halted on the hill overlooking Lake Leake and surveyed the scene. Lake Leake is a beautiful sheet of water of perhaps 150 acres in area. It is an old crater, and on tbe north side a wall of torn rocks still remains, and fragments of lava, burnt rock, and scoriae lie about. It is nearly circular, and the water lies at a level considerably higher than the flat between it and Kalangadoo. The water when last sounded was about 10ft. deep, and its only source of supply is the surface drainage. Evidences on the shore show that it is now 6ft, or 7ft. lower than it was a few years ago. At one time the lake was fringed with a luxuriant growth of tea-tree, but much of that has been destroyed by fire. When on the hill over the lake Mr. Riddoch showed the party the site of Mr. Leake's first homestead. A grizzled old thorn tree and some small mounds were all that remained to mark the site. Two hundred yards further on he pointed out a cairn which marks the spot where the Messrs. Leake boiled their first billy of tea. Mr. Riddoch piloted the party past Lake Edward, a sheet of water of about two thirds the area of Lake Leake, and also an old crater. It was, when last sounded, 30ft. deep, and like its sister lake is muoh higher than the surrounding flats. On the face of the hill overlooking Lake Edward men were busy clearing up the fallen timber, burning it, and scattering the ashes. The return journey was made through Lake Paddock No. 1 and the Gum Paddock. The dairy farms were then inspected. Passing through farm No. 3, which is only in preparation, and not yet let, the visitors saw an area being ploughed for grain crops. Mr. Riddoch has experimented with the manuring of the grass land on these farms, and as this one was passed through he halted on the boundary between that which had been manured and that which had not, and asked the party to look on this picture and on that. The manure he uses, is a mixture of superphosphate and bone dust, an equal quantity of each. He sows 1 cwt. per acre of this broadcast and harrows after it. A word about these dairy farms and the system on which they are to be carried on. Mr. Riddoch has had them securely fenced off with sheep proof wire fencing, and they will vary in area from 320 to 500 acres. On each of them he has erected, or will erect, a six-roomed cottage, as well as the requisite outhouses. At each he has also erected cowyards with a sub- stantial milking shed. This shed is paved with red gum blocks at a slight slope so as to facilitate draining and washing. It is divided into seven compartments, each with a bail at the inner end, and an exit door alongside. When a cow is brought in she puts her head in the bail, and the milker or assistant pulls a rope which closes and secures it. A box of food is placed just beyond the bail, and while the cow is being milked she is eating away at this food. It keeps her in good temper, and induces her to give her milk freely. When her milking is done the milker rises, and by pulling a rope releases the cow's head from the bail and opens the exit door, through which she passes into the grazing paddock. Mr. Riddoch also erects on each farm a convenient pig yard and styes for 16 pigs. He supplies all the cows. He has found it difficult to get cows since he started his scheme, in consequence of the drought and the demand following the ex- tension of the dairying industry, but by dint of searching over Victoria and elsewhere he has secured about 350 young cattle. He pur- poses allotting 70 or 80 to each farm. He supplies the horse and cart to take the milk to the factory, and all the implements required. On each farm be will give 30 to 60 acres for cultivation with grain crops, mangolds, potatoes, &c.;, to provide food for the stock. All that the tenant has to do is to supply the labor. The money earned is pooled, and two- thirds is retained by the landlord and one-third goes to the tenant. The system is one that works very well in the Western District of Victoria, and although that on Koorine is so far only the beginning of an experiment, Mr. Riddoch has sanguine hopes it will succeed. Until their saccess is assured, however, he will try out three farms only. It was mainly to get the opinion of practical dairy farmers on these farms that be invited the members of the Bureau out that day. He would like to get a good milking strain of cows, and if such could be found in it he would favor the Hereford breed above all others. If not he will try to find some Devons. This season Mr. Riddoch is doing the cultivation on the farms himself and otherwise relaxing the conditions of tenancy in favor of tbe tenants, in order to give them a fair start. The only farm so far in working order is No. 1, 320 acres, and the tenant is Mr. Harry Mills, late of Mount Gambier. When the party drove over there he was just getting in his cows, and they waited to see how the milking arrangements would work. Mrs. Mills and her daughters and son were soon at work, and delighted the visitors with the way in which the whole scheme went. There was no bustling or ill-treatment of any of the cows, and the system was very rapid and clean. It was observed that all the cows were rugged, Mr. Riddoch providing the rugs. Whilst they were being milked the cows were treated to boxes of oat hulls mixed with molasses, which they seemed to relish. A well, with windmill is provided on each farm, from which water is conveyed in pipes to residence, dairy shed, pig yards, &c.; So far Mr. Mills and family make dairy butter and sell it, but Mr. G. Hanel, whose farm is about half a mile distant, intends to start a creamery shortly, and the milk will be sold to him. No. 2 farm, which is not quite ready, has been let to Mr. J. Childs, late of Balhannah. Having seen the farms, the party returned to the homestead, where they had tea. At this stage Mr. Watson, for the Chairman (Mr. Mitchell), took occasion to thank Mr. Riddoch for his invitation and for the handsome way in which he had entertained the party. He included Mrs. Riddoch's name with that of Mr. Riddoch. Mr. Riddoch, in reply, thanked Mr. Watson for what be had said. He was thankful to the members of the Bureau for coming out, and giving him so pleasant a day. He had had an opportunity of exchanging ideas with praotioal and experienced men, and he hoped it would be of value to him. He trusted that when things on the estate were further advanced he would see them out again. At a quarter past 6 o'clock the visitors parted with their host, and started baok for Kalanga- doo railway station, and were soon on board the train for Mount Gambier. As soon as he brought the heifers he pur- chased to Koorine Mr. Riddooh had them dehorned, and he spoke very warmly in favor of the system to tbe visitors. It makes the cows docile to the people who have to deal with them, and peaceable among themselves. About 150 acres on tbe dairy farms have so far been treated with the superphosphate and bone dust manure. Mr. Riddooh interested the party a good deal by his description of tbe way in which he feeds hia cattle in the autumn and winter with straw mixed with molasses. He mixes 1½ owt. of molasses with a ton of the straw. It answers its purpose admirably, he says. When driving out in the forenoon Mr. Rid- doch's Bureau companion was Mr. T. Edwards, recently a Port MacDonnell councillor, and he gave that gentleman his opinion in strong terms of the policy of many councils in the South-East of discontinuing payment for the destruction of foxes. Mr. Riddoch thinks it is a most serious blunder, and that it will lead to great loss and trouble in the future. He may take measures in Parliament to have it rectified, if possible. He is paying 2s. 6d. each for foxes destroyed on his estate. The rainfall at Koorine for the first six months of this year was 8 .75 in., or 5 inches less than that for the first half of 1901. 