FfeSatiBtg' Bmh Fiis. '?: The summer has been a remarkably cool one up to the present (writes an "Ausna- lasian correspondent), bnfcifc is only reason- able fca expect that 'a. good deal of hot weather will he experienced after the New lear. As grass is most plentiful in most districts, it is certain that a high range of temperature will be accompanied by numer ous bush fires. This is the annual ex perience, and, notwithtauding its recm. lurity, the majority of L.nd-holrlers take few. if any, precautions to stay the pro gress pf a conflagration. They do riot- even protect their homesteads by ploughing a few farrows round the buildings, and burning ofl the grass within each circle, to- sav nothing of- securing the safety of- their boundary and division fences by means of fire-breaks. Yet. a. little labor in this wav may result in preventing the loss of hun dreds of pounds worth of improvements and glass. Some time ago a most ex'cellent- movement was.staffced in Southern Riverina i towns, when .bush-fire brigades were est ab- tow? i-o be!leve Berrigan was the first -town to organise and equip a brigade, and Jnd Wrk Was done lafifc' summer, aud also this year. It is purely a volunteer organisation, one resident pro viding horses . and a drag capable of seating 16 meu another a water cart and hose, another a trap to carry refreshments and drinking TfW fa.ct„everytbing that is necessary. ,fhfc blsr fir®s successfully. The brigade itself consists of young men employed in the town, in various capacities, and their era- S;V!InC !te,! Ully al!ow them t0 respond to 2-alirh ma be maf1e-ntheir ser- ice. . . The postal authorities aleo Oy forwarding free of charge, telegrams giving notice of outbreaks of fire, ancl the radius of operations is 12 miles from fWo town. Each nrenmn is provided with a beater consisting of a piece of leather; or reen lnde_ I2,n. by ISin., slit into three parts for about two-thirds of its length, and fastened to a wooden handle about 5. ft. in length. The slit parts of the , hide or leather are in some instances protected by pieces of fight hoop-iron, and beaters made n tins nay are most serviceable, beiim light and very durable. 