SHOOTING FATALITY. WARIALDA, Saturday. — A shooting fatality occurred yesterday at Agincourt, 25 miles from here, whereby a boy named Reeves was killed instantly. From the scanty particulars to hand it appears that deceased, with a lad named Hussey and a cousin, were out shooting, when by some mishap Reeves was shot dead. A magis- trate has gone out to hold an Inquiry. BOURKE, Saturday. A fire, which threatened to be very destruct- tive, occurred In a small untenanted wooden building at the rear of Towers' drug store last night. The building, which was the outhouse of a photographic studio, was completely de- stroyed, and the stable and other buildings of the Towers Drug Company were also damaged. The property destroyed was owned by Mrs. Sides, and is reported to be insured. BURROWA, Saturday. The recent fire at Cunningham Plains occa- sioned damage to the extent of £800. At Bendenine the loss sustained was much larger, including stacks of hay, fencing, and a large area of grass. Mrs. Ryan, Bobbara, also was a great sufferer. CAMPBELLTOWN, Saturday. The funeral of the late Mr. Alex. Munro took place this morning, and was very largely attend- ed. The body was interred in the Presbyterian Cemetery, the Rev. R. Steel, M.A., reading the burial service. COOTAMUNDRA, Saturday. In consideration of the good supply of water at the new reservoir, the borough council propose applying to the Government for the erection of swimming baths. COROWA, Saturday. A girl about 17 years of age, Millie East, met with a dreadful burning accident at South Corowa yesterday afternoon. She was engaged cooking at a fire in the open yard when her dress came in contact with the flames, which set it alight. In a very few moments her clothing was one mass of flames, even her hair being on fire. This she extinguished with her hands, and rolling on the ground managed to put the fire out. The unfortunate girl received very severe burns to the back of her head, and hands, and now lies in a very precarious condition. A meeting of shop employees was held last night to discuss the half-holiday question. The holiday had been conceded by the employers for five years past, but of late the agreement had been broken by one or two in a small way of business. The meeting, after a lengthy discus- sion, decided to appoint a deputation to wait upon the employers, asking their support to getting the Early Closing and Half-holiday Act extended to Corowa. DENILIQUIN, Saturday. The total amount collected by the Crown lands agent for the past quarter amounted to £3665. Philip Cahlll, an old age pensioner, was charged with drunkenness yesterday, and fined, and his pension allowance suspended for one month. A son of Mr. Martin Mertz, manager of Windoo- ran station, has been drowned in a creek near the homestead. As the report stated that the child was accidentally drowned, the coroner has dls- pensed with an inquest. GOODOOGA, Saturday. The Customs House over the border at Brenda, belonging to the Queensland Government was closed this week. Mr. Bloughton, collector, has been sent to Wompah, where he will occupy a similar position. LITHGOW, Saturday. Messrs. W. Sandford and E. James have re- turned from an inspection of the iron ores in Carcoar district. Apparently both gentlemen are satisfied with the raw material available, but no public announcement of their views has yet been made. The Works Department has granted £150 for expenditure on urgent repairs at Muttons Falls bridge on the Tarana to Jenolan-road. The Commonwealth Government has intimated that the question of the formation of a half- company of mounted rifles at Oberon has been noted, but owing to the absence of funds at the present moment it is not practicable to accede to the request. LIVERPOOL, Saturday. The potato crops are reported to have been a failure in some parts of the district owing to the presence of the potato-fly and white ants. The former attacked the crops in the beginning of the season, and caused considerable havoc, and lat- terly white ants, said to be identical with the insects which attack wood, have been found located In the potatoes in sections of the crops, and to have caused considerable destruction, in some instances leaving only the skin of the potatoes. Reports from Ingleburn and Glenfleld show that the recent excessive heat and bush fires have had a disastrous effect upon some of the orchards and vineyards. Owing to the inability of the local Volunteer Fire Brigade to obtain water from the water main during the progress of the recent bush- fire at Woodlands, consequent upon no hydrants being available, the Mayor has sent a letter to the Water and Sewerage Board urging that body to provide proper hydrants along the line of the water main in the vicinity of residences, so as to be of service in case of a future outbreak of fire. At the local police court on Saturday an old- age pensioner was fined 10s, with an alternative of three days imprisonment in the lock-up, on a charge of drunkenness. Defendant, who was fined twice recently for similar offences, had his pension suspended for a month by the Bench. MORUYA, Saturday. The council has been served with a notice by some ratepayers to open the street through the lately enclosed reserve by the 6th inst., fail- ing compliance the fences to be removed. Al- ready the fences have been removed once before, at night, but were restored by the council next day. MENANGLE, Saturday. The death is reported of Mr. Munro, late town clerk, at Campbelltown, and also of Mr. Kenny, corporal of the Camden Mounted Rifles. Both were highly esteemed, and very popular. The stopping of the express train from Sydney at this place is greatly appreciated, as the time of arrival is now 6.15 instead of 7.10. PENRITH, Sunday. Two young men, Mr. John Day (30), and Mr. Alfred Jenkins (31), both natives of Emu Plains, have died since yesterday. Day injured his spine through lifting, and Jenkins died from cancer as a result of being thrown from a horse. Two years ago both were as strong men as one would find throughout the country. Lately the Penrith council has been unable to supply the local railway tanks with sufficient water, the pipes being too small. The council has now offered to supply the commissioners with all the water they require for £600 per annum. It is necessary for the pipes from the pumping shed to the reservolr to be increased from 4in. (as at present) to 6in., and it is understood that the commissioners are willing to bear the ex- pense of effecting this. Owing to the increased traffic the demand for the supply to locomotives has been enormous. PARKES. Saturday. Mr W. J. Ligglns, of the Parkes public school, has been appointed teacher of the Nowra supe- rior public school. His place will be filled by Mr. D. Ferguson, of Waverley. TAMWORTH, Saturday. Mr. J. J. Phelan, Attunga, obtained a good yield of wheat this year. Notwithstanding wind storms and other trials 200 acres averaged six bags, while some went 8½ to the acre. Mr. O'Shea, also of Attunga, got a good yield. A small area of 20 acres giving 203 bags. The land has been farmed for 25 years. Mr. W. J. Peek, of Gidley, suffered considerable loss from wind storms, etc., but, nevertheless, 195 acres yielded 1100 bags. Efforts are being made to form a Caledonian Society here. Fever is very prevalent just now, and there are ten cases at the hospital. The various medi- cal officers also have their hands full of patients suffering from the same malady. The local land revenue for the year amounted to £47,476, an increase of £7581 on the previous year. Mr. A. Matheson has been elected vice-presi- dent of the Agricultural Association, vice Mr. R. A. Gill. NOWRA, Saturday. Mr. R. A. Irwin has been transferred from Now- ra to the charge of Wollongong Public School, the change being a substantial promotion for him. His successor is Mr. Liggins, of Parkes. WINDSOR, Saturday. At the annual meeting of the Ebenezer Pro- gress Association Iast night, the following officers were elected for the current year: — President, Mr. S. J. Dunstan; vice-presidents, Messrs. H. Bowd, J. Davison, and C. M. Cross; treasurer, Mr. H. King; secretary, Mr. C. A. Hoernlng. WEST MAITLAND, Saturday. Mr. F. A. S. Bowden, solicitor, died at his residence, East Maitland, this afternoon, after several weeks illness, from typhoid fever. De- ceased had only been married about eight months. He was a native of Ryde, and 39 years of age. The old age pension board received 868 appli- cations up till the end of the year. Of these 728 were granted, and 116 refused, leaving 24 to be dealt with. The board held 62 meetings. YASS, Saturday. Mr. William Fairley, public school teacher at Mantone Creek, near Yass, for the past four years, has been promoted to take charge of the public school at Bowning, vice Mr. Gow, retired. 