News, Notes, and Comments. The fifth annual re-union of the oldbovsof the Hawkesbury Agricultural College vm h'eld last week at the College, Richmond, The report showed % membership of .345 — an . increase ? over last year of 60\. Among the schemes of the onion is the erection of a club' house, to cost about £300. The old students have perpetuated the memory of the late 3\. L. Thompson (the first, principal of the College) by the erection in its lecture hall of a brass tabiet and an enlarged photograph ot the deceased. At the Cooma Quarter Sessions, held last week, . Richard Champney, grazier, of Bemboka, who was charged with stealing two heifers, the property .if Mrs. Morgan Thornton, of Nimitvbelle, was found not guilty, and was discharged. Several witnesses corroborated his statement of denial of guilt. The settlers near GQgandra have been obliged to petition the State Premier to open the newly con structed railway line to Gijgandra at once as far as the cartage of merchandise is concerned, as teamsters' frnrfifrff fW\ thousands of sheep are without- feed and in a starving condition. At the Premier's request the Railway Commissioners acceded to the petition, and, produce of all kinds is now being seat up on the new fine. At a fire at Mr. J. Papworth's farm, Wanum bnngle, near Coonamble, the sheds and stables were completely destroyed, together with 50 bags of wheat, several bags of barley, and a quantity of har ness. . ' figures are a great :leerease on last year's shipmoi The output of late maize will show an even grea deficiency. Faraier3 are cutting down crops for th cattle. The present drought is the worst ever e perieiiced on the Clarence River. That Avgeutiria- is making a strong bid for a latj share of the South African live stock and dead rn trade is made evident by the fact that the Houl- .Brothers line of steamers are carrying from Buei Ayres weekly large cargoes of frozen mutton a beef ; as well as horses and mules for Capetown. A bushfire broke out last week at Mount- Dav near Rockley. About 12 miles of country was bur Two sekztors lost nearly all their grass, so fencing, and sheep. Messrs. Pitt, Son, and Badgery, Limited, H Clark, and Co., and Harrison, Jones, and Devi Limited, sold a number of the fat stock exhibited the late Royal show. BullocKs brought from* £9 £21 ; cows from £11 to £15 10s : and fat sheep fr £1 4s 6d to £1 5s Gd. The South Australian. Commissioner of Police ceived news of two sad cases of death from thirsi the Par North of that State. They were those Henry Herbert Hopkins and bis son, On Decem 18, 1901, Hopkins, who had been droving in Quee land for 20 years, left Loudan station on a journej Rankine River. Nothing more was heard of the n until about a month ago, when another drover ca across the bodies about IS miles from Austral Dow Four dead horses were also discovered in the vicir of the bodies, and as one of them had its throat it was apparent that the unfortunate men 1 endeavoured to keep themselves alive by drinking animal's blood* The bodies were found about miles from tha nearest water. Hopkins was second son of Captain R.J^ Hopkins, of Bena: Dapto. He^ was married, his wife residing n Brisbane. Mr. William Mainwaring, of Rosehill station, n Jugiong died last week, from congestion of the lui at the -ripe age of 94. Deceased was one of pioneers of the district. Farmers around Bega are busy harvesting potato crop. This and the maize crops are yield exceptionally well. Ploughing has been gret facilitated by the recent rains. Thomas Tasilian Moor charged with stealing 1 draught horses from Mr. W. Fisher, near Gannu was sentenced at the Wagga Circuit Court to tt years' hard labour in CJoulburn Gaol. Frost has set in at Queanbeyan. Stockowners experiencing difficulty in finding grass to depast -stock. Straw is being brought up by several owi at high prices. Mr. Br C. Bulhunty, the Dubbo Inspector of Sfc report! that the Collie and Baladorin districts are i very bad state. The Collie bore is shut down i residents have to cart water from two or three mi From, the ' Port Douglas Gazette ' (Q). we le that a section of farmers in that district, represent about 20,000 tons of cane grown on the Mossn and Saltwater rivers, are prepared to back up ti opinions as to the capabilities of whites to do work in the canefields. Thus they are agreeabli pay whites £1 pel acre for thrashing cane (at same time the Mill Company are contracting to the same work for 10s per acre), or on the ot hand tbey will give whites 5s per ton lor cutti and thrashing cane. It will be seen that these tei are very favourable, and we hope to see gangs of n formed and busy at their work in the Mossman i Saltwater fields within a short time, and all al labour dispensed with. Mr. Jf. R. H. Gaggin, in a short paper r- at the annual meeting of the New South Wa Beekeepers' Association, suggested that it wo be wise for the association, in conjunct!' if possible, with other Australian combinatu of beekeepers, to approach the Federal Govemmi through the Minister for Trade, Sec, pointing - the unremunemtive prices obtainable for Austral: honey in London—about 27s 6d per cwt. fct.ug t top quotations of that market for the product, wl at the same time New Zealand honey of no bet qualty brought from 35s to even 60s per cwt. was about; time, he urged, that. the cause of t startling disparity in prices was inquired into. The Queensland Minister for Public Woi asserts that the tick is no ioiigerfeared in that 5ta The disease is now understood, and can be batt] with. The cattle, too, are becoming '. prool against it. A few inexpensive ' dips ' jvill keep in check. The residents on the northern bordi of New South Wales Who dread its approach ne have little cause for fear. A fire took place at Messrs. Wilson Brothers' I vercauld farm, near Lismoxe, whereby a stable w burnt. An Ayrshire bull which was being got reai for the show was much scorched. A separate buggy, springcart, and farm implements were bun and two young Ayxshires died from injuries. T. loss is estimated at fully £350. The returns of hay, straw, and chaff loaded at tl Orange railway station in December, .. January, Fe ruary, and March show a great increase on the r turns of the similar period J^t season. At the meeting of iheMbree Pastures and- Stoi Tinm-rf Tifr J rinr- irnti i^in ninniml iHiiTmj ? J\T\ F. Boydell treasurer, and Mr. C. .'Jail secretary. ] regard to Government boies it was contended that t) Board should have control of the bores along travel ing stock routes. A motion, -was carried that tl Board oppose the leasing of bores or the renewk of ihe present leases. The new travelling stock bi was approved. .;.... ' Ben Ifbmond station, near Glen Innes, has bee purchased from the Bank of New_South Wales b Mr. H. C. Taylor, of Dobokm, Narrabri. :, appeared, and the hay husbanded in the spring is being used to save the stock from sktrration. The maize and pumpkin crops have failed, and it is now slrjost too late to plant any kind of crop for winter :.ise. — A London cable of April 2 states :— ' ^The ! New York Herald's' article exposing the 'Beef Irust iryiuiny has been entered upon the minutes of the St nate. The prosecution of the Trust is con templated/' A general meeting of the Condemned Stock In :v.:imce Fund was held last week in Sydney to re '??j;;sider the stockowners proposition that the present t-yptem. of the fund be abandoned, and that every :?« ver receive 1 per cent, on New South Wales cattle m;ki2 per cent on all cattle bearing Queensland brands, and establish o fund on his own account. It was decided to ask the owners to postpone their decision, and to meet four delegates froai the fund to further (iiscusR the matter. ?: 'ii the 4th instant the exhibitors at the recent K-oyaK Show tendered a smoke concert to Mr. Fred Webster, in commemoration of his 20th year as secretary to the society, and also presented him. with an illuminated address testifying to the esteem in which he is held. This is to be followed by a more f';7j.stantial token of admiration in the course of a i'c\; days. Dr. Fiaschi, on behalf of the wine ex Li biton, presented Mr. Webster vrifch a handsome :'ii-^e of plate suitably inscribed. A deputation from the Bee Farmers' Association of Sew South Wales last week waited upon Mr. ' . Harper, railway traffic manager, representing the ?'iailway Commissioners, to ask for some reduction in t,he rates at present charged for honey. It was pointed out that honey and butter were rated in the sarre class, but whereas the value of one ton of iionsy would only pay freight on 15 tons of it over a distance of 250 miles, the value of one of butter would fAViy*62 tons of that product a similar distance. Mr. Zlarpur, in reply, said that the Commissioners could not make any alteration in the rates charged for honey. The Commissioners would consider whether they can accede to the request of the deputation that new tins be carried free to apiaries the same as re tun;ed empties. l\ews reached Albury on the 3rd instant that Mr. .Toliu J. Hore, of Cumberoona station, aged 48, had been found dead on the roadway one mile from his homestead. It was evident that he had been thrown iron- his horse and dragged along the roa4 for a considerable distance. He was greatly respected in fhe district. He leaves a wife— a daughter of Mr. Tames Mitchell, of Tabletop. - His father, the late ?.'tVu Hore, lost his life 20 years ago by a similar M-odent. His uncle, the late John Hore, was one s '-.he wealthy poineers of the district. .Jsxt of the lower Bendolba estate, near Dungog, v- 1 ,i -h includes some of the best farming land on the ?William's River, has been purchased.by Mr. J'. A. By ion. A I. the annual meeting of the Trangie branch of VdrmerB and Settlers' Association, the following jfiicurs were elected for the ensuing year :— Presi- dent, P. Barry ; vice-presidents, M. Forrest, W. yerpuson ; secretary, A. K. Butler, treasurer, J. H. Newman ; and a committee of 20. Messrs. lorrest, M'Cormack, Barry, Rues, Delaney, Perrotted, E, B. Kuliy and M. H. Kelly were appointed to give evi dence before the land board on the scrub- leases ques tion. Mr. E. W. Knox, of the Colonial Sugar Refining Company, in reply to delegates from the Clarence Farmer's Union, who interviewed him on matters affecting the sugar industry, stated that the com paiiv would not cancel existing arrangements with th-- ' planters provided the Federal tariff eu^ar conations remain unaltered. His company wcuid not undertake to do cane stripping. They had no objection to regauging cane punts, and for determining the average density of cane in differ ent parts of the district he thought it would be -.in nrlvantage to have smaller divisions than at pre nit. The payment of a rebate was entirely a mailer between the Federal Government and j-li4.nf ers, but he suggested that, say, 3s per ton be paid on delivery of cane at the mill and the balance at the e!»il of the' season to be determined on the average sweetness of the cane. Mr. C. Brooks haB been elected stock inspector fortlie Denmnn, Muswellbrook, and- Murrurundi districts, in place of Mr. J. W. Brodie, resigned. Tiievewere 20 duly quahfied applicants for the position. i.Jjcre is a great scarcity of all kinds of produce in Narrubii, and a number of teamsters are unable io Jeed their horses, some of whom are in a de pkinible condition. The Narrabri aitesmn bore is down 1120ft. As I^Bi'j abri ib supposed to be outside the limits of the aitcfcian basin, the probability of water being stro ck is considered remote. Water has been struck at Marshall's bore at a depth of 1540ft., and at Combo, Galong, at 1450ft. 3000 sheep are being li-ntcred daily at the latter bore. There aie large movements of stock through Scone in search of grass. 11,000 of Mr. J. B. Bettiugton's Brindley Park sheep, in low condition, were trucked there last week for New England. T!ie. recent rains at Daysdale have sent the grass up -. aiy quickly. A further downpour will materially increase the area to be put under crop. The continued drought in the Hay district is causing great anxiety to graziers. Many are hand feeding their stock. Much of the stock is away in. the summer country, but the leases are rapidly falling due. 'Messrs. E. B. Ronald and Sons, of Nap Nap station, near Hay, have been conducting an in teresting experiment in the artificial feeding of 5000 ewes, rising four-tooth that came back from the mountains, owing to the expiration of the , lease. The sheep are now being fed in a small river paddock on chaff, on which bran and salt are occasionally mixed. They receive twice daily i'lLi itly over a pound at each feeding. Referring to the pastoral condition of Queensland, ATr Trf»ahv. the Minister. jgr Public. Wojks,_ stated to a ' S. M. Herald* 'importer tffat ^nelh btate ' was worse off now than 12 xnonths ago. la his electorate iu the Western division there were vi le stretches where all the native trees had died. Ou-: of 22,000,000 sheep 10 years ago there are only 7,W0iOOO, now and of 7,000,000 cattle only 3,500,000 rxji.iin. A 3elaide millers are experiencing great difficulty in obtaining supplies of wheat. In self defence they \ r- ~-s raised1 tLe price of 15 our to £0. r olefui reports have rcarhnd thf Win:-:-.-1- coutrcll- n ? lie K jrthern Territory of Sc-u1 ^ Ausua La as to tie drought conditions in Central Australia. A number of blacks are arriving at Barrow Creek telegraph station in an exhausted and starved condition. The telegraph master at Barrow has just returned from a ride of about 300 miles in all directions around his station, and he reports that the country is utterly destitute of water, grass, and fauna. Complaints are made by stock owners in the Glen Innes district about the difficulty of getting trucks for their fat stock. This entails a loss to them owing to the falling off in condition of the stock. Stock are also sent away to Fiemington on off days. This means that sheep and cattle reach the market after four days without either grass or water. The Minister for Works for Queensland consulted with Mr. O'SuUivan in reference to the position of the new artesian bore at Hungerford, and sDggested that better results would likely be obtained if the site was moved for a short distance and placed in line with, bores that have been successful. Mr. O'Sulhvan agreed to carry out the suggestion made. The Victorian Agricultural Department has been notified by the War Office that the tender of J. Bell and Co. for the supply of 500 tons of the best Vic torian flour for the use of the troops in South Africa has been accepted. During the progress of the Royal Show at Moore Park the students from the agricultural classes at the Sydney Technical College visited the grounds, accompanied by their instructor, Mr. Henry Loid, who explained to them the important points in the agricultural implements, and in the farm produce and stock sections. At the Wagga Circuit Court John Smith was found guilty of setting fire to a stack of 70 tons of hay, valued at £200, the property of William Duncan of Murrulebale, and was sentenced to three years imprisonment with hard Labour in Goulburu gaol. The result of the guessing competition in respect of the fat bullock exhibited at the late Royal show was as follows :- -First prize £5, presented by Mr. George Loder, Singleton ; second £2, presented by the society. The bullock weighed 7131b. .-—First, D. J. Maxwell, ' Camden, 713Jlb. ; second, D. Ahern, Auburn-street, Go\i\burn, Thomas J. Ellery, Engledene, Peakhurst, and C. Mallet, George -street, Camperdown, 7121b. The Queensland Government has decided to ofier home stations on Goomburra and Mount Eussell '. by public auction at the lands office, Toowoomba, on Friday, May 9. The land with the Goomburra ' homestead comprises 448 acres, and that with Mount Russell homestead'1230 acres. The terms extend over 20 years. - 