BIG BUSH FIRE. GREAT DESTRUCTION HOMES BURNED OUT STOCK GRIZZLED TO DEATH. HAYSTACKS, CROPS AND MACHINERY DESTROYED. A RACE FOR LIFE A SCHOOL AND A BRIDGE BURNED DOWN. 300,000 ACRES OF GRASS AND MILES OF FENCING GONE. What has proved to be the most de- tructivc bush lire ever known in these parts raged on Friday and Saturday Just between Wantabadgery and Nan- gus, the whole of the country lying between thosu points bi-iii# swept by the fire tiund, mid cvui-rtliiug in the hlnipc of stock, fencing mid grass, tlmt. came in its way wns devoured in no tiim*. The high wind that blew on Satin dny rendered checking work utmost impossible, .tho'blnzo miming along nt the rate of ten miles an hour and at one lime 14½ miles in an hour was negotiated. The result of tho iire spells niin to -many hc-ltlers and uuvoro losses to many others, -for ' homesteads were swept away, slouk perished in thousands, growing cropa were carried off in a twinkling, and tho whole country side swept bare of herbage and fencing. The fire started at Wantabadgery woolshed on Friday moniing, anil how it was caused there are two different theories advanced — one being fliecon riiuient onu of phosphorus, whilst the other is incendiarism. The woolshed was soon denioliished, and then tho flames, tore along up the river. 'jMciin- whilo another tiro had started near Junee, and it was working rivisrwardn. Osi Saturday a high w'ind blew all day, and the (iro was driven along with terrific force. 'Burning limbs of trees were whiskid through the Mi ami cast about in all directions, and hundreds of fires would spring up in n few minutes. To fight the flames wns impossible, and .while the air resounded with the plaintive bleatiugs of slowly-ionsting sheep and slit-Til death cries of large stock, man had to fight hard for his own protection. _ Tho flames came rolling, along the vivm- on Saturday, jumping the stream . nt various points and ntariing fresh blazes everywhere. It had reached Nangns aboutdinnei-tiine, and Ihenthe wind changed And the fire swung round townrds Jnnce way, whew it seemed to meet the other tiro which was rac ing. Iheu cmno n f »''jJ iWWj(Ximi. of tho wind, 11 slicht^TT1 .''' -.'-:wS-*rtwi fire had viKmdJ-Ta11 ot )™n ?»'-? -'' tho wu.d.iSr*7' ''wtensd it«elt..Hnd cortou-Itf61 oh''g«'» *»'«» ''' would j.j^^gtf-havc swept up through Kimo /At to Gundngai. .- ^^gfNo prnpor estimate can yet bu ^^iiade of the damage done, but roughly Fpoaking, over 300,000 acres of grass, and hundreds of miles of fencing have been destroyed, to sny nothing of tho stock and machinery lost. Fully £20,000 worth of damiigo has -boon' done. Among the sufferers was Mr G. Pnsslow, who lost his waggon, con taining a lnrge load of wheat, only a wheel of the vehielo being saved. Tho io-idouco of Mr Tom Pnsslow was completely gutted, and. bis crop burned to the ground. Very little grass was burned nt Mr Angel's place, the Hi-o only getting into a corner of one pnddock .when the wind changed and turned it back. Sir Alf. JJoyton lost 100 tons of hay, all his grass, chain cutter and some fencing. The; lire ran right to tho tloor of the house, and it was only a , miracle that the place wns saved. Ho estimates his loss at over £200. Mr W. Gittoes had his dairying ynrds destroyed and all his grass as well. Mr Jim'Willinms was a heavy loser, J20 tons of hay, a reaper aud binder, chaff cutter, several tons of chaff, fen cing and grass being destroyed. -Mr Williams brought a load of chart into town-nu Saturday and purposed bring ing the remainder in on .Monday. But ' Man proposes and Gud disposes,', for whilo Mr \V. was absent nil his worldly goods were destroyod. Mr W. Uoyton's residence was i-nzed to the ground, also a standing crop of 40 acres, nil his grass mid most of the fencing. ? llr W. Jenkins, Billabong, expo rienced a severe knock. lie lost 1400 bags of whoat, but managed to snvo all his machinery, except two strip pers. He also saved his stock. .Ev erything elso was destroyed, nnd not iv blade of grass was left. Messrs \V:, T. mid Peter Daly lost all their grass and much fencing. The .. bitter's house caught fire, but the TS&flanies; woro got under control. **^Mik-'?- 1'iirkinK was burned right out, hh^thqusp and everything going, including tiWlaii.two horses uud n Mr Austin Pigram losTpwicticnlly p.vcrythiug. Ilis residence-was burnt to the ground, nnd with it his wordly nil, including clothing and cash. He hud five horses so badly burned that he hud to shoot four of .'.Ilium, Mr Pigrnm's wife mid children had to run to the creek near by and cower, theso for safety whilst the ilainos whistled ever them, v Mr H. Pigrnm had his bouse and wheat crop buriied, as well as grass and fencing. **?* Mi J T Wood, who \\\nsfiiminp r\ --nio 'Vinous lnnd, lobt his nop, dinj and UiTj. us well ns fencing f nss, tu- 1 wo''--f-h'|ipfM-- infl a II IL ' c \ U Ik l The large woolshed belonging to Air ?J. Burke, Conbn Greek, was burned down, im 1 this gditleinan lost about. 300 sheep mid thousands of ncres of grass. Mr T. Makehnm puts his losses down to grass and fencing, whilst Mr J. Hog.au, of Billabong Creek, lost his kitchen. The. I'illn bong Creek bridge (Wngga road) wns destroyed, nnd. -tho school hmis» nt. Coob'i Greek, with all school bonks, &c;, was bun.ed to tho ground. Nangns Estnto lost several thous and ncres of grass nnd 200 sheep. Had i ho fire not veered round when it did the losses hero would hare been very heavy. At Mr. J. Boveridgo's, Ton and rn Park, ngarly all the gniss nnd miles of fanning w--ro swept away, as well ns a largo number of sheep, but tho losses are not yet definitely known. Mr. J Sullivan's plnco nt Enrongilly wiiB Hwrpt, nnd bis residence caught (ire, but the flames were .extinguished. He lost all his grass. Mr McKinnon's losses i.re put down rit 2000 sheep nnd thousnmls of acres gl-HSR. Not a blade of grass wns left on the property of Mr C. J. MeCnrthy. Messrs ITefferwn Brothers hnd six head of horses nnd some cows badly .burnt, and nlmost tho wholo of their grass. Tho ntnount of destruction done nt Mr A. McDonald's was. 50 ncres of wheat and 40 tons of hny. At Mr T. Brnbin's plnco thousnnds of ncres of grass woro swept away. Mr J. Kelly lost his wheat crop nnd somo machinery. Mrs OoHins1 dwelling house and all it continued wns destroyed. Mrs Collins hnd a narrow escnpe, ns she hnd to stay in the burning house uutil the bush fire pnssed over. Mr J. Daley lost his dwelling and the whole of the contents. Mr A. J. A. Beveridge lost many .tlumsaid ncres of grass. ' Tho exact losses on Wnnfnbndgery station aie not. yet known ; but the grass is nil gone, and local agents are now looking for grass country for tho remaining stock.. Thousands of sheep perished on the station, ns well as many catllo nnd horses. In a yard near tho. woolshed a mob of several sheep wim-o pointed, and the enclosure was burned, and also the outer fringe of tho sheep, but the ones. inside were snved. ' : ? ?: \ Mr W. Smith, a boundary rider, nt Nangus, had a very narrow escnpo. The -lire wns coming on to him, so ho jumped into I3illabong Creok and let his horse go. The animal was burned to ileath and Smith wns almost suffo cated. Mr W J. McKiuncy, of Nnugus station, wns riding along the main vond, when the smoke overpowej*^ him, nnd he hnd to bp- sLe^'^^v'i .i ? i t_ ^?????Wnijceu into the resilience jji(BPcri i n i c c . _^oi all' Icier Daly for A swagmenwas proceeding along the main Nangus road, when his swag caught fire. The old chap tried to extinguish the blaze, but finding he could not succeed, ' Sweet Matilda' had to be abandoned to the fury of tho flames. The man escaped. Numbers of other escnpes nro re ported, people hnving to get into creeks, tanks and wells to save their lives, The heat during fho day was in tense, and in some places near where, the fire was raging it was 130 in the shade. At night tho glare of the fire could be seen for miles. There are still, a, largo number o£ dead trees burning, but thero is no danger to bo apprehended from them, as there is no grass to burn; On Friday night showers of burnt grass fell in Gundagai, being wafted from tho fire over tho intervening space by the broczo that wns blowing. 