Disastrous Fires in Victoria, The fierce heat and abnormal duststorm which were in evidence in Melbourne on the 28th ultimo appear to have been experienced in an intensified degree in the inland districts. In the city up to 158* in the sun and 103* in the shade were registered, and the strong wind kept the dust in motion, but in tho country the heat was registered up to 1G5- in the shade at Stratford, 107* at Echuca, and 110 ? at Sale,, and the dustorms were described as terrific. Other -- districts were still more ? unfortunate, by reason or outbreaks of bush fires, which in several cases, assumed alarming proportions. r- ' m the district ot rsenaua tne ousn nres were even : more disastrous than those which devastate^ the district a year ago. The whole district was enve loped in a cloud of dust, and . it was utterly impossible for any living tlung to face the fire. The tales of devastation . ap palling. The loss in fencing alone is enormous, and it is possible to ride 16 miles in a straight line without a fence intervening. Culverts and gates have been burned in every direction. .The township of Thoona, which stands on a little eminence, sur rounded by fertile plains, was completely surrounded by fire, and the surrounding country was one mats of flame— a magnificent but disastrous sight, 'Scores of settlers have been burnt out, iayolying heavy losses of live stock, machinery, grain, and geaera farm stores. Happily there is no loss .cf human : The district of Enmore was also tho scene of dis astrous bushfires, whrch were fanned into resi«wen me on the 28th ultimo by the strong northerly w in di which drove the flames along through the c,:;untry utv an alarming rate. The fire at Goldenvein, Moriwhn^. which had swept some thousands of acres -m the previous dayj' obtained Teuewed life, and txc-ps-/- stacks, bams, and outhouses were swept in a vory. little time, while many narrow escapc s oi life were reported. Further eastward immense ^ et= - : traction was caused by the fire which broke out, on Strathmore Estate, ? Over 4000 acres of Strftthmore . have bsen swept bare, of every vestige of grass.' The woolshed, sheepyards,- stables, &c.;, were &U; burnt,' but the homestead, fortunately, was saved. The fire, is still burning in some of the scrubby portions of -the estate. At - Mr. William Taylor's WestJied Estate the fire burnt a part of his property, but a hurricane blew . the flames through the grass and stubble in a sheet of flame. ? The homestead, barns, aud stables, with farming implements^ were totally destro) a«* well as a' considerable amount of stock, inching some stu'd rams and miles of fencing. Several omei properties were also devastated. The fire is raging towards Glenarona, and at Torn Gully immense volumes of smoke are rising. Very fev ef the farmers had their crops insured, consequently they will be heavy losers. For many miles thousands of acres now present a pitiable sight, no tiling but blackened and* chained ground, ruins of stacks, buildings, and fences remaining. The damage doue amounts to thousands of pounds. 