Sto §<mlw Wattflt, PUBLISHED EVERY WEDNESDAY AND SATURDAY MORNING. SATUEDAY, JANUARY 4, 1902 BUSH FIRES. FOBTTOTATELY thia season no serious buBhfire has swept over South Aus tralia, but the risk is not yet over by a long way. In the face of the reports we have from Yictoria and New South Wales, of grassy plains, fields of grain, fences, homesteads, stock, and even life, being given over to to the de vouring element, it behoves ail in the country to make note of the risk that has to be run, and the danger of being careless with fire. Many thousands of pounds worth of property in the Bister Btates have been converted to ashes during the past few days, and there is no compensating factor in the disaster. It is a pure loss. Undoubtedly many of our bushfires arise from avoidable causes. Fires are made by picnic parties and others, and are not properly looked after, and matches not extinguished are thrown away. These are fertile causes of disaster. Then sparks from railway and other engines escape, or hot ashes from the fire-box are dropped on the ground and carried by a puff of wind to where combustible material abounds. The results are all the same: fires, more or less destructive. The law provides heavy penalties for the careless use of fire outside during the summer months, but it is a rare thing to hear of anyone being brought up for so offending. This is no doubt largely due to the difficulty of sheeting home the offence. The country is so wide and so sparsely peopled that offenders can take great risks; and they do. Probably the greatest offender in the matter of starting bush fires is the railway engine. It is true that the railway authorities are most anxious to pre vent buBh fires, that their men have Btrict injunctions to look out that they do not start from sparks or hot ashes dropped on the line, that they burn the grass on the line, &c.; But still the fires occur in spite of those pre cautions. And it may reasonably be asked: Could not something more be done than is now done to protect pri vate property alongside the lines? Have we reached perfection in spark catchers and in ash boxes ? And are line-men as careful to remove com bustible matter from the line, and as energetic in looking out for fireB, as they might be? , 16 w&y; also b§ agked-»Do those whose land adjoins the railway lines co-operate as they should do with the railway authorities in lessening the risk of fires ? It appears to us to be a reasonable suggestion that those with land alongside a railway should keep a chain width at least of their land BO cleared that sparks would not hurt. And if it would be too much for the individual owner to go to the expense of this, why not arrange that the district councils should do the work for the general welfare P A fire when it occurs does not stay on the property of the man where it breaks out. It may do him comparatively small damage, and ruin his neighbor further away. A public body would be quite justified in spending a portion of its funds in safeguarding the pro perty of its ratepayers generally. We believe a good deal might be done to lessen the risk and damage of bush fires by intelligent co-operation. At present every landowner does what is right in his own eyes, and many do nothing at all. If the situation were intelligently grasped a scheme might be devised and worked out that would afford a reasonable protection within each district council at comparatively small expense or inconvenience to the ratepayers. At all events, the question is worthy of consideration, and there is reason to believe that if it were taken up something helpful would come out I of it. THE coming election is already exciting attention, and speculation is being indulged in as to the probable candidates and their chances of election. We understand there is a probability of only four of the retiring members of the Southern Province offering themselves for their old constituency. That does not mean that the other two will not seek re-election, but that they may become candi dates in another province. However, there is nothing yet definitely settled. If all the gentlemen now named as probable candi dates come forward for Victoria and Albert we shall have quite a crowd to pick from. The united district will be asked to elect three members, and as the four which now represent Victoria and Albert will come forward, that means that one of them must perforce be left out. If they had the field all to themselves itwould be hard to forecast how the polling would go under the new condi tions. But if Mount Gambier sends up two new candidates, Millicent one, Furner one, Penola one, and Albert one or two, the problem will become more complex. The four old members, we believe, look forward hopefully to the outcome. RCST, it ia said, has done some mischief to the local wheat crops, and the yield will not be BO heavy as expected a few weeks ago. But for the extent of the damage we must wait for the t-estimony of the thresher. HAY AND OATS,--Growers of oats a few weeks ago were in hopss that there would be a heavy demand for hay to ship to South Africa. That hope being cut off by the refusal of the Commissioner of Railways to concede a special tariff for hay not so many of the oat crops were cut for hay as in tended. This it is hoped will obviate a local glut. The crops saved will yield well in oats, and there is likely to be a paying demand for oats. Oats are now being freely bought in Melbourne and Adelaide, and large orders may be looked for from South Africa. The Commercial Milling Company, who are going into the oatmeal business ou a large scale, will be heavy buyers of the best milling oats. The oats, it is said, will turn out well, and the quantity for sale will be considerable. THE NEW POTATO PEST.-The insect pest which has lately been doing so much damage in our potato fields and gardens has been identified by Mr. Williams, Inspector of Stock, as the Rutherglen bug or fly. It got its name from being first noted in the Rutherglen district of Victoria, where it did considerable mischief before it was got under. The insect is armed with a strong beak which it inserts into the vegetation it preys upon, aad which it soon converts into a blackened ruin-on potatoes the effect being very similar to a heavy frost. Mr. Williams said he first met with the pest at the Burra in 1885 where it did mach damage in the gardens that year. It disappeared, however, without any special action being taken to expel it, and he never heard of its re appearance there. Mr. French, the Victorian Government entomologist, recommends a I benzoline spray as the most effectual weapon to fight the bag. We may add that, though potato tops appear to be its favorite food here, it will attack all kinds of green vege tation and fruit, and it is fortunate that the season was so far advanced before it made its appearance in force. How it came here, and how it multiplied and spread so rapidly, are mysteries awaiting solution. TEXT MISSION.-There is a meeting to day at 2 30 p.m.; also to-morrow at 8 and 7 p.m. In the evening the subject is en titled-"Review of the Rev. W. H. Hanton's Second Attack on Adventist Errors." Good meetings are expected. "THE AUSTRALIAN- BEE BULLETIN- " for December is to hand. This well got up little magazine appears to hold its own amid the crush of specialist publications, and always has a store of information calculated to be of use to beekeepers. It id published by Mr. Tipper, West Maitland, New South \Yalss, THE ceremony of taming in the water from the Barossa reservoir to the Gawler tank was performed on Tuesday. After wards some festivities took place. Gawler for manjT years has been supplied with water from a 279,000 gallon tank, which was obtained by pumping from a local source. There was a risk of this running out, which will be obviated by the laying on of water from Barossa. The Barossa reservoir has a capacity of a thousand million gallons, and is fed from the Barossa river. The reservoir is seven miles from Gawler, and its estimated cost is £225,000. The work is not likely to be completed under 12 months yet. ACCIDENT.-Mr. R, MacLennan, guard on the Mount Gambier and Wolseley line, sustained a rather painful accident early on Wednesday morning, atPenola, while shunt ing truckB on the down goods train. Hav ing uncoupled a pair of trucks he stepped back to get clear, and tripped over one of the signal wires. Falling forward he struck a truck with his face, and received a deep gash on the upper lip, which bled freely, and caused a good deal of pain. On arrival at Mount Gambier he went to Dr. MacDonald, who dressed the wound, and put three stitches in it. TELEPHONE EXCHANGE.-The request of the members of the Mount Gambier Tele phone Exchange that the Exchange should be kept open till 10 p.m. has been granted. The alteration will date from January 1. RABBIT trappers are notified by advertise ment in our columns to-day that the receiv ing of rabbits at the Border Preserving Works will be commenced on Monday, January 6. THE Hamilton Spectator Almanac for 1902 is up to its old form, and is the best guide to the Western District of Victoria that we know. THE NEW YEAR was introduced at Mount Gambier in the usual manner, but in a somewhat quieter way. The shops remained open late on Tuesday night; some of the fruit shops as late as 1 o'clock on Wednesday morning. Crowds of people thronged the streets till after 12 o'clock. A few illumina tions were displayed during the evening, including a large treble shamrock design over the entrance of the South Australian Hotel, two or three designs at the Town Hall Hotel, and the " E.R." design over the entrance of the Town Hall; but there were not nearly so many illuminations as have been displayed in former years. It may be mentioned that all the new designs dis played on Christmas and New Year's Eve, with the exception of the Town Hall design, were put up by the Colonial Gas Associa tion. Between 11 and 12 o'clock watch night services were held in the Presbyterian, Methodist, and Baptist churches and the Salvation Army barracks, and had the average attendances. As soon as 12 o'clock struck bells were rung, guns fired, and steam whistles blown in various parts of the town, and thus a part of the population welcomed the new year aud sped the parting one. After 12 o'clock the Mount Gambier pipe band paraded the streets for a time playing Scottish airs, and kept hundreds of people listening to them. New Years Day was favored with glorious weather, and was most propitious for the Caledonian Society's Bports. This was the great publio event of the day in the South-East, and very few except visitors left Mount Gambier for any where else. We give elsewhere a report of these sports, which were amended by about 4,500 people. The continental was attended by nearly 3,000, which is a record attendance for a continental at Mount Gambier. On New Year's Eve the young men and others whose surplus energies often find exercise in mischief behaved themselves in a very com mendable manner, and we have heard of no silly pranks having been played anywhere about. VISITORS.-By the special oheap train on Tuesday evening 170 persons from the city and about 40 others from stations on the way, arrived at Mount Gambier, thus adding materially to the large crowd already in the Mount. Special trains from Narracoorte, Penola, and other stations to the northward, and Beach port, Millicent, and other stations to the westward, brought, on Wednesday forenoon, for the Caledonian sports, nearly 1,000 people. By the train from Millioent 550 came, and by that from Narracoorte 380. Of course, nearly all who came by the specials on Wednesday returned by the trains that left after the continental the same evening. A good many of the Adelaide visitors left on Thursday and Friday mornings, but there are still a considerable number in the town and district who will remain the greater part of the present month. THE WEATHER was very enjoyable most of the week, but yesterday it was not so. It was extremely sultry from early morning till about 3 o'clock. The temperature was not high-135° in the sun and 92° in the shade-but that was no index to the un pleasantness of the day. The forecast issued yesterday afternoon was :-"Change this (Friday) evening and night, with light rain and partial thunder-storms. The wind will veer to west-south-west and later on to south, blowing fresh." The change came as forecasted, but it continued very oppressive for a good part of the night. RAINFALL FOR 1901.-There was at Mount Gambier 3£ inches more rain in 1901 than in 1900, the figures being 32.42 in. and 29.17 in. Last month the rainfall here was 1.45 in. on eight days. In December, 1900, the fall was Ti points. THE SECOND TEST MATCH.-The second test match between the English cricketers and the Australian Eleven is still" at &n; in teresting stage. The Australians closed their second innings for 353, which, with the surplus from the first innings, set the Englishmen 405 to get to win. Yesterday the Englishmen had lost five wickets for 147, so that the chance of their coming out on top is not promising. But there is nothing certain in cricket. AUCTION SAI.ES.-Messrs. Livingston and Yates will conduct a sale of stock at Kalangadoo on Wednesday. Messrs. Young Bros, will conduct a sale of stock at Mount Gambier ou to-day week. OBITUARY.-The late Mrs. George Shelton, who died at Nymphsvale, Roaaville, on Tuesday, had been a sufferer from an incur- able disease for many years. She was a colonist of 48 years, having come from England with her first husband, Mr. William Robert- son, in the ship Duke of Richmond in 1853. Mr. Shelton and his first wife were pas- sengers by the same vessel. In 1876, Mr. Shelton, having lost his first wife, married Mrs. Robertson, then a widow, and brought her to Mount Gambier, of which she was, therefore, a resident of 25 years. The late Mrs. Shelton was, as long as her health per- mitted, an active worker in the cause of charity and temperance, and by her decease the Woman's Christian Temperance Union will lose a respected member and the Baptist church a valued worker. She was highly respected by all who knew her. Her age was 68 years. The funeral on Thursday was numerously attended. The Rev. T. Dowding performed the last offices of religion, and Mr. G. Renfrey carried out the funeral arrangements. Mrs. Mary Wedd, wife of Mr. A. Wedd, sen., of Glenburnie, died on Thursday morning, after a long ill- ness. She was a colonist of 48 years, and a resident of Mount Gambier of 41. She leaves three sons and three daughters. Her sons are Mr. A. J. Wedd, of Ardno, Mr. H. C. Wedd, of Glenburnie, and Mr. W. Wedd, of the Advertiser office, Adelaide. The deceased was much respected, and her funeral yesterday was well attended. The Rev. W. H. Hanton conducted the last services. FAULDING'S MEDICAL JOURNAL for Decern ber is to hand. Its contents, as usual, are interesting, and there is something in it that will interest most readers. THE REVENUE.-The revenue of South Australia for the quarter ended 31st December is approximately set down at £556,023; and for the half year at £1,085,752. That is to say it is less by £224,193 than for the corresponding six months of 1900\. Most of the lines of income show a decrease. MR. HANDYSIDE, M.P. for Albert, has been among the visitors to Mount Gambier during the past few days. MR. ROBERT KENNEDY'S ENTERTAIXMEXT. -Last night an entertainment, arranged by the Mount Gambier Caledonian Society, was given in the Institute Hall by Mr. Robert Kennedy, the popular Scottish vocalist, and a number of local singers. There was a fair attendance, and they enjoyed a musical treat. Mr. Kennedy contributed seven or eight numbers himself, and he carried his audience with him all the time he was on the stage. In his own inimitable and vivacious styles he sang both the pathetic, the warlike, and the humorous songs of Scotland. At times a hush would steal over the house; again they would be fired by the enthusiasm of the singer ; and then they would be moved to hearty laughter, as, in broad Scotch, Mr. £<2nne{ly humorously explained gome song he was going to sing. More than once the audience demanded an encore, but Mr. Kennedy explained that he had many songs to sing, and they would not be the sufferers if he disappointed them by not reappearing then. After the overture, " Stars aud Stripes," had been played by the orchestra, Mr. Kennedy gave "0 sing to me the auld Scotch songs," aud during the evening he also sang " Get up aud bar the door, 0," "The march of the Cameron men," "The land o' the leal," "Scots, wha hae," "Sae will we yet," and other selected numbers. Miss Badenoch sang "I will" and "Steering home" in good style, and Mr. J. Mawson's comics, "Don't go, Jane" and "He was a good, kind husband," were loudly encored. The Misses Carr and Masters Harrington and Haig gave two Scotch dances, and their stepping was admirable. Miss Mawsou was warmly received when she sang " When night is darkest " and " The promise of life;" Mr. Maytum gave a capital rendering of " Plymouth sound Mr. Lienau sang "A May morning" effectively; and the same may be said of the way in which Mr. T. M. Kennedy gave "The'Long-shoreman." The entertain ment was brought to a close by the company singing "AuldLang Syne." Mr. Maytum pre sided at the piano, and the orchestra was composed of Messrs. Maytum (piano), J. T. Topham (violoncello), J. E. Topham and T. Barratt (violins). 