"One million, pounds in timber alone” is the loss which the officers of the Forestry Department estimate to he annually sus tained in Victoria from bush fires. As to the total extent of the damage thus oc casioned in the state every year, not even an approximate computation is possible. It is only when a whole country side is swept 'by flames and the fruits of a year’s labors are destroyed in a few hours or minutes that the public imagination is struck, and that same conception is form ed of the enormous destruction of property occasioned. Such was the case in the summer of 1900. when several parts of Victoria reported the greatest bush-fires since ©lack Thursday. In the Yackan dandah district the damage done was roughtly estimated at about <£50,000 —live- stock, homesteads, grass and fencing hav ing been destroyed throughout a great area. From Warrnamibool came reports of about half a -million acres of grass des troyed, together with six woolsbeds, many thousands miles of fencing, 20,000 sheep, and 300 cattle, the damage having been estimated at upwards of <£loo,ooo. The devastation experienced in parts of Gipps land -will be vividly remembered. In tlie Glenmaggie, Upper Maffra and Briago long, districts three persons were burnt to death, about 50 miles of country swept, and live-stock, homesteads, bridges and culverts destroyed- The township of Cur rajong was almost demolished; in the Tarnbo River country homesteads, fencing, crops, stacks, and grass to the value of j <£20,000 were ruined, and other destricts suffered very severely. Each year a similar tale is told. The present summer j is nob yet far spent, but already it has furnished its records of devastation such •as that wrought lately 'between Kilmore and Broadford, where an area of some thing like 60,000 acres of grazing and arable land was laid waste, and for mile after mile nothing was to be seen but •blackened ashes and smouldering trees, except the equally saddening spectacle of homesteads denuded of every outbuilding, every vestige of garden, and every picket and pale. Men who were busy garnering for the harvest which was to repay them for a year’s toil and patience were faced with the necessity of drawing upon such reserves as they might have to carry on for another year. They lost heavily as j individuals, and the state suffered through the check given to production in its most profitable forms- Such have been the ex periences also of, at one time or another, almost every important farming district in Victoria/with an aggregate loss to the state which is incalculable- Stories of disasters arouse interest for a time, but rarely does the sympathy which they excite lead to practical results- The Minister of Lands declares that he is quite at a loss to suggest any means by which the recurrence of disastrous grass fires can be prevented. Extensive fire breaks are being mado in the state forests, tut the carelessness of youths on shoot ing expeditions and of tramps frequently sets at naught the precautions taken- Every year the Chief Commissioner of Police specially directs the attention of the police stationed in country districts to the need, of doing all in their power to check the careless use of fires or firearms, and there can be" no doubt that if greater caution in this respect could be enjoined and enforced, one of the most serious causes of mischief would he diminished- Bush fires may -and do spring from a variety of causes, but farmers do not hesi tate to name carelessness as one of. the I principal of them. In the case of the Broadford. fire, which left the Strathmore estate and a number of neighboring pro perties desolate, the fire is said to have been ■occasioned by - the recklessness of a mumber 'of youths who went into the dis trict'on a shooting expedition. These an nual trips of careless and "irresponsible lads are .viewed with alarm by all farmers, who know from bitter-experience the dan gers; arising from, the use, of -paper gun wads, and the careless management of camp fires. The suppression of ibis par ticular danger-should be practicable un der a law placing a proper responsibility upon, the use of' firearms.' Another disas trous fire in the same district was attri buted , to' the carelessness of an Indian 'hawker, so that in these two instances, at any- -rate, a district. would > have been saved from devastation had ordinary cars been exercised; and- had' past' heavy losses aroused a' due sense of the need for string \- precautionary -measures districts- The reports of the 'bush fires of the season have, indeed, furnished a for midable list of charges of careless use of fire, and probably a few cases of exem plary punishment of those responsible would have a salutary effect- There is an act aimed at the prevention of this care lessness, and it should 1 be enforced as strictly and as severely as possible. The Forest Commission has suggested various other practicable means by which the dangers of fires can be diminished, and stress cannot bo laid too persistently up on the importance of giving effect to these, and more especially to the recommenda tion as to the adoption of some form, of spark- arrester on the railway locomotives. The industrious energy with which settlers and townsfolk form themselves info ama teur fire-brigades for the time being, in the face of peril, to beat back the bush fires and stamp them out, shows that under pressure of necessity concerted action is not lacking, but it would assuredly be more effective if taken before hand on the Hues recently suggested at Broadford viz-, in the form of a general combination among farmers, graziers, and all others whose interests are endangered, with a view to taking whatever systematic steps are possible to prevent the spread of fires, to call public attention to the danger, to arouse vigilance and to check the careless ness of those whoso thoughtlessness is often responsible for terrible mischief. The continuation of the cricket match between the English eleven and a Ballarat eighteen was witnessed by a large crowd on Saturday. The English innings concluded for a total of 469 runs, Hayward’s contri bution being 197, made as the result of a masterful display of batting. Hayward was at the wickets for four hours 44 min utes. When time was called, ten Ballarat men had been disposed of for 235 runs. The display given by the local batsmen was highly creditable. The chief scorers were C. Bailey (49), Irwin (not out 36), C. Baker (37), Morgan (26), and Kennedy (22). The gate receipts for the two days totalled <£29l 10s, of which the Englishmen took 75 per cent. nett. Too much praise cannot bo given to the secretary of the Banarat Cricket Club (Mr Harry Bull) and Mr Ar thur Alston for the complete nature of the arrangements for the match. A report of Saturday’s play appears in onr sporting columns. s More developments have taken place in connection with the series of robberies with which the man William Ward, alias W. A. Carter, is charged. Yesterday a member of the firm of Oliver aintl Stevens, leather warehousemen, who some month's ago were robbed of a quantity of leather and boot uppers, a great deal of which property has been found at the boot shop occupied by the accused in Burnibarik street, identified the articles. A- large bearskin rug. valued at T 6, which was also found in accused’s house in Clayton street, avas identified by 'Mrs Robinson, of Drum mond street, while Mr Mitchell, huilder. who lost a number of carpenter’s tools from a job in Wendonree parade, also; identified several articles as hie property. A Wholesale robbery of furnituie has also been cleared up. It appears that some months age a public servant, who was about to be married, purchased a hoarse and furniture from a Mrs Hocking, I at Ballarat North. Before, however, he could take possession of his purchase, thieves descended on the house and remov ed a considerable quantity of the furni ture. This has now been discovered at the premises in Bumbank street formerly occupied by accused, and Mrs Hooking yes terday identified the property as hers, i There still remains other property to be I claimed, and the detective police would be iglad if the owners of a concertina, English make; a pair of "coastguard” field glasses; and a case of mathematical instruments, inscribed "Thomas Utiey, 1866,’’ would l call alt the station and iden tify them. The fact that so long a pe riod has elapsed' before the alleged offen der was discovered is due to the fact that Ward has never, excepting on one occa sion. visited the Ballarat pawnshops, and j the first oocasion on which he did so he 1 was pounced upon. If is also a curious ! fact 'that the articles pawned on this visit I were, so far as is known, not stolen pro- I perty, I A narrow escape from destruction of pro- j perty by fire was experienced on Saturday , night at “Tiverton, ’ corner of Peel and Ebden streets. The house is an eight-! roomed out, and occupied as a boardings house by Mrs Jane M’Gie. Shortly after 1 12 o’clock, as one of the boarders was re-! taring, the curtains on his bedroom window ' caught fire and the flames quickly spiead ‘ to the bed and bedding. A couple of neighbors who observed the flames from the street at once aroused those in the house, ■ with the object of getting them out, and ' enabling the male boarders to render as-; sistanee to the lodger, who at this time was : trying to subdue the flames. Fortunately,; a tap in tbe room supplied sufficient water ; to cope with the blaze, and with the as- • sistance at hand, the fire was confined to ; the one room, and the damage done was j slight. The walls of the room are of can- j vas and paper, and it was fortunate that; the boarders, who were asleep at the time, j were called to render assistance. The per- I son who first discovered the fire from the; street resides in the neighborhood, and in- i stead of running to break a fire alann, con- i sidered it his duty to arouse the inmates,; whose rooms were full of smoke. He then ; watched the progress of the fire, and seeing ’ that it was well in hand, decided that the ! firemen were not required. - | The ‘loitering of persons of suspicions | character about Wills street, near Gren-; villo street, calls for immediate police at- 1 tention. Complaints are made frequently i as to women being insulted in the locality, ! particularly those who are unaccompanied.; -On Friday night the suspicious movements of a man just before midnight in the ; thoroughfare mentioned were watched by i some residents.for several minutes, until.: seeling that he was observed, he disappear- : ed. _ Late on Saturday night a clergyman , on his way home noticed two men under a ■ tree in the roadway. One of them rem ark- j ed, "Here, mate, I want you.’’ The rev- j erend gentleman walked smartly to get in- j | bo the light of a lamp close by. and heard ; I one of the men. say, “I think I can manage j | him-” When the minister "Well,; come on and let me see in the light,” ; one of the men was then heard to remark I to the other, “Let him alone; it’s too dan-; gerous.” There appears to be need in j Wills street, and also in Mair street to; Lydiard street, of an occasional visit of a ; plainclothes constable. The appearances j at certain hours of the night of a uniform i constable cannot have the desired effect,' as the times of these visits are known to. those who have criminal intentions. i . The work of health, officers is by no ; means a sinecure, and at times i't is any- - : thing but pleasant- Even on Sundays ! it is sometimes necessary to take steps in j the. public interest, as aV case yesterday • proved- . Early on Saturday evening, Mr j J._G. Williams, whose attention had been ; drawn to a oertain establishment in Mair I street, cautioned the .proprietor, who pro- j raised to abate the nuisance caused by ! some putrid fish in his hack yard- ' At 10 i o’clock the same evening, as the offensive \ matter had not Been removed. Mr Wil- j liams again cautioned the occupant of : the premises, but complaints from red- i dents in the vicinity' yesterday showed ; that no notice had been taken of these j warnings. Accordingly,-Mr Williams, ac- j companied ty Dr- Jordan; the health J officer, .and- Sen’or-Co ns table Am«l, risit •ed the premises 'during:, the. afternoon, j They found - two. galvanised' . iron T recap- j taclos, each capable'of holding aeveralgal lons -of .matter, and these 'were about threorparta -full of fish in a most advanced state of putridity. The odor from these to most offensive, even in the right-of way at the rear of the Federal- hotel, near ly 50 yards away, and in the yard itself and the immediate vicinity the effluvium was terrible. An examination of the shop itself showed a basket of fish that was fast going- putrid under one of the counters, while a fair portion of the fish in the ice- chest was unfit for human con sumption. The oysters that had been left on one of the slabs from. Saturday night were also bad. The health officer accordingly condemned the whole of the contents of the shop, and these were re moved during the evening under instruc tions from the 'health officials. The case will be reported to the City Council, and taken -into consideration by the finance committee on Thursday afternoon. A narrow -escape from shocking death was experienced last night by an invalid who resides with a man named Batten in Victoria street. Had it not been for .the presence of mind of a young man named O'Shea, who was passing, and who burst in the door and extinguished the flames which were just breaking out, the house, which is a small weatherboard one, would have been burnt and the invalid, who was unable to leave his bed, must have perish ed. Particulars of the affair will be found elsewhere. The members of the Ballarat Fire Bri gade were called out shortly after 10 o’clock on Saturday night to atteud a fire in Ro dder street. The scene of the conflagration was a three-roomed cottage, occupied by a widow named Mrs Burnett. The briga diers assembled with, their usual prompti tude, but unfortunately owing to the fact that the nearest fire plug was situated several hundreds of yards away, the fire men were powerless to do anything in the way of saving the building, and the fire burnt itself out. The origin of the fire is a mystery. Mrs Burnett states that she left the house at about 9 o’clock for the purpose of visiting her mother, and at that time there were no signs of fire. Mr Woods, a neighbor, expresses the opinion that the fire broke out near the fireplace, giving as a reason that the -kitchen was first in flames. The house was insured in the Citizen’s Company for either ,£7O or .£BO. A circular has been received by the City Council, drawing attention to the fact that the Frankston <3as Company’s works are under offer for sale by tender. Doubtless the person who forwarded the announce -ment-ment had observed that a proposal is to be submitted to the City and Town Councils for the purchase of local gas works. Probably the Frankston works might be secured for a much less- sum then the local plant and good-will, but —unfor- tunately' or otherwise, as the case may be —the councils are not in -a position to ex pend the ratepayers’ money in the pur chase of gasworks at a distance. The only authority of this nature the Local Go vernment Act confers upon them is to en ter into and c-cmple-te negotiations for ob taining possession of gasworks within the municipality. It is not likel’* therefore, that a tender will go down from Ballarat for the purchase of the Frankston works. In order to improve the appearance of -the shore of the lake be ; tween the steamer sheds and View ■ point, a quantity of white graved was pro j cured some time ago and spread at the I margin of the water. The cost of the un ! dertaking was considerable, but the effect i produced was entirely satisfactory. There !is now, however, a possibility, unless ! prompt action is taken, that the gravel will be wasted owing to the recent over flow of the lake having washed a large quantity of it Tight on. to the footway, where it is being gradually trampled into the path by the numerous pedestrians who visit tbe lake. The employment of a man for a (toy to rake the gravel back to the | water’s edge would meet the difficulty, and j prevent th e former outlay being hopeless ly lost. . The meeting of the Town Council, which wa9 postponed on Friday owing to the visit of the English eleven, will take place at three o’clock this afternoon. lueluded in the -notice paper are the'matters of con sidering and ordering on tenders for the renovation of the steam road roller, the formation of Fussell and Short streets, Mount Pleasant, and the supply of 120 yards of pitchers for each ward- Tlure are also four notices of motion to be dealt with; one by Cr Elsworth regarding the matter of the drain running through Mr | Hcdder’s proptrly at Black Hill, and an | other by Or J. A. M’Neii. with reference jto the recisicn of a resolution on the | books d'laling with the issue of slaughtor | ing licenses. The third is by Cr PeaTce regarding the distribution of tbe metal supply, and- the fourth by the mayor (Cr Johnston) with reference -to the dismissal of one of the council’s employes. A lad named James Dyer, 16 years of age, living at Haddon, was taken to the Ballarat Hospital on Saturday, suffering from an injury to one of his feet, the re i suit of Ms being thrown out of a cart. His ankle was badly sprained, and, owing to tbe fact that the foot- was very much swollen the doctors were unable to deter mine whether there was any fracture of the banes or not. He was accordingly admitted to one of the casualty wards, and whan the inflammation has Men redued the -medical -men will be able to ascertain whether the -ankle has been broken. Inspector Beckwith will atteud at the yards ' c-f Ccghlan, Boase, and Cos., to day, for the purpose of purchasing horses suitable for re- mount duty in South Africa. Intending sellers should make early entry. Mr Agar Wynne, M.L.C., Solicitor-Gene ral, who passed through Hamilton on Thursday (writes the "Spectator), verified the report published in a former issue that Mr J onus is -to be -appointed resident, police magistrate for Hamilton. The appoint ment will be officially made at an early date. The Warmambool district will be assigned to Mr M’Cormick, and the boun daries of the districts will probably be the same as they were prior to the amal gamation. Air Johns is a conscientious and experienced magistrate, and his return to Hamilton, will, we feel sure, be hailed with pleasure by the residents as a whole. The next item of interest to Ballarat cricketers is the -match to take place on the Melbourne Cricket Ground between fifteen players, representing the country clubs, and the English eleven, on the 24th, 25th, and 27th inst. The authorities of the M-C.C. have kindly granted the use of the ground fo-r a practice match for the con venience of the players chosen for the coun try fifteen, on the 21st and 22nd ir.sts., while practice wickets for country players will be available on the 23rd inst. The monthly meeting of -the Buninyong sh-ire Council will be held to-day. The many friends o-f Cr J. E. Jones, Mayor of Sebatopol, will regret to learn of the death, of his wife, which took place early on Saturday afternoon- For some weeks past Mrs Jones, who was only 30 years of age, has been laid aside by rheu matic fever, upon which dropsy superven ed, so that her end was not unexpected- The deceased lady, who was widely respect ed. leaves two children, the younger of whom is only eighteen months old. The funeral wdl-1 take place this afternoon, leaving Mayor Jones’ residence at 2 o’clock, and members of the Sebastopol branch, , A.N.A. are requested to take part. There was a plank charge sheet at the Town Police Court on Saiurday -morning. Mr W. Robertson, J.P., was in atten dance. Amongst the accident cases treated at the Hospital on Saturday were tbe follow, ing.—Sarah Gummow, a young woman living in Talbot street, lacerated wound c-f ear, -the result of a blow. Alick Laid law. -a young man living in Hotham street, contused thigh, the result of a kick from a horse. Sarah Dunn, a middle-aged wo man living in Clarkson street, cut thumb, the-result •of a bottlp bursting. Frank _-Mortimer- a young man living in Plea. ’ sant street, lacerated wound of scalp, the result of a fall from a horse. I-n this case it was-considered advisable to keep the sufferer in one of ihe casualty wards, for fear of concussion of the brain superven ing. The George Hotel, which has been in ex istence since the earliest days of Ballarat, is to disappear, plans having been prepared by Messrs E. and B. Smith for the erection of a handsome three-storied building, which it is stated will cost from .£BOOO to .£lO,OOO. There have beeneerveral projects set.on foot for replacing the old wooden structure, and at one time it was intended to. pull the pre sent building down-, and erect a theatre and hotel there. The new building, when completed, should make a fine addition to the architecture of Lydiard street. A somewhat complicated debt case was heard at the City -Court on Saturday morn ing, when two sisters appeared on either aide. Mrs Emma Rees sued for .£4 3s, said "to -be -due as money; lent, to Mrs Elsie Gob den, who put in a counter claim for £6 14a 6d. Defendant denied ' halving borrowed any money from her sister, who. she assert ed, had none to, lend. Mr T. Robinson, who appeared for Mrs Cohd- eni argued that the case was only brought in a spirit of vin dictiveness, but this wae denied by Mrs Rees.-. Mrs- Cobden prodqoed her. house keeping-books, which were apparently care folly kept, and proved tie purchase for her sister of a number of items ranging from lanoline to feeding bottles, and also stated that she paid doctor’s and nurse’s fees for her. Eventually the bench gave an order on the claim for the amount sued for, and on the counter claim for a balance ’.n de fendant’s favor of £2 11s 6d, with £1 6a costs to defendant. The inter-state cricket match between the New South Wales and South Austra lian teams was continued on the 'Adelaide Oval on Saturday, Piye of the New South Wales batsmen were out for 269, when stumps were drawn on Friday, but S. and G. Gregory were in fine form on Saturday, and carried the total to 359, when the last named was caught by G. Giffeu, off Jaivis. S. Gregory made 182. The New South Wales hitter. Howell, was in a merry mood, and hit up no fewer than 67 runs m an hour. He punished the Australian eleven's fast bowler, Jones, very severely, hitting five fours off one over. The innings closed for 472. Jones oaiy succeeded in taking one wicket, which cost him. 130 runs. When slumps wt>:e drawn lor iho day. t.lie South Australians had lost three wickets tor a total of 123 runs- The fortunes of cricket were again illustrated in the case of Clem. Hill, who. fresh from his triumph in the second test match, only succeeded in mak ing 26 on Saturday, when he was bowled by Howell. Yesterday morning, at 1 o’clock, a gen tleman residing in Wendouree parade brought to the Ballarat North police sta tion a man named James Given, aged 43, a sailor, who was apparently suffering from insanity. The man, who had been found wandering round the lake, declared that ike 'lrad not been drinking, bui was ini such a condition; of "funk” that Sergeant Daly had to keep a watch on him until daylight. As soon as possible Owen was brought 'before Air 0. Edwards, J.P.. and remanded for medical treatment, and re moved to the gaol forilrwim. The uncertain nature ox the game of cricket is evidenced at every turn. That usually dashing Sydney batsman Sid Gregory had so utterly faiied to bat up to expectations in the first- two test matches against A. C- Maclaren’s eleven that an agtba icn was commenced in many quarters for his exclusion from the Aus tralian team in the third match to com mence at the Adelaide Ovai on Thursday next. In the first innings of the New South Wales eleven against the South Australian eleven Gregory showed an un mistakable return to form, by making 182 in a brilliant innings of four hours and 33 minutes duration. He gave one chance— a hot one—when his total stood at 97. Ii; will certainly be rather difficult to omit him from the Australian team after his latest display. The Bev. A. S. Dendy, who has for somo years been the curate of the Cathedral Church, has been appointed vicar of King ston, and will leave shortly to take up his new duties. Air Dendy has made himself very popular while in Ballarat, and his de parture will be regretted by his many] friends. The fact that the members of the Eng lish team were delighted with their visit to Ballarat affords proof that the efforts put forth by the officials of the Ballarat Cricket Club to make the stay of the Eng lishman enjoyable were ikcrougliiy success ful. A unanimous wish was ex-'-essed by the members of the team to prolong the visit, but as special accommodation had ! been provided on the Adelaide express on i Saturday night, this was found to be im possible so far as concerned the g; eater number. Alessrs Quaife, Gunn and Barnes, however, were so pleased with Ballarat that they decided to stay here till this evening. At the Salvation Army Barracks, in j Little Bridge street, large gatherings as j sembled yesterday, when three special ser ; vices were held, Captain Loekhead taking ! farewell of the Ballarat East corns after a ; service o! twelve months, and a similar period in Ballarat West. The meetings were most successful, while the financial re sults were considerably above the average. Amongst those who took part in the ser vices were Lieutenant ClUfokl, who is leaving Ballarat for South Yarra; CapLaini Spencer, of New Zealand, en route for Charlton; Adjutant Woods, who was in charge of the Ballarat East corps some years ago, now en route from Afount Gam bier, South Australia, to Burwood, New \ South Wales; and Lieutenant Beeve, se { cond in charge at Ballarat East. During ! the services the members of the band sang | a farewell company song of their own com ■ position- Ensign Thompson, of the Mel bourne City division, who has been ap pointed to the chargo of the Ballarat East corps, will be tendered a welcome at the barracks on Thursday evening next. A united tea meeting will take place at the barracks on Tuesday evening, the arrange ments being in the hands of Staff-Captain Baird, and subsequently a public meeting will bo held. Amongst those who will take part will be Staff- Captain Baird. Ensign Lamberton, Captain Feltham, Lieutenant Lookbead, while Captain Loekhead, wnose term of office has been signally successful, will take a final farewell of Ballarat before leaving for his new station, Fitzroy North. The Mayor of tfie Town (Cr Johnston), his fellow councillors and their wives, have received an invitation from the Mayor of Bendigo (Or Hoskins) to pay a visit to the Quartzopolis during the currency of the Gold Exhibition. No definite dace has yet been arranged for the trip, bni it will in all probability take place in the month of February. In the pharmaceutical register, publish ed in this week’s ‘‘Government Gazette/’ an interesting record appears of the names of those practitioners who were registered in 1877, and who still remain either in prac tice or who are yet alive. Amongst them are Messrs Wm. Binzer, J. G- Bloore, Henry Brind, W. Cornell, A. J. Foord, John King, sen-, T. Longstaff, W. H. Mal yon, James Parker. J. H. Heed. J. W. Scott, E. Towl, T. It. Treloar, B. Weish, J. Whittle, all of whom were in practice in Ballarat before the 1877 Act was passed. A party who were driving irome to In verniay on Saturday night in u-n open wag gonette had a su-nitwhai lively experienca in Lydiard street. They were passing near the corner of Clarendon street, when one cf the reins which was allowed to fall too slack caught in bka s-nuit, and the Oliver pulled it so suddenly that the horse swerv ed and fell, while tho wheels o-i the vehicle locked. Fortunately the waggonette did not capsize, although it swayed over to one side, but the occupants made such haste to leave it that they came out lite rally "all of a heap,” and a couple of them sustained sundry bruises. Hunever, the horse was soon on its feet again, and with a caution to the driver to ‘try ancll keep awake,” the party started again. The majority of the English team of cricketers left for Adelaide by the express on -Saturday night, and so great was the crowd that assembled to see them off that the -barriers had to be closed- A special 'boudoir car was attached to the train for the convenience of the team, Who were given a hearty send-off by the people ou tlie station Widespread regret was expressed in the Dean district on Saturday when it became known that Mr N. W. Quick, the well known horse-breeder, had passed away. The deceased gentleman, who was a pro- minent figure at all gatherings where horses were to be found, had been suffer- ing for some time past from an internal complaint, and an operation failed to ef- fect a cure. Mr Quick had during a very long residence in the district, gained the respect of all with whom he came into con- tact, alike for his genial qualities and his sterling honesty. He leaves a grown-up family, several of his sons having set tled in the district as farmers. Messrs Cameron an-d Sutherland and J. Miller and -Co., who were the victims of a series of robberies, the perpetrators of which wore recently convicted at the City Court, -wrote last week to Superintendent) Hamilton, stating their intention, under approval of the Chief Commissioner, of presenting Detective Bogerson, who was chiefly instrumental in 'bringing the of fenders to hook, with a small token of their appreciation. The memo, asking for ‘Air Cho in-ley's consent was cordially endorsed by 'Superintendent Hamilton, and tih Chief Commissioner returned the mem-: with a note attached, stating that ho ha no objection. . 'His Honor Mr Justice -Williams will, it is stated, he the -presiding judge at the next sittings of the Sunreme Court in Bal i la rat, which open on the 18th prox. There is every promise -of the list- 'being a heavy . one. ■ The sixth anniversary celebration of the ; Rc- kewood, Pitfield, and Bsrringa branch' | of. the Amalgamated l Miners’ Association will be held in the racecourse paddock, Pitfield Elaine, on Wednesday, sth Feb ruary. An. excellent -programme has been drawn up and includes the following cycling events: —Anniversary Handicap, two miles, first prize £lO, second £3, third £l, entrance 3s, acceptance Is; On-e-mile Handicap, first prize £4, second 30s, third 10s, entry 2s/acceptance la? Half- mile Handicap, first prize £3, second £l, third! 10s, -entry 1« 6d, acceptance Is; District Handicap, 1 mile, t?n miles radius from! Pitfield Post Office, first prize £3, second :15s, third ss, entry Ys fld, acceptance Is. Entries for the first, second, and third 