Through the Western Division. EAST OF THE DARLING. BY LANA. XI. My next visit was to that interesting settlement Mildura, but a description of it will appear after the finish of my articles on the New South Wales side of the Murray. As I found it difficult to get taken on by station buggy to reasonable distances, I decided to go to Euston by boat. After over 1000 miles driving in all sorts of wheeled conveyances, a trip on the water was a pleasant change. It meant over 150 miles, the distance by land being only 60 miles, but I was fortunate in travelling in a comfortable boat, BALRANALD BRIDGE. the Trafalgar, whose commander, Captain Cantrell, did all in his power to make my trip enjoyable and instructive, whilst my fellow-passengers embraced several settlers on the river from whom I gleaned a valuable lot of information. For more than half the distance the country on each side of the river is of the same character, i.e., gum flats, with mallee and scrub at the back. In some spots the mallee grew close to the banks. The bends of the Murray are very tortuous, in several instances making three quarter of an oval in shape. The scenery was rather of a tame character, and as there was very little green feed or herbage along the route, it required the most romantic mind to conjure up poetic inspiration whilst on the trip. But to one seeking rest this water jour ney is to be recommended. The steamer not being large it is necessary to replenish the fuel from time to time, and we had several stoppages to take in wood, which allowed the piscatorially inclined to try their -ik, but if the larder was depending upon what was caught, it relied upon a broken reed. The first station on the New South Wales side of the river we called at was Mallee Cliffs. The owner, Mr. Sands, was away from home, but from his son I learned that the season was anything but good, and out back was not to be relied upon, as there was nothing to eat for the stock, the country being mallee and porcupine. Kulkyne station, on the Vic torian side, is better than most of the properties on the lower Murray ; there being good grass and salt bush back from the river. The feed must have been good, as a bushfire broke out shortly afterwards, and for some days afterwards I saw the reflection at night. Probably some of the neighbouring country may have caught also, but I was told it was all on Kulkyne. The next place we called at was Ki station, owned by Mr. Kilpatrick. We fortunately found him at home. He evidently is one of the lucky ones in the district, as there was a fair amount of good feed on the frontage. The crop had also turned out better than expected, and he had three good stacks in the yard as a standby. Shortly after leaving Ki we entered what is known as the largest bend in the Murray, called the Euston or 90-mile bend. On the New South Wales bank we passed Tapalin station, but as the timber was thick and a good depth in, I had no opportunity of judg- ing whether there was any feed on the adjacent country, but I was told that there was very little. It was late in the afternoon when we reached Eus ton. The day was hot, 110deg. in the shade, and the town seemed to me to be one of the quietest I had as yet passed through on my travels. It has a popu lation of about 200. The buildings are scattered, the principal being the post-office, churches, Custom house, two stores, and two hotels. The lower part of the town is subject to flood, and I noticed a bank erected on that side of one of the stores facing the river. The town is one of the oldest on the river, but not quite of the age of Balranald, It is also one of the main crossing places for stock into Victoria. Euston station, which adjoins the town, is owned BALRANALD HOSPITAL. by Mr. William Taylor, of Overnewton near Keilor, Victoria, who is also the owner of Salisbury Downs, Bootra and Manfred, and properties in Queensland and Victoria. Mr. W. Taylor, jun., was away from home, but Mr. Brown, the overseer, showed me several points of interest. The country on the frontage is mostly gum flats, but of little depth. Pine, sandhills, mallee, and lightly timbered box alternate at the back. There was not much feed to be seen. The homestead and garden are among the best on the river. Mr. Brown tells me that foxes are becoming a terrible nuisance. They have come mostly from the other side of the river, which they swim. Native dogs are also plentiful ; and a good crusade has to be kept up to keep the rabbit down. Thus even in a good season the profits are much discounted by the expense in keeping these pests down. The woolscour, on the river, is one of the most compact and best improved private plants I have seen. The bulk of the wool from Bootra, Salisbury Downs, Gol Gol, and Manfred is sent to this station to be scoured. There is in use a Hall's machine which turns out 30 bales per day. In a good season over 3000 bales are shipped by the trading boats. The sheep are a cross between Tandara (Raleigh) and Noorong (Arm strong). The average weight of fleece last year was 31b. 1oz. The quality is undeniable, but in my opinion a better return could be obtained if a more robust wool was produced. Mr. Taylor cultivates about 100 acres, all for hay. Last season 66 acres near the homestead yielded 90 tons, and 25 acres out back 20 tons of hay. This season a total of only 17 tons was obtained trom about 100 acres. The woolshed and yards are very good. Opposite Euston NATURAL WOODED AVENUE, APPROACH TO BALRANALD BRIDGE. station, Mr A. T. Creswick, of Liewah, near Moulamein, owns Bombang, where he cultivates extensively. He had 1000 acres in crop this season, and a good yield was expected. From Euston station to Balranald I travelled by coach. It was a little after 8 at night when we started, and about an hour afterwards the main bar of the pole broke. As there was nothing in the shape of a tomahawk, rope, or wire in the boot we were rather in an awkward fix. However, by the aid of a star I got the direction towards a fence, and after a quarter of an hour's exploiting found a weak BALRANALD WATER SUPPLY. spot in the wires and "borrowed" (in this case permissible) enough for our purpose. Should the owner of the fence wonder who the culprit was, he will be no longer in suspense when he reads this article. In the meanwhile the driver, striking out in the bush, managed to break down a young needlewood tree, and by the aid of his knife shaped it to the required length, and we soon were fixed up again for a fresh start. We had, however, to travel slow. The country we traversed was wretched, being nothing but mallee, pine, and belar scrubs, wherein grew spear grass, currant bush, and some useless weeds. The only living animals I saw on the journey were a fox and rabbits, and during a short camp we had on the road I could hear the dingoes a short distance away. We went for miles through the Canally resumed area, which I am told has been abandoned by the lessees. Balranald is a scattered town, but rather prettily situated on the banks of the Murrumbidgee River. It spans the river by a bridge equal in design to those at Wilcannia and Wentworth. On the east side the approach is by a natural gum avenue, very pretty. The town looks, and I was told is, very clean and healthy. There are some fine build ings in it. The hospital is very up to date. Mr. W. O. Close is Mayor, and there are a number of prominent townsmen who have the best interests of the town thoroughly at heart. Some fine fish are caught in the river, but mostly codfish, which finds a ready sale in Melbourne. A few miles out of the town there are irrigation works, but, like Went worth, they are a failure at present. Only eight or nine blocks have been taken up, but no provision has been made to irrigate them. The soil is a red, sandy loam, especially adapted for crops and fruit-growing. The town is very old, but how old I could not find out. There were some white people settled here over 50 years ago ; it has a population of 750 to-day. The name of the town has rather an interesting origin. It. is called after Bal- Ronald, an old Scottish town on the coast of Skye, where the Macdonald clan reigned supreme. It was a surveyor of this name, and a member of the clan, that laid out the Australian town and christened it after his native place. The word ' Bal ' means a steading. The history of the town, as far us known, I got from Mr. Daniel Flynn, a retired police sergeant, and from Mr. Carter. The latter arrived in 1852 and Mr. Flynn in 1857. In 1851 a man named Lowcock kept an hotel which he transferred afterwards to a man named Hannan. There was a store kept by one Edwards, who afterwards became O.P.S., and another store was kept oy a man named Brand. A log police station made up the buildings of the settlement. The country around had been settled upon some years before. Canally run was owned by Phelps and Chad wick, Paika run by Flood, and Yanga run by Augustus Morris. Over 3000 blacks used to be cam ped in the district about 50 years ago, but, although there was plenty of fighting amongst them selves they gave little trouble to the whites. Bal ranald was a favourite convincing ground, for the blacks from the waterholes on the plains, from the Lachlan, and even from the Darling used to come over and fight the tribes on the river near the settle ment. Captain Cadell, after his journey to Went worth, took his boat, the Lady Augusta, up the Murrumbidgee to Balranald, the first that had been seen on the river. The country then was mostly stocked with cattle, but Canally and Yanga had a few thousands of sheep. In their expedition Burke and Wills crossed at Balranald and went across to COURT HOUSE, BALRANALD. Paika. The first magistrate of the town was a son of Major Mitchell, the explorer. Two miles up the river from Balranald there is an island the soil of which is very good, being undulat ing rich flats and open timber. When Lord Jersey travelled in Riverina in 1891 he visited the island, which was then principally inhabited by some of the remnants of the black tribes. He presented the land, and dedicated it, for the use of the aborigines. To day there are only 20 of them left. No need to state the cause of their decline. The rabbits, however, have more than made up for the sparsity of the bi footed population. The town was proclaimed a municipality in 1883. With this article ends a des cription of the Weslern division section of my tour. My next will be in Riverina. (To be continued.) 