THE BUSH PIRES. The last days of 1901 have made them selves remarkable for a record of hurricane, heat, and bush fires. It is fortunately not often that we have to report such widespread destruction by fire, both in this State and in Victoria, and to make the fact more striking the same column which on Wednesday chro- nicled the ravages of the previous day's con- flagrations' in the districts more particularly of Wagga, Young, and the Blue Mountain tou- rist resorts, also contained the news of the hurricane accompanied by " the heaviest storm of rain and hail ever known in the neighbourhood of Coolamon and Ganmain." The contrast bears testimony to the diversity of climate within our territory, for while in dozens of cases the country was burning like brushwood under a pall of smoke and a burn- ing sun, in these others the township streets were in flood. For Sydney and its vicinity the real change from the pleasant weather of Christmas was felt last Saturday. The sun's rays filtered through a haze of smoke, tired citizens sweltered in the moist atmo- sphere, and by day and night the condi- tions were such as to be rightly de scribable as almost unbearably oppressive. That state of things was unpleasant enough while it lasted, but the lot of the citizen was almost halcyon in contrast with the fate which overtook the bush-dwellers. Bush fires were the rule, and from all directions came variants of the tale of destruction. An eye-witness has described for us the situation on the Blue Mountains, where the vacation seeker, taking refuge from the humidity of the coast, found himself hemmed in on all sides by a ring of flame. It was at first reported that the show-places of the mountains at Leura Falls and about Katoomba had had their beauty and picturesqueness destroyed for the time being, but this report was hastily contradicted and assurances given that men had been set to work to repair the actual ravages. At the worst, there has been no harm done that a little time will not put right. It would be pleasant to be able to say the same with regard to the destruction wrought elsewhere, but it is greatly to be feared that the afler effect of some of these fires will be much more serious. The long list of sufferers and the nature of their losses given in our telegraphic columns the other day sufficiently show this. In the Wagga district we hear of stations almost completely cleaned out of grass and stripped of fencing, and there is a continuous record of burning homesteads, stables, haysheds, and the like. We read of settlers' families who had to take refuge from the flames in a creek. About Young there is the same kind of story current, and the member for Gundagai has had to seek Governmental assistance for the sufferers in his district. The number of farmers who have lost wheat is apparently large also, and even in districts like,those around Maitland we read of destruction to fencing and grass. At Ellalong on Saturday the residents were engaged for hours fighting the flames which threatened the township. From places so far apart as Wollongong, Howlong, Grafton, In- verell, Lismore, anti Murwillumbah, to men tion some centres only amongst many, the tale is echoed with more or less grave circumstantial additions. The account as a whole brings back in a forcible and graphic fashion of its own a recollection of the arduous conditions of pioneer settlement in these States, when the first rough work of colonisation had to be done. In those days settlers expected to have to fight their way against drought, fire, and other disabilities, among which may be named the risk of famine and the blacks, both of which are non-existent to-day. Those two perils have passed with the white generations that had to contend with them, but much as we have pro- gressed in civilisation and the enjoyment of the advantages of settlement since then the year of grace 1902 finds us fighting against droughts and their consequences much as our predecessors did in the first days. Now as then droughts and bush fires are looked for about December, January, and February ; and it is needless to add that the expectation is often fulfilled. This year has not been a bad one as summer goes, and fortunately the wheat harvest was well gathered in before the fires broke out. There is an encouraging gleam of comfort in this even Tin the midst of the calamities that have come to many of our farmers and sheep-men at this festive season of the year. Perhaps, the most destructive, and memor- able of Australian bushfires, or at least the one which has passed most securely into popuiar tradition, was that known to the Vic- torian population of fifty years ago as "Black Thursday." It was remarkable even among Australian summers to the newly arrived who had begun to be attracted by the field for homemaking and settlement then thrown open, for its intense heat, and in bush- fires, destructive alike to cultivation and stock, on February 8, 1851, things reached their point of culmination, and that particu- lar Thursday has been handed down as a reacord and a memory with its distinctive adjective ever since. In December-Fabruary, 1874-5, New South Wales and Queensland had a somewhat similar experience. But there have been many such, and it would be much easier to compile a long list of such droughts and fires than to suggest some prac- ticabey means by which it might be possible to make these things as old fashioned and out-of-date as the other out- grown conditions of early settlements. The ploughed and bare circuit of the wheat fields, the fallows, the plantations of fire-resisting trees and grasses, the burned off "breaks" around homesteads, and other devices for stopping fires are but feeble defences. So far as can be seen it only remains to warn resi- dents against contributing by negligence and carelessness to the origin or spread of these fires in the dry season. There is an Act on our statute book aimed against care- lessness in this matter. It should be en- forced when possible. The industrious energy with which settlers and townsfolk form themselves into amateur fire brigades for the time being; in the face of peril, either to beat back the flames or to stamp them out altogether, shows that under pressure of ne- cessity the immediate effort is not lacking. It will be seen from our weather news this morning that in view of the exceptional dry ness of December the occurrence of these particular bush fires is not remarkable. 