A VISIT TO THE CRAMPIANS. NOTES FROM A DIARY. Last week a number of Dimboola sport. men paid a visit to the Grampian mountains, the party consisting.of Messrs. F. Sug, C'. Baby, G. MAlkentin, W. Haby, jun., and A Siebelt. A start was made from the mallee town early on Monday morning, Horsham being reached in good time. After a short stay in the Wimmera capital the journey ] was resumed. At the Drung Drung station Mr. John Bnshby invited the visitors to stay for the night, and a very pleasant even ing was spent. On the following morning Mr. Bryde Bushby, a son of. the genid proprietor of Drung Drung, undertook to act as pilot, and escorted the party to a suitable camping ground. Mr. Bushby, who is acquainted with almost every inch of the country around the mountains, proved him self not only an excellent guide, but a first class companion, and was able ta answer the hundred and one questions put to him as the wayfarers travelled through the country, which seemed endless and which was of the wildest description, in the vicinity of the mountains. The Blue Blocks, were crossed, but the party were not favorably impressed with them. The land is densely timbered, great trouble being experienced in finding a road through the fallen trees. The country is admirably adapted to bee- farming, which should be highly profitable, but it is not at all suitable for agriculture. At one of the" numerous creeks which pass down the mountain side the party had a rather excit ing incident. When the horses had got into the stream they became frightened and started plunging, with the result that one of the swingle bars was broken. As the vehicle was in the bed of the creek, the men had to jump into the water and elfect repairs as best they could. After a brief delay the creek was crossed and shortly after Rose's Gap was reached, Thoparty camped at "the Gully," an exceedingly pretty spot. "rthe Gully," ib is said, has a history of ite. own. In the days of Morgan, Mfelville and other notorions bushrangers, the homestead, which is still standing, was used as a police station. : Later on the building was occupied by an ill-fated family named O'Bourke, who lost their lives in a disastrous bushfire. The family consisted of Mr. and Mre. O'Rourke and a daughter, IS years of ago. The girl bravely faced the flames as the fire threatened the homestead, but she was burnt to death, and the father and the mother were so severely burnt that they succumbed to their injuries shortly after admission to the Stawell hospital. Since then the place has been deserted. The ranges surrouding "The Gap" were visited daily,game of all kinds being plentiful. Emu, kangaroo, deer, and wild goats were occasionally seen. On one carouse in the ranges a huge eagle hawk was sur prised carrying off a lamb, but a well directed shot caused the vulture to drop his prey. The scenery is described as mar vellous, and would bear comparison with any part of Victoria. Waterfalls are numerous, one having a drop of over 400 ft, the glistening stream as it passes over the precipice presenting a beautiful spectacle. One of the visitors suggested that a spet could be found in the mountains which would be highly suitable as a site for the proposed Federal City. Its natural forti fications are so complete that an enemy could never take it. Aft:er several days' recreation the return journey was com menced on Saturday, the p'rty staying at Mr. luoshby's homestead, where they were hospitally enter tained, on Sunday, and the following day Dintboola was reached. The members of the party are so pleased with their trip that they intend to revisit the; Grampians in the course of a few months, 