BUSH FIRES. SOUTHERN RIVERINA. ENORMOU[?] MANY NARROW DSCAPES. TWO DEATHS REPORTED. SYDNEY, Monday. The bush fire which brode out on Den gar and M‘Donald Brothers' Wantabad gery Station, in the Junee district, on Fri day, and raged with great fury the fol- lowing day, has proved to be the largest ever known in Southern. Biverina. The Oura Station fire joined it, and hundreds of thousands of acres of grass have been dee troyed. The fires crossed the Murrum bidges at Cabtree. Wantabadgery, Nang Nangus, and several other places; and the fire-fighters had a fierce battle. A light fall of rain on Saturday afternoon allayed the fury of the fire for the time being, but the wiuds since have given- it a fresh start, and the whirlwinds, carrying burn ing debris hundreds of yards, rendered the efforts of -the men almost futile . Wantabadgery Station consists of 40,000 acres, and every bit of grass has been des troyed with the exception of a corner of 1500 acres. The station management has a difficult problem to face in finding -fresh pastures for 60,000 sheep. Thousands of 1 sheep were destroyed in the flames, and a large number of those shifted to places ot safety were so badly singed that a big percentage of death is expected. Mr George Seymour, Air W. Ledwell. and the M'Glede Brothers, who have farms leased from the station, were completely burnt out- The fire spread to a number of adjoining stations and farms, and the losses are very heavy in grass, crops, stacks, stock, and, in some places, dwell iugs. The following are amongst the smaller losses: Mr J. I'. Quitter, Burnt Creek Station. -200 acres of grass, hundreds of sheep, and 14 miles of fencing. Mr Angus Mackinnon, 2000 acres of Fiowerdale property and a large number of sheep. In one place Mr Mackinnon found the charred remains of 200 sheep. Mr C. J. M'Oaithy, Springfield, lost all his grass and fencing. The family- had to flee to a hill, near which the grass had been burnt a few weeks before. Mr .u'Carthy, who had been seriously ill, was completely prostrated by his efforts to get away- from the flames. Mrs Heffernan, Eosegreen, lost all her grass, and her house was only saved bv Lhe use of a hose worked by herself and her daughters- Mr Thomas Brabin, of Eurongilly, suf fered «£2OO damage, and Mr David Weir A3OO \- Alexander MTDonald, of Glencos, lost three slacks of hay, 50 acres of stand ing crop, and a lot of grass. Mr J. J. Sullivan amt Mrs Turnbull are completely burned out. Mr A. J. A. Beveridge, of DollarvaJe, lost 3000 acres of grass, and Digram Bro thers lost all their grass, their dwelling, and crop. Mr J. Passlow, of Cooba, lost half his crop and machinery. Mr James Kelly- lost his waggon, 40 bags of wheat, besides standing crops. Mrs Edwards ,of Cooba, lost her crop, house, and orchard ■ Mrs Coilins, of Cooba, lost Her dwelling and ail her grass. Mr John Bourke lost his woolshed and outhouses. Mr George Passlow, of Cooba, lest 200 fat wethers. The fire was stopped at. Beveridge's drafting-yards. about a mile from Mittu Creek. Fresh outbreaks occurred in dif ferent parts to-day, but with the large number of men assembled and he aid oi water-carts from all parts, it is expected ihat they will be able to prevent any fur ther serious damage. A telegram from Gundagai states that the settlers along Cooba Creek and Nutta Nutta have suffered heavily. Over 50 miles of fencing has been, destroyed, and 4000 or 5000 acres of standing crop was lost, and several thousand sheep, besides cattle, horses, houses, farm implements, and household furniture, have been des troyed. Apart from the loss of grass ,£50,000 would net cover the direct da rnagage, including that on Wantabadgery Station. About 3 o'clock on Saturday the fire reached Mr W. Jenkins’ property at Bil labong Creek, travelling 30 miles an hour. Fences, grass, and outbuildings were swept away. Mr Jenkins also lost 500 acres of standing crop, a number of bags of wheat,! strippers, cleaners, Sheep, a few horses, | and cattle. The fire reached Mr J. J. Wood’s property, adjoining, and destroy ed a sulky, a dray, 50 bags of wheat, 120 acres of crop, harness and two '-aluable horses, Mr A. Pigram, whose selection adjoins the Nangus Station, suffered severely. He lost his house, four valuable horses, besides ail his wheat crop. His wife and chil dren had a narrow escape by rushing into the Biliabong Creek. The fire reached the southern boun-daiy of the Nangus Sta tion, and about 200 sheep perished. Mr J. Williams, a selector on'Nangus, was completely burnt out. He lost ten tons of hay, anew reaper and binder, and a chaff-cutter- Mr W- Boyton’s house and furniture and 30 acres of crop were lost- Mr John Bourke, o-f Cooba Creek, lost 2000 acres ot grass, much fencing, and 500 sheep, Messrs John Daley- and J- Passlow, of Cooba Creek , lost every thing. Hr Albert Jen kins, adjoining Mt W. Jenkins, was com pletely burnt out. Mr T. Wakehams losi grass and fencing and 50 sheep. Mrs Turn bull, living on Wagga road, lost all her wheat, besides the bulk of her other pos sessions. A young man named Smith had a nar row escape of being burnt to death owing to his horse knocking up whilst he was galloping before the fire. Seeing that the flames were rapidly overtaking him, he sprang off his horse and plunged into Bil iabong Creek, and escaped with a scorch ing, lus horse being roasted. It is supposed that a swagman has been lot, as his pipe and his swag have been picked up, but there is no trace of the man. There is some difference -of opinion regarding the origin of the'fire, the use of phosphorous being advanced by some, others believing it to be the work of an in cendiary, as a bottle was found in. which a lighted candle had been placed. In the Cootamundra- district the terrific wind on Saturday fanned the smouldering bush-fires into flames, which spread with great Tapidity, at the rate of a mile a minut:, and travelled 60 miles across coun try, -with a width of 20 miles. It is re ported that a selector named Curley -has been burned to death while attempting to save his homestead. Fires also took place at Bankstown, Drysdale, Grenfell, Orange, and several other districts, but in these places the damage was confined principally to gras? and fan-edng. - . - 