DISASTROUS FIKE IN VICTORIA. 1 In M el two ruc ou Saturday morning up ta ist ia the »nu aud IOU- in the shade were registered, iu the country the heat was registered up to l0.r iu the shade at Stratford. 107' at Echuca, and 110' at Sale, and the dustatorms were described as terriffic. In the district of Benalla the bnsh fires wert even more disastrous than those which devasta j ted the district a year ago. From early moro mg the heat was intense. The thermometer al 11 a.m. stood at 100' in the shade, while a north west wind blew with hnrricaue force. Tut whole district was enveloped in a cloud of dust, aud it was ntterly impossible for auy living thing to face the fire. While the fire was still i mile outside the township the heat of the Hame: and »moke made the atmosphere nubearable The tales of devastation are appalling. Tile losi in fencing aloue is enormous, and it is pos sible to ride IU miles iu a straight hue withou a fence intervening. Culverts and gates havi been burnt iu every direction. Scores of settlers have been burnt out, invol Ving heavy losses of live stock, machinery, grail I arni general farm »tores The district of Kilmore waa the fcetie of dis j sa st rous bushfire*, which were fanned into re I newed life on Saturday by the strong northerly I wind, which, blowing at times at the rateo j from CO to 70 miles an hour, drove the finnie! : along through the country at an alarming rate j Hundreds ot workers fouud it almost im|iossibIi ' in many cases to make the slightest attempt ti ! cope with the fiery element. The fire at Gol deiivaiir, Moranding, which had swept semi ttioUsáuds of acres on the previous day, ob tallied renewed life, and crops, stacks, barns, and, outhouses Were swept away in a very littli time. Further eastward immense destruction was caused by the fire which broke out in th« Strathmole Estate. Over 4000 acres of Strata more have been swept bare of every vestige ol grass. The woolshed, sheepyard*, stables, &c.; were all burnt, but the homestead, fortunately, was saved. At Mr. William Taylor's Westfield Estate cn Friday the fire burnt part of his property, but Saturday's hurricane blew the flames through the grass and stubble in a sheet of Hame. Thc homestead, barns, and stables with farming im plements, were totally destroyed, as well as a considerable amount of stock, including some stud rums, und miles of fencing. Several other properties were also devastated. Very few of the farmers had their crops in sured, consequently they will be heavy losers. For many miles thousands of acres uowpreseut a pitiable sight, nothing but blackened and charred ground, ruins of stacks, buildings, and fences remaining lu the churches prayers were offered up for rain and for the unfortunate victims of the dis astrous fires. The damage amounts to many thousands of pounds! 