COURSE OF THE WANTABADGERY FIRE. The Wantabadgery fire, owing to the wind taking a turn to the north, the settlers along Cooba Creek, and Nutta Nutta suffered heavily. Over 50 miles of fencing was destroyed. 4000 or 5000 acres of standing crops were lost and several thousand sheep. Besides cattle, horses, farm implements, and household furniture. J. Beveridge, of Tenandra Park, is a heavy loser. About 8 o'clock on Saturday the fire reached W. Jenkin's property at Billabong Creek, travelling at a rate of 30 miles per hour. Mr. Jenkins also lost 500 acres of standing crop a number of bags of wheat, strippers, cleaners, sheep, a few horses, and cattle. From Mr. Jenkins's the fire reached Mr. J. J. Wood's, an adjoining selector's property, and destroyed a sulky, a dray, 50 bags of wheat, 120 acres crop, harness, and two valuable horses, and the house was barely saved. H. Pigram's wheat crop adjoining was destroyed, also a stripper and cleaner, and some fencing. A. Pigram suffered severe loss. His house, of four rooms, containing wearing apparel £6 10s in cash, these with four valuable horses, besides all the wheat crop were lost. His wife and children had a narrow escape by rushing into the Billabong Creek. A boundary rider named Larkins, employed at Nangus Station, was also burnt out. losing furniture and two horses. J. Williams, a selector on Nangus, was completely burned out. He lost 10 tons of hay and a new reaper and binder, a chaff-cutter, &c.;, and estimates his loss at over £500. Mr. A. Boyton's chaff-cutter and standing crops. . Mr. W. Boyton's house and furniture and 30 acres of crop were all lost. About 80 acres on Mr. T. Daley's selection also suffered. Mr. John Bourke, of Cooba Creek, suffered very severe loss-2000 acres of grass, much fencing, and 500 sheep. Mr. John Daley and Mr. J. Passlow, of Cooba Creek, lost everything. Mrs. Turnbull living on the Wagga-road, lost all her wheat besides the bulk of her other possessions. A young man named Smith had a narrow escape of being burned to death, owing to his horse knocking up whilst galloping before the fire. Seeing that the flumes were rapidly over taking him he sprang off the horse, and plunged into the Billabong Creek, and escaped with a scorching, his horse being roasted. The bush fire which broke out on Dangar and M'Donald brothers' Wantabadgery station proved to be the largest ever known in the south districts. Wantabadgery consists of 40,000 acres, and every bit was destroyed, with the exception of a corner of 1,500 acres opposite Mr. David Wier's Wandool property. The station man- agement has a difficult problem to face of fin- ding fresh pastures for 60,000 sheep. Thousands of sheep were destroyed in the flames, and a large number of those shifted were badly singed. A big percentage of death is expected. George Seymour, W. Ledwell, and M'Glede Brothers, who have farms leased from. the station, were all completely burnt. The following are amongst the smaller losses; J. F Quilter, Burnt Creek Station. 2200 acres of grass, hundreds of sheep, and 14 miles of fencing. Angus M'Kinnon, 2000 acres of Flowerdale property, and a large number of sheep. In one place Mr. M'Kinnon found the charred re- mains of 200 sheep. C. J. M'Carthy, Springfield, lost all his grass and fencing, and nearly lost his home the family had to flee to a hill near, which had been burned a few weeks before, Mr. M'Carthy who bad been seriously ill, was completely pros- trated by his efforts to get away from the flames. Thomas Brabin, of Eurongilly, suffered £200 damage and David Weir £300. Alexander M'Donald, of Glencoe, lost three stacks of hay, 50 acres of standing crop, and a lot of grass. J. J. Sullivan, who has just purchased Keogh's property, was burnt clean out, as was Mrs. Turnbull, also Eurongilly. Digram Brothers lost all their grass and dwelling James Kelly lost waggon and 40 bags of wheat besides standing crops. Mrs. Edwards, of Cooba, lost a crop, some grass, a house, and an orchard. Mrs. Collins, of Cooba, lost her dwelling, and all her grass. John Bourke lost a woolshed and outhouses. George Passlow, of Cooba, lost 200 fat weth- ers. At Cootamundra owing to the terrific wind on Saturday the smouldering bush fires were fanned into furious blasts, which were spread by dry grass, the bark from trees, and even fences. On Saturday it spread at the rate of a mile a minute, and widened out 20 miles. Bourke's woolshed, the village Public school, a hayshed, and a couple of huts were destroyed. Also two waggons loaded with wheat. People had to flee for their lives. Austin Pigram was missed for some time. It was thought he had perished, but he was found in an exhausted state in the bed of the creek.. The losses so far are : - T. Wood, selector's house. J. Passlow, crop, waggon, and machinery. T. Passlow, crop. J. Daley, house and furniture. J. Kelly, crop and 50 bags of wheat, and a waggon standing on the road ready for carrying to the railway. News has reached town that a selector named Curley was burnt to death with his homestead. In the suburbs of Cootamundra a selecter named Grinrod was the chief loser. His shed, and harness, sulky, house, and stack were saved by great exertions. A verandah post was burnt, and the fire reached within 4ft. of the stack. At Bourke a heat wave has prevailed during several days. On Saturday the thermometer registered 111, on Sunday 113½. Monday 114-. At Trangie on Monday intense heat prevailed, the thermometer registering 100 to 110 daily. No rain has fallen for nine weeks. At Bathurst on Saturday the thermometer registered 100 degrees in the shade for the last two days. At Bombala on Saturday the record heat for the summer was 97 in the shade. At Broken Hill on Saturday a boisterous gale with clouds of dust, blew all through the day. The highest temperature was 101. At Coolamon on Saturday, the day was the hottest of the season, the temperature being up to 112 with high hot winds like blasts from a furnace, and terrific clouds of dust. At Corowa on Thursday the thermometer reached 100. 8 degrees, on Friday it went to 108 and Saturday 106. At Gilgandra the temperature for the past 10 days was from 102- to 113. At Grenfell on Saturday, it was the heaviest dust storm ever experienced. At Araluen on Saturday, was the hottest day of the season being 109 with Westerly wind and smoke from bush fires. At Gundagai on Saturday the thermometer was registering over 106 in the shade. At Harden on Saturday, the heat was 107 degrees in the shade. At Junee on Saturday, the thermometer reached 106 At Moss Vale on Saturday, the thermometer reached 106 with a heavy dust storm. At Mudgee on Saturday, the temperature in the shade was 107 At Penrith on Saturday, the thermometer ranged up to 107- and at 7.30 p.m. it stood 96. At Tumut on Saturday, with hot winds the glass registered 105 in the shade. 