TELEGRAMS. SYDNEY, Tuesday. [The following appeared in our country edition on Tues day.l More disatsrous busli fires are re ported from the country, further homesteads being burnt out. Reports from Gundagai come to hand of a bushfire raging from east to west and 25 miles wide. The damage is esti mated at £100,000. Wantabadgery station which consists of 40,000 aurc? is all destroyed, except 1500 acres, and thousands of sheep have been de stroyed by the flames. A conference of 6I10 Commandants yesterday determined upon tho basis of action in regard to the Federal con tingent. It will consist of nine com panies of 121 each — Sydney and Vic toria contributing three each ; Queens land and Adelaide one each; West Australia and Tasmania a half each. The contingent will be despatched about the end of January. Referring to the ships' stores ques tion, Mr Barton states that if the Privy Council upsets the law it was quite, likelv that thp. Amnripjin W ivmilil 1-in followed, and foreign shipping pro hibited from coastal trade altogether. There is a general feeling, he adds, that foreigners have cut into our coastal trade too deeply, and there would be no difficulty in passing such an act. Following is the latest betting on TattersaU's Cup : — 7 to 2 Khaki, i to 1 Blue Metal, 0 to 1 Lucknow, 7 to 1 Naphro, 8 to 1 Horace. LONDON, Monday. ? Two Boers have been executed at MafeUing on a charge of murdering the natives. The pro-Boer women of Vienna adopted an appeal to the women of England by which the British troops arc accused of dishonouring Boer women iu the concentration camps. A 'Christmas Letter,' signed bv 43,C15 Swiss women, addressed to the women of Great Britain and Ireland. I11 this document the .signatories protest against ' the extermination of the Boer women and children in tha concentration camp^.1'' ThQjjMprninJr ^s^'-^SmSSeflJfihgf^Spon -v tKis^iextra^ ordinary appeal, suggests that a suit able reply should be sent, setting forth the real facts with regard to the camps, and the excellent manner in which they are conducted. .Newspapers generally agree that De Wet'sbrilliantprogress at Tweefontein recalled the late General Joubert's tactics at Mijuba. The ' Standard ' suspects there was grave lack of vigilance at Tweefontein. The 'Times' makes similar remarks. The prisoners taken by Boers on Christmas eve arrived safely at Bethlehem having been released by De Wet. The British column at Tweefontein comprised the 34th. 35th, 3Gth and 53rd companies of Imperial Yeomanry, with one cun of the 79th Batterv of Royal Field Artillery and one pom pom. The 'Standard' states that Lord Rosebery has declined an invitation by Sir Campbell Banncrinau to join him in the leadership of the united Liberal party. Sir Campbell Banner man intends to challenge the Literal Imperialists as to whether they will support him 'in the House of Com mons. Two hundred persons have been drowned by a watersprout bursting, followed by a flood at Saffi, on the west coast of Morocco. Great damage has been done to property. The head of a French gang of smugglers who was arrested at Ponta lier, has been sentenced to two years and flncd £2,000. Tho death is announced of Sir Joseph Noel Paton, the eminent Scottish painter. 