News, Notes, and Comments. The crops in' the Windsor district have failed. The potato crop, on;which'tiie 'farmers have relied, ? has proved a total failure. Farmers are now- plough ing, and intend to bow for a late crop of maize. The ? lucerne -looks- very poor, as there has. hot been . enough raia to give it a good start. This is the worst ? year the farmers have experienced' for a long time. The stock inspector of Hay estimates the wool clip in the district at 8,465,6251b. from grown shfeep, ? -being an aveiage of Sib. 2oz., and 880,0001b. from iambs, an average of '21b. per- head. The number shorn was 1,050,000 grown sheep; and 440,000 lambs. ?During the last quarter of 1901 583, '900 sheep left' the 'district ;? 75,000 of these were fats sent to market. The balance Weite in search of pastures. ' At the recent Birmingham fat show, the second largest in Great Britain, Lord Strathmore's Aber ' deen Angus heifer, Bruuhilde, won the thiee 100 gtunea cVips, the Champion Cup of £50, the breed .prize of £50 for the best Scot, and the class prize of £15— ah aggre jate in money and trophies of £455. The Board of Agriculture has issued the preliminary statement as to the produce of wheat, barley, and ? * oats in Great Britain in 1901; The estimated yield per acre of wheat is 30*84 bushels, as compared with ' 29-93, the average of 10 years ; barley, 30-98. as compared with the average of 33*13 ; and oats, 36*74, ' \- as compared with the average of '38*47. In 1900 'the estimated yield of wheat was 28*53 ; barley, 31*31 ; ; ' ahdoats, 37*95 bushels. j The London ' Daily Express ' states that from I ' cables ° received from New York the smallpox in pigs ' - epidemic is spreading -with renewed energy, and is creating alarm in New York, Chicago, Boston, and in Montreal. In those towns vaccinatore are kept busy as during last winter. Large numbers of pigs have been seiztid in Buffalo, und Chicago by the health authorities, who declare them to be suffer- ' ing from a disease similar to smallpox. in man. . Referring to the over-storage of frozen meat in London the C.C. and D. Co'b. Norember report ; — -« The offer recently of a number of stale . ' carcaees of New Zealand lamb which arrived here in April and May last has once more shown that the . policy , of holding meat in stores, in anticipation of a ~ better market, is a mistaken one.^In the present case, however,^ the results are more disastrous than usual, . , for lambs' that on arrival six months ago would have sold at 6d to 5Jd per lb. are now, with half a year's storage {charges incurred, making about 3}d j»ey lb, for the beBt and soundest. A considerable proportion has been condemned by the market Authoritieft Vhilst of more consequence still is the mjschief 'done to the trade by a number of stale, ' ' ' ' 1 ? tiSBtemyi going ^uito fionsiimp -laige quantities^ jBni:-airriving -daily ^at Wariwdaiand the^|^cki^ vt^c«n^gdation at the( . railway dtatiota is- ^severely tax^-'. JEkih is ..wanted. . . badly lii fiie district, but 'stoclri6{rall elates are still in good condition. . ' . The settlers in ithe Cbolamon and Gainmain dis-; tricts are now bnsily engaged in repairing the ' damages causedibyJthe late-bush fires and hurricane. . Many sufferers 'are in a sad plight and Will require a helping hand to give thflBa afresh start. The crops have also suffered severely from the rabbits. In the Narrabri district owners near Millie and Thalaba have been compelled to remove their stock Jo. Inverell . and Armidale districts on account of the drought. The Thalaba settlers have been-informed by the liantt^ Department that as the bore has been leased they must make arrangements with the lessee for a supply of water for stocks ; It has been found necessary to., shear th® lambs in the Queanbeyan district . this, season, owing to the manner in which they are suffering from 'grass seeds/ _ . many of the Iambs being almost blinded. , We have had - to - chronicle in a recent issue of the ' Sydney Mail' the .death of Mr. Solomon . Wiseman, of Cliffdale, near Wingen. Since then two other members of the family, brothers of the lately deceased, have succumbed. They are .Mr. John Wiseman, who died at Sydney, and Mr.' Richard Wiseman, of Clerkness, Bundurra. Harvesting in the Cootamundra district is nearly . completed. There are^ood. results all-round, quite up to expectation's. Someofthe yields are large. - One grower 'offered 10, 00(3 bagsT ' Since the rain agricultural matters at Lismore have brightened. There has been recently & good; demand for small properties.. Last 4week ; a 'farm known as Jesswoofgen, near Astonville, was sold at £12 10s per acre. - During the month of December there was shipped from Melbourne for export , to South Africa, under Government inspection, 21,^9 bags of feed Algeriah oats, 44,271 bales of oaten hay, 500 cases qiiions, 597 Wles chaff, 227 bags potatoes, and 375 bags seed oats. ? The breaking out of springs which, says the' ' Western Post ' (Mudgee), is held by many to be tin infallible ' indication of plenty of rain, received some confirmation last week at Spring Flat, where a spring, which was just perceptible the day before, resulted the next morning uifo a fairly strong flow of water which spread over the adjacent land for a considerable distance: Reports from the Lower Darling .River state that the pastoralists are again experiencing a bad time, and preparations are being made to commence scrub - cutting. The'counfiy is in a deplorable state back from the river. The heavy rain at Coraki last week, which re sulted in the fall of about an inch, will do much good, and relieve the burnt-up pasture and the very late corn, but the early aiid middle crops are wholly ruined. A devastating pest has made its appearance in the potato crop at Hamilton, Victoria. It is a small whitish flf, which settles on the potato stems in countless numbers. The leaves of the plant after wards present a whitish appearance, as though badly frost-bitten. The conference of Ministers of Agriculture from the various States is fixed for Jabuary 30 at' Hobart. It was convened at the instance of the Victorian Premier to deal with the boiius system, the London depot for exported products, the shipping of perish able proaucts, uniform fruit cases, . branding, grain in bulk, - stock-branding regulations, and .butter brands. : . The corn trade section of the Adelaide Chamber of Commerce has fixed the standard sample of wheat at G21b. per bushel, the same a5 la3t year. Much of the grain is pinched owing to red rust: The standard has not been lower for several years. ' The South Australian Commissioner for Public Works returned from a trip to the north last week. He went as far as Hawkes aiid says that.the harvest outside of Goyder's line of rainfall will be bitterly . disappointing. The return at best will be exceed ingly low and the wheat shrivelled. A good milling sainple will be an exception, and. tens of thousands of acres will not return more than seed. In 8ome districts seed is exceedingly scarce. Notwith standing all this, people are talking of .undertaking seeding operations to the utmost extent of their _ strength. * The old trouble of the scarcity of .trucks available at Coolamon is again being experienced. This will . cause a complete block in , the loading.of wheat, which is now being stacked ^onthe ground all along ' the sidings and loamhg stages.' ' ; ' ' ' ' Harvesting operations have been almost concluded . in th£ Molong. district. The yield . on thfegw^ral average is above expectations, rangirig frqm'5 to 40 bushels per acre. In . several selected crops as . high as 45 bushels have been harvested. ' ; Mr. George Geoffreys lecturer and instructor in wool for the South Australian School of Mines ' and % Industries called at this office 'on his way to Brisbane^ . He is in an official visit to different States_ih the Commonwealth with a view of acquiring all the ; information possible which Will assist him in carrying out his work at the institution.' On his return from ~ Brisbane we will publish his views on : the wool : industry of those States he has visited. The Victorian Minister for Agriculture has informed the Melbourne Chamber of Commerce that steps were being taken to prevent a recurrence 'of com'--; plaints as to the inferior quality of h&y; shipped to South Africa, and a communication was ordered to be forwarded to the Capetown Chamber of Commerce. ' Another large wheat shed, making the fourth, is being erected at Wahgunyah. Although merchants are freely offering 2s 6id to 2s 8d on 'trucks, no business is being done, holders preferring to store in expectation of a rise. Up to the present ho use has . be^ najide. of 4$e-i?&w;*y .-T^fariners r find ift^-fche Victorian bjiycrs are;able r Sy^^'^erchahfe. ib6y ttereforeput thm;graih in: ^riviae|ifetes. - , - ^ . A fire todk . place ^t Mr. William Dinunore's [ farm5' ft 'JJuiah Creek,', Ti^r,.'' Niirjabri,;on ' instatit. A haystack aind &0 tbns of hay were des-; troyed. - Owriers of stock in the Narrabridistrict are remov ing^ tbem to other districts. Bushfiress,' dust-sto^ns, and continued great heat, are deluding the pastures of every .vestige of fodder. ? v.. . ' ; Mr. J. H. Riall, of Coppabella station, in the 'Wagga ; district, desires to contradicts statement; which appeared in the press to the effect that he lost 1300 sheep as the result of a bushfire. He had no fire of any kind, nor has he. lost either grass -or sheep. / . 1 ? . Speaking at Mackay, the Queensland Premier in referring to the federal scheme for conducting-the: sugar industry, said that'the hoped that the fullest trial would be., given Mr. Barton's, experiment, ^and'thjit it ^glit prove_ successful. ^.If the rCTeree Shpuld.Jb-e^the^ case, however, he.trusted that the.,Federai Govern-, ihent would be as honest -as Sir Samuel Griffith _ was when the efforts he made to abolisb kanakas proved abortive, and; he made : a change of .policy. ' Mr. . Philp.. . regretted that Mr. -Reid.ahd Mr. Barton had not been with them during the recent trip through ' tho northern sugar districts, as the journey would probably have opened their eyes. ?* Abushfire last week on Mr. J. M. Atkinson's Conomodine . estate, near. Cargo, burnt a large area of grass - and numerous buildings. The orchard was also destroyed. The fire was stopped only withiii a short-distance of the house. . ; A special meeting of . the Farmers, and Settlers' Association was held at Trangie on. .the-lOth instant for the purpose of appointing a . delegate from this branch. Mr. ,P. Barry . (president) . was. elected; The candidates . chosen by. delegates will repeive the support of.all the branches in the Dubbo district. ' . On the_13th instant delegates from aU the Farmers ; and Settlers' Associations : in - the .stock district of . Dubbo.met for: . the .purpose of nominating . three candidates for the forthcoming stock board elections. Harvesting, operations, in the. Queanbeyan. district are now completed. The grain throughout, is pinched. This means a heavy loss to the farmers. .The wheat that is coming into Dubbo from the . country districts is reported to be in quality .far . above last year's product. Notwithstanding the dry seasons and damage done by rabbits the quantity is expected to be a record for the district. . Since. the beginning of the wool season 19,617 bales of wool have been despatched from the Dubbo railway station. Last year the following stock were sold through the Goulburn municipal yards : — Fat cattle, 2977 ; store cattle, 30,653 ; sheep, 178,016 ; horses, 1333 J pigs, 6819. The fees amounted to -£759. The Lieutenant-Governor for Queensland . has received a cable from Lord Milner asking what price might be expected to secure young breeding, cattle of medium . quality delivered in batches for shipment -at the coast ports' in Queens^ . land during the . ensuing year. It is prob able the number required would be about 10,000. The Agricultural Department, to whom the matter . has been submitted, state that young heifers, of . medium quality can be procured at the northern ports at from £3 to £3 10s per head, and at the. southern ports at from £4- A reply has been sent accordingly. The chief inspector of stock has no doubt, the -order can be met. The only difficulty is that no statement . is made as to whether tick immune cattle are re quired. . : A deputation from the Queensland Council of Agriculture waited on Dr. Maxwell on the 9th instant' to discuss; with him views as -to ; the . practical operation' of' the rebate and tariff ' p'roposals in connection' with the ' sugar ' in dustry. It. was pointed out that the primary object of legislation was to benefit the white labourer, and the master, the grower, or the millowner, was not being considered in the matter at all. The deputa tion decided to send a letter to Mr. Barton asking /for an increase in the protective duty, so that there ' would be a chance of the grower deriving some benefit from the legislation. ! ; During a recent official visit to Trangie and the surrounding districts Mr. B. G. Dulhunty, J.P., district inspector of stock, paid a visit of inspection to the Wonbobbie bofe, which Messrs.' Bolger Brothers have-6unk about a mile and a half from the homestead on a sand ridge. A splendid supply of . wa;ter has been obtained. A standpipe about *8ft. high rises from the top of the bore, and the water rises about a foot above that. The daily flow is : 800,000 gallons. When the bore was being put down, water ~was struck at 500ft., but the bore was further sunk to 950ft., when the present supply was] struck. Mr. Dulhunty found green, grass 18 inches high, arid ' the stock were in splendid condition. ' ' ; The bonuses payable to the Tweed sugar-cane growers by the C.S.R. Company were paid last week, being 5d a ton to growers along the Murwillumbah failway line, Is to growers on the fiats/ aud Is 2d to \- growers on the ridges. In response to an offer from Dubbo'offering to open subscription hsts in aid of the sufferers by the bush ' fires in the Gundagai district, the Mayor of Gunda- . gai,' in returning thauks for the offer, intimated that if the settlers could get the interest on their land deferred for two years they would be able to pull through. The Mayor intends to interview the Gov ernment on the proposal. - As a result of the late rain the country' around Coraki has greatly improved, and farmers are now busily engaged in planting maize. Wheat supplies are. coming forward freely in Corowa. The storage sheds on the railway have 8000 bags. No trucks are available. The local market is firm at 2s 7id, with an upward tendency.. The settlers at Gil Gil Creek, near Moree, complain against Gil Gil and Wallow artesian bores being leased privately, as the water in the creek is unfit 'for stock. If the bore water Were allowed to run the creek would be of incalculalle benefit to the settlers, ... Extensive bush fires were raging last week on the West Coast of New Zealand. A very valuable silver pine forest is in danger. Two large saw mills on Grey Valley have also been endangered, but a large number of sawmill hands have been able to beat - back the fiames. At the invitation of the Central Board of Health, the Mayor and aldermen of the Sydney City 'Council, accompanied by the Town Clerk,, paid a visit to the ? Glebe island abattoirs 6n: the l0th instant in ahtici- ' pation of evidence which is to be given at the coming ' '? Committee., . The ' premises wer®; seen underyeiy favourable conditionB. \- -Mee srs' Gordonand Gotch have' . sen t. us a copy of . ' Wragge's A,ustralasian Al^nac for-1902, * and . Wither . Guide ^for' L.^nd , and Sea,'' being the . ,i '$£ . * iiinw.' . . ' Mr. Wragge 'has been able, to place. ''before his readers a vast amount of useful and interesting information,' dot, the least of which is on meteoro logy, astronomy, and nautical subjects. Agriculture in all its branches, medicine, the tariff, and the table . are all treated in a concise , but useful manner. Amongst the most interesting reading is ' Per Mare, Per Terras ; or Sketches and Bits from the Life of a Weather prophe.t.' The hook contains 332. pages of reading matter and the compilation and general get up reflect great credit 'on the publishers, 'Messrs. Sapsford and Co., Brisbane. ? - ' Information has been received by the Queensland Government that the large shipment of cattle recently sent t6 South Africa has. been made with a loss of only 23 .head, including several which died of pneumonia soon after the steamer Kadina left Bowen. At Bbwan Park, in the.Molong district/ cattle are going blind, some of them being in a tetrible state. No cause has been as yet assigned for it. ' The wheat that is coming into Dubbo from the cojintry districts is reported to be in quality far a^ove last year's product. Notwithstanding the : diy seasons and damage done by rabbits, the quantity is expected to be a record for the district. Since the \- beginning of the wool season 19,617 bales ' of wool have been despatched from the Dubbo railway station. ? ? 