THE DROUGHT. The sufferings of the farmers and stock- 1 owners in Victoria from the drought are | bad enough, bub they are nothing com- I pared with what settlers in New South | Wales are undergoing. Here is a picture, I not overdrawn, of the western and north- em parts of that State : — I "After a series of dry seasons, in which the subsoil hardened to rock and the creeks dried up as never before in the memory of living men, the just past 12 mnnf.hn followed without on ft snaking rain. In many places three following crops have failed, and it is now im possible- to plant a fourth. Last summer paddocks that had been carefully saved as a standby had all the long dry grass burnt by bush-fires. The ground is. as black now after seven months as though the fire | was of yesterday. Hay, straw and lucerne I stacks, saved by the thrifty for a possible I dry time, have gone long ago. For I months past the railways have been at their wits' end to find trucks for the pro-- 1 duce that is being rushed from town to I country. All this time stock is dying; I and when water is to be had death is slow. The hair becomes hard and rough ; a range of sharp hills rises along the back ; while gullies and ridges form down the flanks, and there are two empty craters over the hips. Day after day the body contracts, till, a living mummy, it is but a few inches thick, the head ap- pcaiuig Tr ntv vuu vrx au uiuii, - JUUC.I beast makes no moan or -groan, butl stands about moveless, hours at a time. I It is well not to look at their eyes, fori there is a look there at; times that will I haunt you. The hides of starved stock I are very light, and the tanners give little I for them. The poor owners were the lucky men, as their ; stock - died nine I months ago ; the /more well-to-do have been using.the last shilling of money -and credit only to reach the same end.after long-drawn agony. They started hand- feeding with.lighc hearts — ' Tnere must be rain soon I', but,, one by one, as time has passed . and - the price of feed risen, they have thrown up- the game like . bluffed card players. Probably two thirds of our stock is dead, this; in many cases; after more than' their value has been spent in feed. ; Only a few more dry weeks, a little further rise in fodder, and N.S.W., away from the coast-line, will be a desolation without hoof or horn -/-a desert with only empty .buildings to mark 'where homesteads stood. ; The average bushie in ordinarily :bad years is kept going by the storekeeper, who is backed by the merchant, who is backed by the bank. Of late this process has gone far past the limit of safety ; and, finally, the word has. passed round, falling like the .first earth on the coffin of Hope — 'No more credit!' 'You refuse me food for my starving family ; you ask me for cash when, you know I have not had a bean for a twelvemonth V What shall I do 1 " That Is the question, of thousands of cookies this day. As for the store keepers, they are grey and haggard ; unose wiun tae nearus 01 iiieu iuusu auou be tramping Sydney streets. After all else are dead, the . absorbing effort is to keep the working horses alive— the last shilling, the last bite of feed is saved for them ; carting taken at unheard of prices if only they can be kept alive. The bush is ranged for a chahce wallaby to fill the pot ; yet they are s® scarce, so weak and thin when shot as to be hardly worth carriage. Though the farm is idle, there is plenty to do ; five, six, and ten miles the dray and tank have to go daily for water, join the . file of waiting carts, and take turn , at the pump, ihe old bush and orchard trees are dead, only saplings and late-planted have life, and they arej wilting. The edible scrub is gone, and the bare ground littered with the trees cut down long ago to tempt stock to eat them. Box trees are ring-barked by horses as high as their teeth would reach. Such is the state of the country 40 niiles from Sydney— a state described by travel lers as simply luxuriant compared with ' Waybaek' and ' Furtherback.' " 