a. 1 1 t 1 r - " iwi "Mixifcaasawisifc Tailings. , " | The Town Council is calling Tor appliet- tions for a dravriiah. , Building sites in Heffiirnari -street, Day Dawn, are advertised to let on lease. . -?hP1 The Royal Mail Hotel, Tnclcanan'a/ is advertised to let on a Ihreeyeafs'. lease. Tenders are invited for the lease of land ib Day-Dawn, adjoining municipal bpaldirigs. " - First-class Constable ' Campbell j Who iaS been relieving at Mt. Gopld, has been placed "J V- in charge at Day Dawn. f>4 The rainfall at Cue last yeir wis 4/fii "Jy inches, sriid at Day Dawn 4'54 Inches.' Mrs Moloney, wife of the MayOr of Cue, and Mrs Healey left oh Monday's train ek route fox Sydney The Cue Salvation Army Rand made its S % appearance the other night with "a, LasSie pounding at the big drain. : At .the 'Police Court on Thursday, Pettx ."7 Pontama was fined r for disordely conduct, and Jas. Hyland 5s or 24 lioters -for " bring. ' druiik. -X i- i Grass is springing up thick, owing to the : recent rains, and affords a pleasant relief lb the eye after the scbrched-up appeararice df thecountry. VisS -Perth' Supreme Gbqrt has granted authority to deal With; the estate of Alexander Thomas - ? Lcithead, late of Day Daws, to Margaret Leithead, 200. .- Standard or Sovereign gold has 'a fineness ' of capt, and fejrorth'J-jji'ioji per ox; pure gold, or .24 xarat, is worth £4 q!s !l'5-mh;perice jferbz, '. The Chinese crew of the Danish 'steamer « Bintang were prevented from landing at Fre. mantle on their first essay. A day or twb ... " afterwards they were permitted. - -At the "Che Hospital during the trionth of January there were 13 patients admitted tb " the institution ; discharged, 15 ; deaths, 2;;- - remaining in on February 1st, 8. - - ' ' The idea of 'inviting Governor Lawley tb . witness the auturah meeting, of the Murchison ' : Goldfields' Racing Clkb on Easter Monday : at Cue is ineeting with much Tavour. The Victorian Mines Department has out /Z- ? 3230 miles of back for the purpose of opening . Z" up auriferous country mid affording facilities "i7- for prospecting piirpbses at a coSt 0/62,773. : " Another injustice to Ireland I An Italian - . ' who was charged at the Police ConrtonMon- 7; day -with careless driving in . Austin. Street -' was addressed by the Bench as Molohey— perhaps Macaroni was meant. Several of tbe Chinese-Imperial Seals looteli ' By the Russians from PekiDg -have been sold - by auction in London, despite the fact that questions have recently been asked in Podia- ment in regard to the matter of loot. Another wealthy South Australian haS -. y joined the great majority, The estate of thfe late Mr Jno. Riddoch, grazier, tif Yallmli : ? Park, P.enola, has been sworn stt "241,800 and a personal estate "in Victoria valued at ' 6,15. . - . A drunk appeared at the Cue1 Police Courjt .. .! 6ri Tuesday, and when asked how he pleaded .7 replied, "I was a bit out of the way." lie finally admitted that he had been driiiik, and . N"; as this was Ins .first appearance he was dis- charged with a caution. T" :: The office-boy must have been at work,"" :7 Three newspapers came to the'local'post-office' " on Saturday night from the same office, the first being addressed to the Manager, the - second to the Underground Manager, and the -- third to the " Underground Manager of the " v Cyanide Plant ! " - . After March 3 1 the Postal Department will . "not carry letters addressed to Tattereail," of . Hobar I. The "Government have been unable - to withstand the repeated representations of the various deputation's, and rill put 'ih. force the power to snppress " Tattersall's - sweeps under the provisions of the Postal Act.. The Government Gazette notifia the cab-- VH31 celling of reserves 2691 and 2692 (Day Rawfr 7 V town lots 82 and 83 respectively), and throw- --" - Ing open these lots for saTe at the upset price ' "' of 50 each, and also throwing open lots" " v and 143 as residential leases. Also that the - vi - "surrender of 1278 Murchison -(Cue) has be«i accepted. - . y- - Mr S, A Jacobs, Cile, has bfedn appointed,' . - ro under the Electoral Act, to take the "vote of J any elector Whose qualification is hot resr- 7" dential only, -and who resides more than 30 miles from the nearest polling place for whicfi iA .i he desires to vote, or who, after the issue of £ the writ, and before thfe day fixed far any-'—-, \v7 election, is within any other province or di 'TA . ; Irict. ' The profit made by the Murcliisoii Racing A .. Club for the year 1901 was 2gr 5s ird, anS- .'' ' V was the most successful -meeting held during : the /last three years. In 1900 there was a .7V i- surplus of receipts over, expenditure of £2$ ' 17s id, and in the previous year "it wWs 242 T4S 3d. The credit balance now sthnds at £S23 6s 6d— a highly satisfactory financial :- ; .position, ' . _7 Bush-fires havfe done extensive damage IS .77 the Lancefield district, Victoria. ThouSmds ; of adres of grass have been burned, feaystades ;;.: ; consumed, afid miles of fencing desboyed" Homesteads have been, burned at Baliadt 77. 7 where a settler lost 200 tons of griun, besides'® threshing machinery. At Repdy Creek -burning tree fell on a man named Kennedy-' - : and killed him. " . :- Aji original society has been formed at 7t;;" Chicago, called the '' Four Hoars' SleepivSS Club." All its members are solemnly pledgedS to sleep only that length df time Out jof 24: hours, and to bring their children rup |to- 7A the same habit. The fotmders of- the dub '' : ,= believe tbat all who oversleep thisj- limit of time indulge in a habit as pernicious as drug- ' taking or drinking. . Robinson, the desperado, who was shot " = through fhe'legandcaptured-byP.c. Stowfe? at Abbots, made a desperate attempt to ' escape by jumping overboard at Carnarvon., while en route under remand t6 Ashburtos, He was, however, recaptured; Along list of " indictments, from .shooting with 'intent and '" robbery under arm's to escaping from 'legd custody, will be preferred against hirh- The growing scarcity of rtibber again forward the probable Value of Near GMnea: mi 4| a source, whence exhaust may be supplied! 7 JpM': The subject has .'received .-the dttentiou of. Governor Le Hunt'e, and in his last report life says :—" The rubber "industry Js at present l languishing, probably because the accessiblfe 777; country near the coast is ..worked out. But. 'AH 7 there is an enormous area of good- riibb" .Acl country waiting to be worked fa a staektififeS'i and rational way ; until and unless It 15 5671 treated, it had better be lqft alone, and it infinitely preferable to see a diminished. port than an apparenfly fidtfristiihg Xik $S$? being carrrfed on at the expense of its chpid 7S£: Sources and ultitnate ruin." , ' r- , " :v ln the Western Anstr jLjiui ;ectioh recfent Glasgow Exhibition Jfhwe was a piece of work which .fio dohbt ir4flecte& \- A .great -Credit Oh the 'maker, bht ht 'fae sainfe " "7- -;r time gulled the phblic to %o Sihafl dkteift, c'5 This was what tvas labelled hs h .prdscfoif's-" bicycle,, -and was ffiade fentirOly lof'lvpofi— inrtieels i»ith fioobfton ih tyres, frame, handle bats, aria finished articlfe likd Jrofa appearance, wbQfe pel it iniist have bceh ehormons. evidently ; took themattta- the remarks pXsse3 thgynan'lw ihic of locomotion as Hie mffifilisne over the' cdhrifiy. . The ttAVer prospector who use- anyon? stqijdy tim.misangramne ? "ScBr Sheetnagsarid 