THE BUSH FIRES. DAMAGE AT ELLENBANK. GREAT LOSS AT NEERIM NORTH. Grave fears were entertained in Warragul on Saturday last as to how the district would be effected with the threatening state of affairs, as the in tense heat and the " smoky" appear rance of the surrounding country for bode a serious outlook for our neigh bors. Fortunately no outbreaks oc curred in the immediate vicinity of Warragul. The heavy rain which fell on Tuesday came as a great relief, for it allayed all anxiety, and the down pour was welcomed in every direction. The heat on Saturday at Ellenbank was iptense, and about mid-day, to add further discomfort to many, a bush-fire (originating at Mr. Smith's saw-mill) started. Fanned by the fierce wind, the fire travelled through the properties of Messrs. J., W. and A. Cropley and Kingston, causing con siderable damage to grass and fencing. At Neerim North the residents fared badly, as bush fires raged-on Saturday. We learn from our correspondents that five homesteads and hundreds of acres of grass and fencing were totally destroyed. The residence of Messrs. Purdy, Connell, Crawford, Land and Miss Wilson were reduced to the ground, all the furniture and dairy utensils being lost. Mr. Purdy only took charge of Mr. Croft's farm on the 13th December, and had just brought the family from Werribee. He was making preparations for dairying. Only five burnt cheeses and about 40 lb. of flour was rescued from his place. He has a family of five children. His loss is estimated at £120. Miss Wil son, besides her house, lost grass, orchard and fencing, the whole valued at about £500, A couple of visitors named Wilson and Hanah had all their luggage burnt. Mr. Burr had a narrow escape whilst attempting to rescue furniture, his hair and mous tache were scorched. Mr. Griffiths had 320 acres of grass burnt and also outhouses. Luckily he had removed his season's clip of wool to the railway station last Thursday, and this saved him from a heavy loss. All his wearing apparel and household effects were destroyed. Mr. and Miss Con nell's handsome house of seven rooms, together with all outhouses, the or chards, furniture, dairying utensils and wearing apparel were totally des troyed. The loss is estimated at '£500. The property was insured, but the policy will.not cover the loss. Mr. Chas. Connell had a very narrow escape. Both Miss and Mr. Con nells's sight was impaired by the heat. Mr: Francis Beamish had a largequan tity of grass and fencing burnt. He estimates his loss at £400. The wind fortunately changed, otherwise his valuable property would have been totally destroyed, Mr. Jas. Sargeant, contractor, who was clearing timber for.-Mr. Beamish, had his camp and utensils burnt, and a lad named Maw son lost his clothing. Mr. Crawforth had his house, sheds, barns and all outside buildings demolished. The family had to sleep under-a few sheets of iron on Saturday night. .Nothing was saved except a piano. Savin's property was saved, bar the grass, fencing, palings and crop, valued at abut £100. Mr. Lang lost his four roomed house and the outhouses, fences grass and orchard were also totally destroyed. Mr. Hopkens, butcher, and Mr. Armstrong, storekeeper, nrrrowly escaped the loss of their properties. But for the willing help of several persons both these places would have been totally destroyed. Mr. Laidlaw's barn, as well as grass and fences, were completely, destroyed. Mr. Andrew Wilson nearly lost a newly built dwel ling; he suffered heavy damage in grass and fencing. The fire continued burning on Sunday. 