Destructive Bush Fires. 1 The remarkable haze and trying heat which en veloped Sydney on the 28th ultimo were suggestive of the sufferings which many settlers in the country have been passing through. In and around the metropolis the presence of the smoke and the scorching atmo sphere were perhaps inconvenient by their un pleasantness, but throughout 200 miles of coast country, where bush fires were raging, the visitation was calamitous to hundreds Of settlers. A flame swept coast, extending from almost the; margin of high-water mark back for many miles, and taking in its area tens of thousands of acres of crdp-bearing country, was painfully apparent by Sydneyfs experi ence on Saturday last. The fact of these extensive fires raging is perhaps consistent with the torrid state of the country in the west. ' We are in a drought year,' says Mr. Russell, ' and west of a line between Deniliquin and Bourke -the country is in a frightful state. Si ot only so, but with the exception of about the mountains (the foothills) the coastal districts are suffering from the continued dry weather. Then up north, about the Macquarie River countiy, the settlers are having a most tiying time. Stock are dying by hundreds almost daily. Our Parrainatta correspondent writes Bush fires have raged all around. Great damage was done to the orchards, and a large quantity of fencing jvas destroyed, while the fruit trees on the edge of the bushlaud were terribly scorched. A number of out houses were burned, but there are no reports of any homesteads being destroyed. From Castle Hill to Diiral tlie bush ures raged fiercely, and the residents dared not leave their homes for fear that in their absence flying sharks would ignite them. At Rook wood also there were some large fires in the scrub lands, and the fire brigade was called out to keep the flames in check in places where they threatened to , demolish homesteads. The grave fears entertained by pastoralists and farmers in the Wagga district regarding the outbreak of bush fires found ample justification on the morn ing of the 27th ultimo, when a fire started on Euno nyhareenyha station' at a point distant about 12 miles from Wagga. It was fully recog nised that the greatest difficulty would be experienced in coping with any outbreak which once assumed anything like Iargfc dimensions, owing to the very heavy growth of grass, particularly on the river flats. Despite the extreme vigilance exercised, however, several fires broke out in dif ferent localities in the district, most of which were fortunately subdued before any considerable damage was done. But the good fortune which attended the effor ts of the fire -beaters in the neighbourhood of Wagga seems to have deserted them iu the fire which took place on the 27th ultimo, for it proved to be one of the most disastrous which has occurred in the district for many years, and one which baffled all efforts to block it in its early stages. Grass, fences, and sheds were greedily devoured by the flames, ' and ' in some instances homesteads were only saved by superhuman efforts. It is diffi cult to form any estimate as yet of the stock lost. The fire started in what is known as the Big Wheel Paddock on Eunouyliareenyha, the wind at the time being from the N.W. The origin of the .fire is, -as usual, surrounded in mystery, and Mr. Mouritz, manager of Eurionyhareenyha, can offer no opinion on the matter. Whilst numbers were quickly arriv . ing on the scene of the outbreak Mr. Mouritz, ac companied by 30 or 40 men, was soon working at the fire, and desperate efforts were made to check it| but ' without ' avail: Fortunately all stock fiad befeii re- - ^oriais hfrokeTpufc, none worn. t lust on £utu»ij&fttsocylia.; Bv midm^ht&n; the '^7th the fire was out of the run, after having destroyed about 6000 acres of grass. Carried by the breeze, » Winch had 'veered round to the north, the fire spread on to Kurrajong and Oura stations, where it appears to have junctioned with- another fire burning down from Wantabadgery, in the Gundagai district. Oura station was the next property to suffer. This holding has an area of 25,000 acres, and at the time stated was running about 30,000 sheep of high-class. It is a fair estimate to say 3000 acres of crass weft? saved, but it 1b impossible to say how the sheep fared until a muster is made. Fanned by a north-west hurricane fiercer than has been experienced here for many years; miles and miles of country were soon laid waste, and on the 28th ultimo the flames leaped the Murrumbidgee River at Toland's Point in three separate places. Burning grass was carried over the . stream, and the flames started a mad race along both , banks. Oura, Eringoarah, Wantabadgeiy, and Tenandra Park on the north side, and Borambola on the south side of the river, were each badly affected. It unfortunately has to be stated that the Boram bola fire was attended with loss of life. From re ports to hand it appears that Mr. J. A. Gunn, mana ger of Borambola, with his brother, Norman Gunn, and three station hands, were watching the river for the anticipated crossing of the flames. About 4 p.m. the grass took file at a point close by them. An attempt was immediately made to suppress the out break, and for a time it appeared as if their efforts would be successful. The wind suddenly changed, and the men were trappped. Mr. Gium shouted to the others to follow him and dashed through the flames. It was a frightful experience and those few awful moments are not likely to be forgotten by the un fortunate men who thus suddenly found themselves faced by the danger of a horrible death. All with the exception of a young man named Frank Curley reached the break, but it appears Curley tried to avoid the flames by making a detour, and in doin» so met a horrible death. His charred body was discovered some time afterwards. The deceased was wsll known in the district, where his people have resided for years, and much sympathy is felt for his wife and young family. Of the other members of the party Mr. Barnes fared worst, having his head, legs, and arms badly burnt. Mr. J. A. Gunn, the manager, also had his hands rather severely burnt. Dr. Stocker was summoned by telephone from Wagga. . and pronounced Barnes's case to be very serious. A* futile effort was made to save their horses, which had been tied up, but three were roasted to death and the other three nad eventually to be destroyed. The fire burnt all through Saturday nigjit and Sunday on Borambola, and is still burning, and at one period on Sunday it seemed certain that the whole property would be devastated. The wind, however, carried the flames off the valuable homestead buildings and sent them racing in the direction of Tarcutta, 25 miles from Wagga. The area of country traversed by. the fire is over 100,000 acres. Besides the stations named the following holdings were visited by the fire : — Mrs. T. Davidson, Harden's Hill, 1100 acres grass, fencing, wool shed, and yards. . W. Dunn, three stacks lucerne, two stacks wheaten hay, all the grass and fencing ; residence saved with great difficulty. T. Halloran, 400 acres grass, house, dairy yards, and fences. Mrs. Hutton, 20 acres grass, and great difficulty in saving the homestead. W. R, M'Intyre, 1400 acres grass, fences. House.and yards on Hurst's farm; T. Mulholland, 2000 acres grass and fencing. J. J. M'Nickle escaped with a loss of about 10 acres. R. Dunn, Currajonj*, lost about 5300 acres grass, and 20 miles fencing, but the' stock were all saved. Bush flies are still raging in the Springwood dis trict. On the 2Sth ultimo a considerable amount of damage was done to property in North Springwood, the Country for five or six miles on each side of the road being swept by fire. The residents about these places have had little rest for some days and nights. They have been fighting the fires. The 28th ultimo was the worst day experienced at Lawson for .many years. From early morn the town was enveloped in smoke, and about midday a bush fire swept across from the west fanned by a strong breeze. It threatened to carry all before it, and the residences of Messrs. Pearson, Banks, and Aitken, and ^ Rev. Mr. Austin- would all have been consumed had it not been for' the exertions of many willing workers in beating back the flames. The magazine containing nearly three tons of explosives was again iu danger, as the fire burnt all round it. The continued heat is drying up the gross around Candelo, and feed will become scarce. Bush fires are burning in the mountains. Bush fires -in many , parts of theOowra district are doing considerable damage. .. ....._ Bush fires are raging some little distance west of Gundagai. Bush .fires will apparently, be very pievalent. ' A bush fire was raging at Oallen, near Lake Bathurst, on the 27th ultimo, and the sky in the evening was dense with smoke. The countiy looks dry ana parched, and rain is badly needed. Several areas of cane were burnt at Lismore 'last week. \ . The weather last week at Moss Vale has been hot and dusty,- the thermometer reaching 96*. The heat was intensified by the bush fires about tne district. A heavy duststorm occurred about 9 p.m., ! the air being much cooler afterward. The weather was intensely hot on the 27th and 28th ultimo at Murrumburrah. The temperature was 108*. A large bush fire raged within five miles the town, which was enveloped m dust and smoke, and a high wind prevailed. Bush fires are raging to the westward of Pambula. The 28th ultimo was the worst day this season at Penrith. The place was enveloped in smoke from bush fires throughout day and night. The ther mometer ranged up to 107*. Bush fires are raging close to Tumberumbah, making the heat very trying. Rain is badly wanted. Bush fires are in cfose proximity to Tuniut, and the smoke is carried there in dense clouds. Ram set in on the 2Sth ultimo. Dowri'Hazelbrook way fires were raging all round, aud all the visitors cleared out by the early trains as their houses were threatened. Much praise is due to the [visitors, fettlers, navvies, aud po ice for the heroic way in which they worked in saving property. A disastrous fire broke out on Mr. Bernard Ken dall's farm near Murrumburrah, last week, consum ing a large shed that had only just been filled with pressed hay. Other sheds, containing chaff, wheat, oats, and barley were also destroyed, together with harness, saddles, farming utensils, and fencing. The whole of the destroyed property was uninsured. .' A bush fire that broke out at Mr. J . Colless' selec tion, Abydos, near Brewarrina, destroyed the wool- .. shed and a quantity of grass. The building was in sured. -? Bushfires are raging in the Braid wood district, in the ranges towards the coast. Landholders are having an anxious time of it as through the bountiful seiasfin there is an abundance of grass, which is now ^le Bankstown district has been devastated by -fires; which are etill burning. Miles of fences have \- been destroyed, and mostof the fruit crops spoiled. ; Many houses narrawiy 'escaped. ; - . . Unsh -fires ~ liave occurred at several places near A large bush fire broke out at Brnaaifli^wSei^l^TS near Orenfell, on the 28th . amount of. wheat and ffooa, '-'-ArB Vickers are the heaviest losers. The latter lortlflsfc T of wheat. Fires bare occurred in other parts ot district. - . - Serious bush fires are raging aboui^btMlta ^'s7^ from - Gilgandra. All the sleeper-jgetien ia th^ 't vicinity had to clear and cover their sleepers with - * earth. The , temperature for the past 1 0 days h as been from 102* to 113*. A - fire at J. Webster's property, near Dryad sMi, % i burnt a small quantity of grass. S. Nixon, Kangar' .- Flat, lost 5 00 acres of grass and six miles of fendn^ ; C. Whitely, about 100 acres of grass, fencing, atifi wire netting (tte wheat narrowly escaped) ; f . Hogan, 50 acres of grass ; Harberger, about '' -0 . s. acres and 31 -sheep ; F. Patey, about 50 acres of s grass ; Goonambil station, 100 acres. The fire which broke out on Wantabadgery sfei' , near Gundagai, last week is considered to b* i - most disastrous that has ever occurred it: iLj.t . . locality. A number of farmers and setOern have been completely burnt out, and in a few instances persons barely .managed to save their home?.. The losses amongst stock are great. The whole of tho Wallerawang district has been enveloped in smoke from the bush fires on' tie - mountains. No damage has been reported abcn:. I here. On Sunday a thunderstorm occurr jti un-i . about 20 points of rain fell. 