; Hill God. -^FBOSt OTJE - OWN COAHESPOHDEWT) : W a t A disastrous bush fire raged through t here on the 28th nit. Coming np from the direction of Camp Creek towards the. main road, it swept thj ough the property of Mr Redman, sen., destroying everything on the farm with the exception of the house, w*iich- escaped utirac iilousty, '< hanks to tae ' almost superhuman efforts of Mr Alf. Redman ( and and untiring efforts, saved the place from distraction. Their task was a hard one, as the flames from a large' shed 12 feet away were leaping high over the honse, and scorching the pine trws growing on the opposite side, and killing a I th^ fruit trees ,iu. the garden. The fire then crossed the road into Mr Cross's place, where it made a-clean Bweep, taking house, 6t'able, sKeds *nd fencing. Continuing on i'-e destructive career it raced through ihe property of Mr Mat. Mitchell, wht-re considerable damage was done, the homestead being saved by a great struggle on the pari of a number of neighboring selectors, who by lhi<i time had gathered in force'to do battle against the unruly and destructive visitor. Mr Mitchell lost a very vaiuab!e Jersey cow, heavy in calf, through' a burning tree falling upon her, also an acre aod half of potatoes, which were literally burnt out cf the ground, sheds, fencing, glass, etc. Mr J. Roulston lost his honse, fruit trees and fencing. Mr Dogral fencing and grass. Alto get her this has been the worst visit that that i his district has ever had from that foul fiend bushfire. There :has been, quite a s ries of vehicle accidents here during the past month, Mrs Reea, the first victim, being rather seri nsly injured, but vrho I am glad to say is again convalescent, Mrs Dogral was the second sufferer, and had her vehiele turned completely upside down, panning her to" the groirad. This' accident fortunately occurred near her home, aod her cries quickly attracted her two son*, who very quickly extriseven shock. The third accident cated thar^taoAer very ^rilons^ position, apparently nothing worse th»n occurred to Miss &£innie fortune wliile driving from the post office to her home in Fnmina. The horse became uncontrollable going down Hitchins' Hill, and crashed into a tree, upsetting Ihe trap, and throwing the occupant IteavHy to a c n t y i i M l Berionsly hurt, which was very remark abk considering the position in whidi the trap was place !. HiU End Cricket CInb played then- Em match on Christmas Day against a team from Willowgrove, who styled themselves The Cowboys." Th ty weift however, too superior for the local boys, as they won by 19 runs, the scores being " Cowboys" 54 (top scorer Fedbner 22) ; Hfll End 35 (top score J. Went 17). On Chris mas Eve a rrogramme of carols was rendered by the Hill End choir in the State Sch ol, . 0 a rather meagre attendance, owing to the fact of the programme being insufficiently ad vertised. However, it was the public loss, as the entertainment was free. 