T h e B o s h F i r e s . A FEARFUL EXPERIENCE, The metropolitan papers contain full and graphic accounts of the bushfires which swept over the Wagga district during last week, burning out over 100,000 acres of grass, and destroying crops, stock, machinery,! and buildings. It was the worst fire tier experienced in the district, and will tpve practically ruined many people. Ae flames got across two chain roads aniS across the Murrumbidgee River. 0|e man was burnt to death on. Borambola named Frank Curley. It seems abat 4 o'clock in the afternoon the fire crosJd the Murrumbidgee on to Boramboi Station, f. A. Gunn, manager of me station, Norman Gunn, the overseer Amed Harvey, a colonial-experience m& named Balme, and Frank Curley, Jstation hand, were waiting for this to wpen, and as soon as the grass, which vis very thick and long, ingnited, they set*) work, and had it nearly subdued ven a sudden change of wind turned Mie fire. J. A. Gunu, Norman Gunn, md Curley were together, and the first-nJtd. seeing they were hemmed in, called gut to others to dash through the aking the lead himself. Balme and as he did so a whirlwind— •d of the fire-fighter on a windy med and enveloped Curley, who it to death. When picked up his were charred beyond recognition, inn was badly burnt about the and Balme was burnt severely on .d, arms, legs and body. The incidenllaused profound regret in the district! Curley was a young married man witllwo children. These men had tied theftorses up in a convenient place, as theBiought, but the change in the wind ht the fire right on to the poor three of them being roasted to whilst three others were 60 badly :d that they had to be destroyed. THE GUNDAGAI END. agai, Monday.—Harrowing stories to hand to-day from the scene of the fires. Apparently the fire made a on Friday from Korster's selection, tfe miles from his hut. Rumor says it owed its origin to tiie use of phosrus, which had been mixed with polfor the purpose of poisoning rabbits, lers attribute the outbreak to incenrism, as it is said that a bottle containa candle was found at the spot where vas first noticed. Whatever the cause, fact remains that the district has been ited by the most disastrous fire ever own in this part of the State. Traverithe country from Forster's (Junee), fire reached, Eunonyhareenyha sta- , 16 miles from Wagga, on Friday, whole intervening tract of country ing destroyed. DuriDg Friday night : wind veered to the east, carrying the : to Uulholland's Oura station and Nickle's Fairfield Estate, which sufed severely. At 9 a.m., aided by a terrific wind, the e swept along the Murrumbidgee Valley, irning out Mrs. MarteU's home and her ops at Black Gate, on the Wagga-road. le fire then struck across Beveridge's nandra Park Estate and Dangar and acDonald Brothers' Wantabadgery ation. It was feared that if the fiames ossed the Wagga-road they would con- [me everything from there to Gundagai, all the Kimo and Nangus station hands ;nt to the scene, fully 300 workers being ithered ; but the intense heat checked e salvage band, who, later on, when the avy wiad sprang up, had to llee for :ir lives, as a belt of Barnes several es wide came sweeping alomg like a :ntless avalanche, consuming selechomes, crops, machinery, and :k. Many men had narrow escapes 1 death by burning. FHilst galloping from the flames, Wilc'uith was oreriaKen, and had to abAon horse at Billabong Creek. He Sun Fed ' nt0 t ' le stream, the belt of flans passing' overhead without inflictiuR njul but the Jio. r »e roasted. EiAt men were 1 Vi™l 10 csca P« 1,1 a art when the horse .became restive rokfthe shafts, the men being thrown ut. IThey just managed to reach a large am a* a terrace of flame passed alon* Two swags have been found along the road, and it is feared that their owners have perished. . , , From 3 p.m. to dusk the fire defied human efforts, as it swe^t along with incredible speud. On the way it devoured everything. . A settler ne.ir Nangus, Austin digram, lost his home (a four-roomed cottage) furniture, wearing appear), crops, stock, and fencing, besides all the cash he possessed, which was in the house. His wife and children had a narrow escape. The former was washing an infant outside the house when the fiery tomado rushed upon them. With admirable presence of mind she gathered the children and rushed with them into the bed of Billabong Creek, where thry remained until the fire had passed, when they emerged scathless. Nangus Station lost 6000 acres of grass and miles of fencing, besides many hundreds of sheep, but the woolshed and homestead were saved. Jas. Williams, a small selector, has been ruined. His house was burnt, and he lost all machinery, besides 130 tons of hay. He estimates his loss at £500, and had no insurance. Although trails three ch'ains wide had been made by people to check the career of the fire, all efforts proved fruitless, as the flames were carried over the trails by the force of the gale then blowing. In many cases insurances were in force, but some of the selectors have been utterly ruined. The hope is expressed that Government will advance money on reasonable terms to the sufferers, to enable them to tide over their misfortunes, which, coming on top of the "t^ljhit scourge, has made the lot of settlers in these parts heavy to bear. From east to west the fire was 25 miles wide, whilst the face of the fire from Na.ngus :to Cooba Mountain, where it ceased, was i2 miles. About 4 p.m. on Saturday the wi changed. The fire veered to the north, the direction of Cooba, and light rain It is estimated that about 20 have been burnt completely out, 400s or 5000 acres of standing crop been destroyed; also that the lossr elude several thousand bags ofj several thousand sheep, and seve«a{' hundred head of horses and cattleJ besides several thousand pounds worth roachi- »ery, 50 or more miles of The total loss will probably readK £100,000, exclusive of hundreds of J[^ousands of acres of valuable summer THJJ Ja'nee, Monday. — The broke out on Dangar Bros.' Wantabadgery " has proved to be thi in the south districts, fire joined it, and. hui of acres have bee-' crossed the Murru; Wantafciargeiy, " places, and Kimo near •< have ha .d a rain-on b p s d w JUNEE ;nd. fire which 'and McDonald atioAon Friday •gest ever known Ourai c tr.ti-r of t h i : > itted. TV r at Cr and seven 'pried' to have r .fi.' The fire f „ battle. A light [y afternoon allayt demon -for. the time being, Vut the Mads afterwards gave fresh Start, and whirlwinds carried burning debris hundreds of yards, and rendetcd the efforts of the meb almost futile. Wantabadgery Station consists of 40,000 acres, and every bit of grass was destroyed with the exception of a corner of 1500 acres opposite David Weir's Wantiool property. The station will have a difficult problem to face in finding fresh pastures for 60,000 sheep. Thousands of sheep were destroyed in the flames, and a large number of those shifted are so badly singed that a big percentage of deaths is expected. The following are amongst the smaller losses: — J. F. Quilter, Burnt Creek Station, 2200 acres of grass, hundreds of sheep, and fourteen miles of fencing ; Angus McKinnon, 2000 acres of Flowerdalr property, and a large number of sheep (in one place McKinnon found the charred remains of 200 sheep) ; C. J. McCarthy, Springfield, all his grass and fencing, and nearly lost his house (his family had to flee to a hill near by which had been burnt a few weeks before, and Mr. McCarthy, who had been seriously ill, was completely prostrated by his efforts.to get away from the flames). Mrs. Heffernan, Rosegreen, lost all her grass, and the house was only saved by the use of a hose worked by herself and daughters. The two ladies had been left alone at the house whilst the men were mustering stock. Thomas Brabin, Eurongilly, sutfered £200 damage, and David Wi' £300. Alexander McDnald, Glencoe, los three stacks of hay, 50 acres of standin; crop, and a lot of glass. A. J. Beveridg< of Dollar Vale, lost 3000 acres ofgrai The fire stopped at Beveridge's draftii yards, a mile from Mitta Creek. IN OTHER DISTRICTS. Picton, Monday.—On Saturday bush fires raged to an alarming extent all round. J. Simpson, of Glen Hills, and R. Campbell, of Bargo, were completely burned out. The fight with the fire was most exciting, and a loss of life was narrowly averted. The men at Harvey's Crossing, Maldor, had the greatest difficulty in saving their tents, and the newly-erected approach to the suspension bridge which is being erected there by the Government. WEST MAITLAND, Monday.—The heat on Saturday and Sunday was excessive, aovi bush fires have been again raging throu'gh the district. At Buchanan, local, and Bishop Bridge, bush fires have destroyed great areas of grass, besides timber and fencing. The drought is the severest felt for the past 40 years. There is little grass anywhere, and water is very scarce. Most of the dairy farmers have been compelled to shift their cattle to other pastures for want of feed. Gkj nfell, Monday.—Great fires devastated the country to the south of Grenfell, causing considerable loss in stock, crops, pasture, and fencing. Among sufferers are G. II. Greene (landra), A. M'Vitkers (Thornbury), J. Q. and P. Wood (Brundah), Job Fowler, and others. park from an e^ine is stated to have caused some of the lires. Orange, Mondaji—Bush fires are reported from all aiaind the district. At Enoch Gazzard's «m considerable damage was done, t§ fire burning for 48 hours, until a shovmoi rain extinguished it. Twenty men wcrengaged two days and nights beating bca the flames. Gazzard lost 800 acres 0 grass, and Corby 500 acres. At Duneffi farm, Belgravia, a fierce fire was gcMinder by several men, who, however, attained severe injury to their faces andognds. At Adam Murtad, a 6m jwu by spark& from assiDg railway engine, less, Wit here again a It made rapid sfully battled with the score of men su flames. I-IRI'S VICTORIA/ Melbourne, Mor.i .y.—A sensaiynal bush fire occurred at 'eerim Non»on Saturesteads arahundreds- day, wheu tivi of acres of were dc->tSL»yed. In eveiy instance ihe contents houses wci'. t'on.umed before the ou:u*i:Hs had time id remowr them to places* safety. Caille were destroyed, anil tliB raging flameb licked up evcrythiuy ihB:ay in their luck, which was a couple® miles wide. Fortunately no people were i«jd the lositj are in most instances! families; having been deprived means olnistebce. In theV^hborhood of Bairnsdi fires did k it damage to farms,! steads, ^ orchards, aithoug^ dames, in fct greater part of their _ passed thromji heavily-timbered foq 