DISASTROUS BUSH-FIRES, i SUSPICIOUS OUTBREAKS. A FIRE-FIGHTER INJURED. Sydney, January 17. Bush fires are still raging in various parte of the country, and extensive damage is re ! ported. Many more bush fires have Oc curred lately in the Gundagai district, sug gesting, as several outbreaks happened simultaneously at; various; points,< that ,in fcendiaries-must be at., work. . On Sunday a •fire, which.,didVnot,.do,much damage,- ,oc "currcd at Mundarlo station,, and it was, quickly &tinguishedV; , On Tuesday an out' -break occurred on the Bongongo, run, con suming about 1,000 acres of grass, besides fencing. Although the flames were sub dued a fresh outbreak occurred on Wednes day, when about 500 acres of grass oh the Cotway station, which adjoins Bbngongo, was consumed. Simultaneously another outbreak' occurred at Mr. W.B. Smith's ; Dairbalara station, but prompt help re sulted in the damage:l?emg,!omy .sb'ght.'.A Another fire started on Xue3day; morning: at Mr. C. Pigram's homestead, Muttaiha, travelling to Mr. Bamett's paddocks adjoin ing, and consuming" 1,000 acres of grass, besides much fencing. • Graziers are alarm ed at the. frequency of the outbreaks, and curred lately in the Gundagai district, sug gests that they cannot all arise accidentally. During the week a fire was quelled: oh the Brungle reserve, where several boxes of ; matches, placed suspiciously, were . found j lately. - - ;A., ">!'" ,o ",j ' Air.; Crick,'the .Minister of Lands,'..'has. agreed to suspend interest for 12' months 'in' the cases of settlers who were- burnt out' by the recent fatal fire, , .. | ;A- bush fire is threatening young. •: It broke out-, yesterday, morning on Prema gong station, and' spread to Brogan's farm.j Mille. Mille station, and Sconey Creek sta tion, burning a large quantity of wheat, j grass/and fencing. '. Inst night it was ap-! parsntly under control, but it broke out again early this mormng,-"bjirpihgffiercely.| on Stoney. Creek. ., .Theiwjnd'* rdsg1 .ahdl car-, ried the fire at one end, io within,about'two, miles of the town. Then The wind slightly changed and carried the-fire in another di rection, and it has now approached to with in a mile and a half of the town at an other : point, There is much anxiety amongst townspeople. Joseph Small, an old resident of Young, - and one of the volunteers who went out to assist at the budh' fire, has ' just been brought into town to the hospital, suffer ing from injuries received through- being overtaken, byflthe 'fire, ; A party 'of' sevek were engaged inbnerc6rnef of'Cnant-'s^a'd~ dock, When the wind" suddenly".-. Changed; bringing the fire upon them.; Six of the party with difficult escaped info safety. Small was missed^ and was found after an flour's search severely burned. His con dition is so serious that his recovery is doubtful, v. f Melbourne, January 17. The disastrousbush fire in the Illowa dis trict, near Warrhambo61,''has almost swept the country bare. for. gniiles." Although the fire only lasted; a few1 hours, it consumed fencing," outh'ous'e'sfJliaystaeks, &c.;, worth over ±'1,000. fl-r The Right Hon, E. Barton, Prime Minis ter of Australia, to-day completes his-53rd year. Thousands of people will wish him many happy returns of the day.- ' 