S ERAMBULATO&. The wasI a ppropriate " rainei n about the meting of the Kilmor B e Club published in your last isae.. Those who read aiid report can draw their own con- I clusions, but I cannot help remarking Mr Hbgan was perfectly right in condemning the couree purned of undoing at one meeting i what was decided at a previous one,. and- if this sort of practice is allowed it must lead to endress trouble. Besides to-rain the price of admission after the booth had been sold when aulower price was. fixed is manifestly unfair tothe- boothbolder, And what has become of the resolution, of the Race- Club. aunual meeting to advertise- the- balance sheet t I believe this has not bee- attended. to yet. If I, remember correctly she balance sheet,.duly audit, and& found correct, was submitted at the annual meeting,, and. therse oertainly should. be no difficulty in the in struction. mferred to being attended, to.. * The following paragraph i, true showfein a most remarkable degree- how serupalous some of the publicsausin. this district are. The in formation. is from. Monday'i " Age":?-A Bablicinhualia froot Betl Ceec ai rSt. Kilde police yesrtdsp mndfdri iztraordinary request He explalhied that he was stayingon a visit with a relation, at St. Kilda,. and on. Saturday forgot to get in his "medicine'" for Sunday. With. a remark able idea a: to the powers of the police, he aeked the officer in- charge to virtually i?us pend. the operation of the Licensing Act for that day, and give him a permit to procure somegin, which he took as. medicine, froa one of the local public houses, Although a pimlicaa for 40. years. he himself did not trade on Sunday, and wxe. prastically a. tee totaller, buat having taken, a chill.after fight. ing bush- fires. which threatenedhis homestead he felt- that a little atimulant was indispens' ible... Sergeant Malleny- informed, the ingenuous applicant that he had- no power to, grass the request, and so perhaps it may be assumed-with, however,. the emphasis- on. the " perhaps"-that this- singularly scrup.. lous, law. respacting publican. hsd- to, worry through Sunday without his- " medicine.' or in default patreniu a chemist.. Uhder the Commonwealth Post and.: Tileb. graph Act a somewhat. doubtful " privilege" is being conferred upon: newspapers. It iJs only a short time since the State Parliament imposed a registration fee of 5s upon news papers-and now that the P.0- Department has ben transferred to Federal control the petty meanness is.enacted- of re- imposing.a fee which should never. have- been, charged.. I wonder what other " privilges" are toW be aceorded to aewýpapers. Relations are- becoming: more strained between Germany andi Great Britain.. In, i the German. Reichstag on Friday- night an.m 1 other violent-attack was made on Mr. Oha-0 ,lberlaia: by. Herr LiebermannSanneberg, a D member.of the anti-Semitic party. He spoke a of the Secretary. of State. for- the Colonies- as r "the Imost accursed seoundrel on God'searth,'" I and the instigator-of a wicked war,. and. de scribed the British. army. as a " pack. of. thieves." Although-. the Presidenti of the 0 ithaber -andthfle Chancellor, Counst- Bulow,, censured, the violeince ofLthe language,. the e Euglish-newspapers.are- dissatisfied, and. in digannt. • , - 