1 Ws AND NOTHES. PASS PEsau between Yea and Melbourne have always sufficient time at Tallarook to go to Howe a Hotel for meals (always ready and the best drink. (Advt.]" YISTErDAY's cattle market is quoted as irregular, opening with an advance on late sates, but weakening asthesalesprogressed. About 1300 head were yarded, mostly of medium and light'weights of good quality. A large number of cows came forward, and met with fluctuating request Ten bullocks from Ghin Ghin averaged £13 Is, and eight cows from same owner, £8 ; ten Doogallook bullocks,£12 10s ; ten Switzerland bullocks, £11 ?s id; ten Warrambet Park, £10 12s Sn. A number of other cattle went from here sad Molesworth, but averages are not quoted. ALL the privileges-iscluding right of Tattersalle-in connection with the Publi. can's booth at the annual races, to be held on 26th February next, were sold by Mr. S. Dodghnun, at the Mart, on Saturday last The bidding was started at fifteen poonds, and quickly ran up to £18 o10, at which fgure the rights were knocked down to Mr. Redpath, of the Caledonian Hotel. This sum is an advance of 25s on last year's satisfactory figure, and the officials of the clob may congratulate themselves on making sunch an auspicious opening on the credit side of their balance-sheet. Mrs. Franklin secured tie refreshment booth, which was pout up to auction immediately afterwards, at £3. A SvunDD and cnexplainable outbreak of fre occurred on the Auwarby estate late last Friday afternoon. - Mr. f 'Kinnon, who had been out in the paddocks,.had just returned and entered the honse preparatory to having his tea, when the housekeeper rushed in and excitedly informed him that a fire had broken out at the back, at a spot only a short distance removed from the out buildings. Fortunately, the fire originated on a rather bare piece of -ground, and the discovery was made just in the nick of time to snable Mr. M'Kinnon to prevent its spreading to the long grass, which every-. where else is abundant on the estate. Two or three minuteslater it would have been absolutely impossible to have coped with the outbreak. Even as it was Mr. M'Kinnoo, whi was singleehanded, had extremely hard work to beat out the flames, and wua almost exhadited, btfore he accomplished this result LIEuTri'AW0'Tos CArULL arrived in Yea this morning froni Langwarrin on a hurried visit of farewell tb his relations and friendr. He proposes to retdhl" to' camp either thsa evening or to-mrorrow morning, as his leave is of a very limited nathid: Everything at Langwrarrin is, he states, in'a ultat satisfac tory condition, and he describer the officer's ihens as an exceedingly happy family, whsre all'havc either been previously acquainted in the field or from mutual friends have before fat-orably heard of each othei. The selection of officers and men of the contin gent h?sijbtct most fairly and judicioiisly carried out, and l'he revnlt of this care adi dieri'inatio , will, iih. is e;oiiiiioi, lie fully prved bhy the performlnces iof II battalion iniSouth Africa. We wish the Lieutena.nt afety, pronmotioon, and success in thei arduous canpaie which ie, so .clo.ely ahead of him. Tae usual monthly meeting of the Yea Water TrUSt will be held on Mouday even- li ing. al A bratrar match will be played en ai Saturday in the Recreation .Reserve t betweeno tht Yea and Jokhson's Creek' clubs. . Ti? annual lieeting of subseribers to the g Spa Pnlio. Library will be held in the Shire Hall be Thursday neit at 8 p.m. A raxeaci meeting of the members of the Yea Briss Band will be held on Monday eveniag at $ p.m. in the Shire HilL A fall attendance is requested as thb tsfinuem is iniportant. WE have received the first number of the " Journal 6f the Department of Agriculture of.Vi6toria." Tile journal it edited by Mr. H:.W; Potts, F.C.S.. F.L.S., agricultrsal expert to the department, and is well gotI up. It is to be published monthly.. Ma. C. Sixnwoah, infixi toacier, an. 1 nouances that rs hles resumed tuition in Yea I and district. He has vacancies for pupils, and those desirous of commencing should t communicate with hiMi stsi is place of rei deuce, Coffee Palce, Yea. THE following; notices appeared in the last Iane e thi. Governmen GOzatte : Application for crown grants : James Rae; 99?a. 2r. 35p., Murrindindi ; J. M'Cristal jun. 164a. 2r. 24p. Murrindindi; Thos. Byrne, 193a., Wyndham. Lease revoked: William E. M'Clelland, 333a, Flowerdale. Teai " Alexandra Standard" reports a small bush-fire tlidt started in the johnsoe'd Creek district on Thursday last through the careless use of phosphorised pollard. After the fire had been got under portions of phos phorised pollard were discbvet'ed burning in the furrows, weighing about a quarter of a pound, and the mixture, upon examination; was found to be wrongly prepared. Mss.M K. ~.i' euzr, M.L.A., has been appointedon ithe Rcyal Commission to no quire into the system of promotion in the Railway Department, and its general man ' agement, financisl and otherwise. PL.PLAti on the M.:C.C. ground on Tues day, in the match West and South v. North and east. C. M'Kenaie, oi Trawool, made 24 runs, aii:hiply was favorably com mented on. A oouxu named William Glendenning, son of Sergeant Glendaning, ef Seymour, but erstwhile of Yea, met with a painful accident on Thursday evening. He wis I sitting on a fence in:Station St., Seymour, when he overbalanced and fell on his arm, breaking both bones above the wrist. The injured limb was set by a medical gentle. man. Wz have been handed by Mr. Knights several Xmas numbers of illustrated Sonth African weekly journals. The pages are largely, as is usualat the time of year, given over to plates. These are interesting, varied, and beautifully clearrand are accom panied, for the most part, iby well-written descriptive letterpress. Indeed, for artistic illustration, these editions are ahead of any. thing turned out in Australia this oeseon. Lf.roa-Ge ?RAnr E. T. If. Hrrozr, the C new Federal Mlitar Commandant, is to ar. rive in Melbourne next Wednesday,when he r will at once enter upon his duties. He will be able to sunpervise the formation and ar l rangements of the fresh contingent asked e for, and the department will have the im mediate benefit in this direction of his mili f tary knowledge and large experience in South Africa. Tae Education Act Amendment Act passed during the last session contains the provision that the attendance of pupils will be compulsory for 75 per cent. of the num. her of school days, instead of 40 days in a quarter as hitherto. The transfer of children n from one school to another is. the nme Ilo eslity is stopped, ad no matter how forward a child may be in his:or her studies, certifi f eates exempting from further attendance will not be issuaned until the child is 12 years d of age. . Wesevar two i three are congregated c, outside the town, .the present topic of h conversation is the rabbit. The theme is r. like the pest--omnipresent and never-end. is ing. Since the 13th inst, however, the 'e laying out of phoephorised pollard has been ie pretty general, ahnd the taint of decomposing g rabbit lies heavy on` the evening air. it Another few weeks will see the numbers of n the pest materially reduced on all the more * open and dry country, bhut work will have to be persistent and steady for the next two or three months to do'aiy. real all round r good. ;e IT is one of the peculiar anomalies in the 0o yield of milk from a cow that it will some it times vary to a large extent in the milk 7 test. One of the most up-to-date American or dairy experiment stations is the one at Min. a nesota. This is, perhape, due to its being it under the control of Professor aeseker, the it noted dairy expert. As far as poesible all d the conditions are keptat theirbest in the e station experimental herd,- The professor, se indealing with raditions in the " Milk I Teat," states that one cow tested eight coo. r- secutive nmilkings gave the following :--4.2, o 4.1, 3.7, 35, 3.8, 3.6, 4.8 3.4. There is n thnus a difference of over-l per cent. between ic the highest and lowest test For the ehole , lierd he gave the following :-The d last two weeks on dry feed the tat was st 3.7r5; the first two weeks on pasture it was is 3.89, but the second two weeks on pasture was the same a the month's test before a going on pasture. Tlhis denotes that d the effect of succulent -food does.- not ,take place until some two weeks alter Sthe cows have been on pastare, and then the etest is lower. That food has but little per t manent effect upon the quality of the milk has now beomne recognised fact. Certain . rich foods may increase the fat in the milk, h but a continuation of the same food will fail d to confirm the trial. Variation in'milk tet e may, however, occur through a- ddefault in 0 the testing machine, and sometimes to the . man that rnas it. The time of calving and SI the kind of care hare their influences also, s and ,utside of this. the ow herself nmakes ' chaslges which cansot be traced to any cause I or explained by any theory. Milk testineg It has puzledl many dairymers, and will con Stieuc to do so until the physical c!haracteris y tins of a cow are better underiterd than at petss-t. (Sydzc~yhi-ill ELEItTO C are reminded that the electoral licts are uow printed and are open for in spection at office of the electnorl registrar and various post offices within ties eilee torate. . :; aioeo a grounp of oficr appariong. id: c this issue of the ' Weekly Times' is ia very good photograph of Liot. Cahill. Although there are sixteen figure in the picture each t stands boldly forth And is etredit to the operator's work. Wi desire to call the ttsintion of those Interested in land matters to oiu advertising colnmns, wherein Mr. Steveinsoi; of Bea. fort, announces that he has 620 acres of land fbr sale by tender, at Kobyboyn. YESTERDoa the Brnadford Shire Council, which; with a very small income, has cii ri&i; oiil, with extremely little Government sMistance, almost as much work as any of its wealthier neighbours, asked tho acting Mlhister of Public Works fir a grant of £380 to assist thiei with work on the b?on binane road. The d'iiutfaon put so strong' a case before the Minister that he promised 1 the most sympathetic consideration of their request. SERGEART-MAJOR M'DorzAL, ifi pro bably make an application for a senior lieu tenant's commission in the contingent whleh is ii~'w ba?g asked for. Mr. M'Donald has a long and highly :criditablf military ex perience here and.in South Africa, and if selection -is adjudged, which we think it will, by merit and personal qualifications I he should easily receive the appointment. S9nior non;comtidsioned officers who have proved their ability, aid fia~ a knowledge of the country and mode of warfare should be the first chosen. It was the plan of pro motion adopted by Napoleon and it is im possible to controvert so illustrious a pre. cedent. , AJos. enjoyable moonlight picnic was held it the Gonlbirn bridge yesterday even. ing'. A6b'l tlirty joung people attended, and a most pleasirheabe time was spent, the weather conditions for the time of the year being singularly propitious. Songs, suitable games, and selections on the gramophone helped to amuse and entertain the guests, " and all went merry as a marriage bell." The night was bright, cear,; ainl deliciously cool and still, and everything tended towards the most happy results. With the excep tion of the fruit, the edibles were generously supplied by the ladies, among whom the Misses Quinlan and Taite were especially Sprominent, alid drsned tfib sincere thanks I of the whole party. As a sample of the lying slush' published not only by the Continental pres in picture Sform bat by some of our local pro- fereigners in letter press in Australia, the" Weekly Times " in this issue prints three photo. graphs taken from" The Blood Book of the TrnsvaaL" lhree of the mildest have been taken, we believe, as the others were so atrociously fool and bestial or obscene as to be absolutely unproducible. Certainly thi "artiste" employed were more ivvid of imagination than gifted with the pencil. In one of the presentations an English soldier is depicted in the act of kicking a Boer woman of gorilla-like figure and charm of countenance, while his comrades in the background applaud .the cruelty. If the sketches of the women in all the pictures s are anything lifellike it is easy to account Sfor the bestial imagination of the gentry who drew them. In another a British officer Iis shown as beating with his sword a woman who h-ts fallen from exhaustion on the march to the refugee camp, while the third portrays women and children as hound to poles erected in prominent positions on the Srmoured trains as suitable targets for the bullets of their relations and friends who dered to fire on their enemies eeurely hid. den behind the plates of steel. Sous eight or nine months ago Mr. T. SLawless, a new resident of this town, wu stricken down with typhoid fever, and was sabsequently removed to the Alexandra Hospital for treatment. It then became known that the family were urgently in need e of monetary assistance through thus being deprived of the services of their bread-win ner. Mr. T. Donnelly kindly undeitook to raise subscriptions on behalf of the family, i and, accordingly, canvaseed the town with that object. The result of his generous en deavours was the collection of a number of small sums, totalling £10 1a4 10Jd, which was still further added to by a sum of 16s, collected by Mr. J. D. O'Callaghan after morning service at the toman Catholic Church. The three clergymen resident in the town suggested that disbursement of the sums collected should be left in the hands of Mrs. Daniel M'Leish (Yea), and 0 Messrs. T. Donnelly and J. T. White, d which was agreed to. This committee han. ded over the amount in weekly instalments until the whole had been paid away. Now Sthrough the opportune aid extended by the residents of Yea, the family have succeeded in bridging over the period of distress. The k names of the subscribers may be seen at Mr. n T. Donnelly's. THIz Terangaville fire, of which so many contradictory reports as to damage and area have been circulated, was fairly under con e trol by Saturday night. The light showers II of rain that fell early on Sunday morning, e and the succeeding dull weather, hare ma , terially tended to its thorough extinction. k From a rough estimate of the length and breadth of the blackened ground we calcu l* late that about 1200 acres of gram have been 1, burned, and we learn that about two miles i, of fencing have been destroyed on Mr. Mar shall's property, to which holding the fire Swas practically confined. Owing to the e location of the starting point of the fire is being situated in an exceptionally steep and a rocky gorge, which, in many places, wus not crosaableo> foot, much harn; work, diffi culty, constant attention, and fatigue, were " engendered on the workers on the Wor. S rough side of the outbreak. The patchy t nature of the grnus, and the roughness of t the country, rendered the rouning of a trail r well-nigh impossible, and heated atones from the burnt up hill area kept rulling * down, as the logs which supported them r- were consumed, and re-startiog the fire in k ungetatable places. Here the Worromigh n beatt- ware at work until 'one a.m; on Satarday morning, were back again at day. *, light, and kept busily going until 10 p.m. it that night. It war thus imposible for the It Measr M'Kenzdi to get'away to the cricke. a match, Ye v. Trawool, which was to have been played that day in Yea. Mr. Mar e shall, although snfering severely in grass d and post and rail fencing, etc., was not the , loser that first reports stated. The fire came very cloc- to his homestead on two siles, but sVwas fortunately stopped there, e anld hi staacka and out-bulllings were never ig in very seridt:Ednncercbeing protected to ua i. crtain exnt y :!he road and a deep creo i I channel. \e hae also reason to heliese I that the report ihati this owuerr hbd a unu. i, of aheep singed ha! also been dilated by the .a . ,u . t . . . . " , .' 