THE PICKET. BY FRED; J. BROOMFIELD. ablo becaus^ . t. 1. nro «- nothing to hide ; but those who knew men suspected a crypt or a catacomb' in his past, sealed hermetically to the eyfli of casua,l acquaintanceship, .to the solicitude of ' friendship, or even to the searching gaze of love. As a boy I had worked m-his office: As I grey up to -manhood I gi-ew also in; his confidence. I became his book-keeper, his factotum, his manager Tand. agent, and his trusted other Voice' in all his many affairs. I was practically the master, of Wamberall Saw Mills. Everything was left to my controt, and Ralph Luttrell devoted himself to his city concerns and hiB parliamentary duties. He was many years my senior, and of course his past was to me only a matter of hearsay. I knew that- he had inherited big estates and substantial business 011 the- death of liis uncle; that he had served a probationary period as that all-round man of many responsibilities called a 'clerk' at his uncle's saw mills; that he had- married and reared a family. Beyorid these facts I was in the dark as to his former life until I came to live at ' Wamberall. To me always he appeared; as a man of a tragic appearance, but he never made, .a sign, gave a hiftt, 'invited . never, a confidence, r. Kindness- and manliness personified. Courteous ; as a ChesterfielUj ;thero!' was, nevertheless, something', repressed— something for bidding-r-(ibout him which repolled any thing like an attempt at corifidental advances.. .As time went on Luttrell's visits, to Wamberall. grew ' briefer,; ?until; at; length they ceased -altogether. ? The city , seemed to, absorb him ab solutely, and it gradually came about that I was obliged to go southwards at stated periods to , consult with him on matters affecting his many business .concerns* . . : One day something very curious — something very perplexing, something strangely, tragic — took place at Wamber all. 1 wrote to Luttrell, giving him a' full account of the occurrence, and was chilled and shocked at the curt callous ness of his reply. The affair passed from immediate cognition and gradually' faded on the dim palimpsest of memory. Luttrell died, and his will named me his solo executor. It was while I was engaged in going through his papers that I came upon a manuscript which threw a flood of weird light upon liis past and explained much about my friend which before had been obscure and confused. LurriiEM-'s Manuscript. ' I think I hated Paul Damond long before I saw him., An Australian born, I thought of him alwayB as, tlio 'cursed Englishman!!. To my thoughts I was, however, careful never to give utterance, for my uncle professed a strange affec tion for that far-away nephew whom he had nevor seen ; that sou of a cherished friend who had married his favourite sister. ;I was tho ' dependent relative,' the offspring of. a runaway niatch, and therefore the . inheritor; of a family scandal. I hated Paul Damond. Is it wonderful ? By and bye I: heard that the ' perfect nephew,' the paragon, the university prize man, was to visit Aus tralia. My , uncle went about in a con dition of ecstatic rapture. . I chewed the cud of venomed thought in dumb rage and writhed in an agony of soul that I dared not unpack in words. ' Well do I remember the day upon winch- Paul Damond came to Wamberall. It was a blistering day in tlio height of summer. Tlie feller's axe rang and clinked through the, forest that fledged tho hills and made distant music with a thousand echoes. - At intervals was1 heard the thunder and crash of falling trees, and? always tho , mournful, per-' sistent notes : of a ? bullock's bell, as though front a convent far away. Near ! at hand the thick air was shaken by the ' brutal whir.' of tho ' circular ' or the heavy rasp of-:the 'vertical,' while tho hot hours were' punctuated by the ching and chang of ;crowbars and iron 'dogs' and the rattle of log chains. The engines snorted and panted laboriously ; bullock teams strained at thefr task in clopds '.of, [ coppery', dust , 'and' haze of shreded.biirk, exhorted' veliein[6ritly by rousirig ' oaths /and ' whip'.; cracks', ,llke pistol . shots. 'It [wai/.; i-itt red day of bush-fires arid s^velte^-'Binqke , 'every- where, heat, rising frorii the earth likd[a burnt sacrifice to the sun, ' find the 'sky tiuiveririg as with fumes from^ sMeltirig pot. I had enough to do '^^vprkth^t de manded ev'ery'.fractiori'of'a. le.viel'-head's ilttention-^but I could, not[thirik ;cjetirly find , 1 calmly.' 'M^' ''jihoughts [ [ ' pliiy.ed alwayB' [ ana . Vehemently ; ' arpiirid ' the coming, cousin, the'[coii6i[n I h'a'd learned to [hate .before 'liad [seen|.[[ ' My tincle had gdri6; th'e[ day beforq ,'to tWe.i^prity, iniles:distarit.' railway , ^ep6t',[:['witni'[his r oad coaching [tea rii £9 mee t' his precipuS visitor. ' , : Up to [tlid lpng-wihite.rajnblirig hoinesteiid', . with^1; ita jgr'eeh... .Jtajillteea verandahs, .attrrouiided j}y['flbwer8i,arid flanked by,' out-housesi ' [stiiblea,' iisd pffiqerf; : e^pectatidri' and V preparation reigned supreme. [:.Tririi,Mrs, L'ftyerider, Wamberall's ;hbusekpeper',' hris[tled[with all ' the', [[vehemence „[ the ' , heat ; HyOuld peririit, - wielding ' perspiring ' 'authority over her batallion of excited' satellites. The poultry-yard had. been, decimated, tlie store,' had [ been . ransacked,. ' the ldtchen; fruit and' flower '.gardens had been raided and robbed, of [tho choicest to ' dp ,'the stranger,' honour.} ; ? I' thpught bitterly, of the .stern' business; relations uppri which'I had stood always w?th[my uncled I had ' earned '.whatever br.pad ; I had eaten by, the sweat of my' brow^' ! I had been' rio.prodigdl j'^it BdBhan' Iierd'of fatted calves would'. naVe;;be'en no, ex triivagant guerdon for ; my' merit;. '/Yet in my secret heart. I kh'e-y, it'was npt rii^ , uncle's fdvO'iir or, liis : praise, 'nor, feast, nor; ostentation, of welcome .' for which [I yeSrried, 'I- was content, to win my way, but 'something I wanted that merit1 could .riot i^in, [ ' ? '' '. . ;- ''.Again, and again flittered; through the homestead's open 1' door,, out upon the trellised verandah, the'.white 'niuslih' clad figure of my cousin Elsie, my[ uncle's, only .child and the heireBs.of, his yast wealth. She . was: no ' daughter' .of ' the Australian bush,; [ but a fashionably educated, city girl' engaged [for a Tbrief, season in playing [wood nymph. ' She was surpassingly tearitiful, accomplished beyorid cavil,; charming, .brilliant, be wildering, adorabler-and I loved,. her! She simply thought of mo as a worthy fellow, adniirably suited to my position and environment, : just ?: as she - might have thought of . her 'music-teacher : or the shop- walker whom : she ' worried in her city shopping raids. ' That: I ' was her cousin,1 the son of -her father's sister, she doubtless never- considered! for a moment; it was -something to be-, taken merely for granted arid then dis-' missed. To win her appeared- a task of1 appalling hopelessness, and, in.con Bequence, I cherished all the determina tion to succeed, bred of despair. In her father's mind Elsie was alreddy wedded to Paul Damond. , He was the one worthy man in niy 1 uncle's round of ambitious .thought. Paul ? Damond ,? the son of his favourite - Bister ; : wealthy, handsome, accomplished, distinguished, almost noble in the English meaning of the word, and an only 'child!' 'What- a re-union of fortune; affection and family interest was here ! .- ' ' ' The great gates ,on the hill-top swanj» back- with a clang, arid .the coaching team rolled down in a cloud of; copper dust, smitton .into fiery haze.by the glow of the western sun. The hour. had struck, and with it' came the inan !'. ' How in the 'naine of heaven I en dured that first ' evening' of Paiil Damond's visit is past telling. His was. the reception accorded' by the citizens; of a capital, to a returning conqueror.' Elsie swami about him ;like a naiad. The evening dinner ' was ' a ' princely banquet. The night [was filled With the music of Elsie's voice, with the1 music of . Eisie's piano, with the exotic; duets the ' two cousins sang together ; but the bush; fires glowed sullenly along [the ridges,1 and I felt tho rage within me'burning in sympathy with them. I pleaded Tveari-' ness and went to my own quarters to listen, for , what seemed a^es, ' to 'the song and the laughter which mocked the stifling expression of the [[night Sleep ! There was nd sleep possible for. me, though I was worn, out with the day's labour.- Read I could, not ; but. through arid' through my brain there, passed every emotional had felt during' that first meeting with Paul Damond. Yes, lie, was undeniably handsome, , in, a stately style,: and wore. [his clothes .with the ease with which .the. heir lo a throne wears a cororiet.- , His manners were perfect, but distant; . He acted as one who knew absolutely, the value of every one 'of hiB .advantages., [ -When ; I. was -made known to j liim, he- measured me. with a coldly appraising eye, [ and, said, . addressing not me, but niy uncle ' And so_ this is also an Australian cousin of mine?' It was hardly wise on 'his part. I reflected grimly that', knowledge ' of men is not included in the curriculum of an English university. ? If a wish could have killed hirii, Paul Dimond was already dead. ! - ''From the moment ; of our intro duction I avoided the fellow.- ; His patronage, liis affected superiority,' the air pf travel and culture tliat clung to him, the supercilious tone of his voi-e, liis high-cast handsomeness, his aloof ness, his intense atmosphere of English ism, and everi liis very pretentions as an atlielete; all jarred .'upori my . nerves, grated against my prejudice, and goaded me into paroxystris ' of silent rage that seemed to 'stifle riiy breathing [and make blackest night glow as a crimson furnace heart. I saw red, and went about my duties half dazed with a gi'owing riassion of hatred. Meanwhile, the loverinatch between the cousins 'progressed apace, much to my uricle's satisfaction. They rode together and sang and played lawn tennis. A grand ball celebrated Paul Damond's advent at 'Wamberall, but, in accordance with, my uncle's,, match making designs, no one was asked to the homestead until the .great 'affair' liad been brought 'to a happy 'climax: I studiously kept myself ' away, and', ate my jealous' heart out; Three months , thus dragged ' their slow length alorig, [ and the day .loomed upon , which' the house party riieilitated a , return' to [the city. Paul had probably inade a^ormal proposal, and ; had be'eri ' accepted. ' Of this, however, I knew ridthiri'g, '.'and' cared nothing. My life had 'proved a failure; my ambition Was dead; niy every hope was . blighted. ? The ' little' marks of intimacy', the , glances of affection which passed between ;, Elsie and Paul Damond, drove nie to. mad ness. As soon 'as my day'B work was over I escaped , td .wherever, I was welcome. There: I' carried; 'my gloorii and my pulleri^SB, until I tired out the patience and tlje[kindliriess of everyone. My' [[uncle v/asi a!. bon. vivant, but' lie, detested dissipation, and ,11101 e than; once I. had carried [back to Wamberall, more tliiin transient marks of [heavy, drinking^ . Wprds of anger passed. ' be tween. us. and'coriduced, ori my part, ,tO. greater recklessness. ' 'But the day drew, near ori which they were all to go aWay,! arid I. hailed its advent with joy, for I; longed to be' alone wjth my tniseryT Monday waB fixed for their departure. It was then Saturday. and I saddled my ' horse and rode into Brereton, a country town some twenty miles away. At evory' shanty I passed upon the road I had a nobbier of tho awful jjrog which contributes to tho brutalisation of the bush drinker. My horse fell, more than onpe under the idiotic guidance of itB bemused rider, and I Btaggered into the stable-yard of- the Brerpton Arms far after, midnight. HeaVy with liquor,'- T slept pn the straw in the corner,, of the loose box wherein I stabled my lamo monnt Without So. much ; as shutting the door behind- me, : ; There, in, 'the morn ing, I, wad 'fpund by tlie ostler, suffering the torments;, of' the damned. That Sunday passed in ari agony of remorse, and sUsperiBe',. punctuated by many dreams, that; eerved only to feed the fire which.: raged within me, body, and soril; :;;As -;the; afternoon lengthened I pulled, myself together and determined , to set out on foot for. Wamberall, for my podr. horse was in. a condition; so hope-' lesa that I dared not venture to take him;- from '/'the town. ; Twenty mileB were, nothing to a young man hard as proverbial nails, albeit sadly shaken by a heavy bout of drinking and several months of brooding mania. Besides, I knew short cuts -over the tree-clad hillB,' and I reflected that a good tramp might have a salutory effect upon my shattered nerves. I slipped out of the hotel with never a [hint or a word to ariyorie. '.I felt, shame-faced arid despondent, arid riiy horse , I ,knew_ would be well tended 'till I ? sent , for him, for I was nO new customer at the Brereton ArmB. I had, however,' taken the precaution'of provid ing thyself with a, flask— a defence against any' devils of madness I might ,self evplve:* I tramped along, hardly con scious of my progress, until I , struck a tramway; 'built by my uncle to carry logs [and cut ' timber in pro-railway days, over .a [stretch 'of [rough and hilly country.,' It threaded its way for miles th^ongn 'the , listening foirest, bridgirig ii creek, .fringing1 a; hill; and keeping its level by numerous windings along the stagnant swariips. of slow, backwaters. Messmate riionarchs, leaned majestically over it, and sometimes cast a blossom or a . branch upon -its rails. The orange creeper trailed its tendrils over the sup ports; and the wild sarsaparilla clung iri1 matted rietwork to the trussels. The moon had', risen,' , arid shafts of her mellow light found a.lazy way across my track.; y ;r! glanced down mechanically from) a culvert on the tramway, tod .saw a black band of sluggish water creeping underneath. I kriew then that another horir would' land me safely hoirie at Wamberall. ' In those old days the mills sent all their sawdust down a handy stream, dammed at ' its: source arid locked in order to get a, freshet of. sufficient force to carry away the powdery refuse. Over this stream the mill was'.built, and for miles .arid miles vegetation was blighted and the landscape was tortured: into a semblance Of spongy plumbago liued desolation. Horses with a barked fetlock, stepping into a mass of the putrefying; substance which had once formed the flesh of messmate, or, of grey glim, were' poisoned, straight away, arid ad to be put in the stable hospital with swollen' leas;; a'rid' ofteri with raw and repulsive. Festering 'ulcers. From this, source our loss of horse flesh' grew to be' so' great that the sawdust was no longer allowed thus 'to ' be disposed of. - The mischief ' had, however, been done, and years .'would elapse before1 the stagnant soil sweetened.', itself again. ' But' the refuse ' .which poisoned the stream was ?only the [mullock created; by the vertical: The circular fed a salmdri-hu'ed pyramid of its', own: .' For years 'and years it grew arid grew, 'till it towered liigh aB:a hill from the level ground., ; In its centre stood a giant gum, long since dead from the 'soakage which drained; from the corpse-matter of [niany thousands of his brothers. , ' This gum was gaurit,. grim,' spectral. ' He pointed his white Dony fingfers at the Bunrise and taunted the settirig moon with a depressed digit of1 derision. _ At about thirty feet from the' summit of : tlie mound jutted abruptly a Bingle limb— a gallows on' a Golgotha, a veritable vegetable, night mare — licked by the moonbeams into weird suggestiyeness. All 'aroutid that mound was the; country blasted. Trees withered and^died, and the grass refused to grow on the ground sodden with the expressed essence of many years of forest lifei.v # ''?# ., '?''''[ ' I -had \vantlored along' the tramway, occupied with an ever-recurring circle'of sombrest thoughts/, and utterly, uriconr scious - of my whereabouts, when , sud denly. I found myself on the platform of, the saw, mill. . On my right was a stack of pickets. ;Yori iny left the deep shadow cast across the .road bv the Golgotha of saw-dust and its -g!illows. gum. The summit of the 'riioundigleamed salriion red in the moonlight; the. gaunt withered tree lifted[ aloft wtiite, skeleton arms; and bony ;, fingers, ; invoking vengeance on the heads of his destroyer. Beneath the gibbet ; arm .'stood.-.5 some- thing blackly outlined, and a red' spot glowed and waned rhythmically a-man'd height from the summit of the mound.' I stood still. I watched and waited. Presently a man came into the moon lighfrf-a man. in conventional evening dressland opera hat, a Bond Street cape over his shoulders — smoking a cigar. I felt for my flask; it was empty, and savagely and silently I dropped it on the ground. The man walked to the edge of the mound's flat top and back again to ;the . withered gallows gum. He hummed an air, from some late London frivolity, and leaning his back against the 1 tree smoked his '[.cigar with the satisfied gusto, of a gourmet. It was Paul Damond. My God! How I hated him ! . ,. . . * . .*;. * * * ' 'Hhrdly cdiiecious of what I did, I snatched a heavy picket frorii the top of .tlie 8tack. It was a formidable weapon, four feet six inches 111' 'length, three inches in width, arid an inch thick. It was rieWly'cut, green, and leaderi with sap, with' the close grain of a matured messriiate. How well I remember every detail connected with it, though I was not conscious, theri of. rioting anything. I [remember' tliat it had tlio odour of port wine, and that its point, was serrated by the teeth Of the saw. Ariried with this picket, I berit almost double arid slowly, witli the hang-dog furtive movements, of an assassin, slunk in the shadowacross the road, and crept, still in the 'shadow, up the sawdust-strewn plank pathway used by the barrow-boys to wheel; their loads. I' glared, like a. wolf watching his predestined prey, over tlie edge of the mound's flat top; and tlieri cautiously, very cautiously, with ' th6 swiftness of sudden death and the silence .of the grave, I rushed upon my mari' arid b£at liis brains out before he co^ld as much aa squfsak. .', ? ,',I :wasi on the broad of my back. Somebody had a hand 011 my heart. I, could: see 1 the moon, but my face was in the. shadow. Eyes -looked into -mine, and I; made out; tho dim outline of. a face., It was ,' Mad Frank.' A year or so before he had been struck down by a; broken branch whilo tree, felling. ,1 it was who had rescued, him and tended him through a long illness.:! He never recovered his_ wits, but his sense of personal gratitude to me remained in delible. All apart, iri a solitary littlo hut on the swamp edge,, he lived among - the tea-trees and the night mists, and prowled tho bush liko a dingo .when all other men Ayere lorig abed. . ; 'I staggered to. riiy. feet and dazedly looked irOund . My eyes sought some- . thing— sqm'ething horrible ; I knew not . what. Sudden ly .my .glance fell on the rigid forrii of Paul Damond. I fottpred towards it, and] kneeling down upon, tlio ; sawdust with the corpso, repeated tho pantomime, recently-performed by Mad Frank with referonco ito myself; Tho half-wit followed mej and then, snatch ing' up tlio picket with, which my mad act had; been committed, .began to dig furiously into tho. sawdust, turning it over ' with savage ; haste, ? Quickly I caught . his meaning,, and helped him ? witn; both hands to burrow a grave in the soft sawdust. .. ? * » ; *';;:'[ ' The moon was waning when I stumbled across tho threshold of the hut by the swamp-edge to snatch an hour or .two of Bleep. Back to Brereton I must tramp, and that immediately. I must 'prove an alibi, and my short absence from the hotel — perhaps not even suspected — would- be ascribed to the irresponsible action of a- man wandering about ' in a - semi- delirium, caused by drink. ; Of Mad Frank's fidelity I entertained' no doubt.' His loyalty was dog-liko in its-trustfulriess. In my own ability to carry the matter through to the bitter end I had tho fullest confidence, ? come what ' might afterwards.' Strange to say, a curious restfulness possessed me. My mind was clear arid calm'. The mad confusion of the past few months had . gone. I felt serene, almost . insanely at peace with myself and all the world. And all came about as I had foreseeri. . A short sleep, a cold douche; and a boiling billy of tea restored me to a keen awakefulneBS. Soon was ^retracing my steps, mylrame knit and vigorous, my: mind clear as crystal, and my will as stern a? granito. I was, however, careful not to allow my ' recovery '.to be apparent.- I dragged a seemingly weary, dejected form into tho bar of the Brereton Arms .and asked vaguely for., a drink of something to put me right. For three days I remained in Brereton recuperating, - On Thursday morning: I- saddled : my horse and took the road for- Wamberall. , The railway depot was two miles from the town, and there, just as I. was riding over, the rails, :I was hailed by my undo. He came towards me with a senile gait, and: his ? face was strangely haggard and drawn. . . : ' ' ? ' 'You received my letter, Ralph ?' lie queried, in low, piteouB accents. ' ' No, uncle,' I replied. '' Yes, yes ; of course not,' ho went on. 'You have been looking for poor, dear Paul, like all the: rest of lis'. But go back, Ralph. ' Go back and copifort Elsie.;- Poor girl, ;God knows she needB ' comfort— needs it sorely.' ? 'I sympathised aB well as I could- but of course I was anxious to be away. [However, ; I learnt,' without committing [myself; [that the whole countryside was ,out scouring the bush on horeoback and on foot for the missing, riiain, I1 spurred, on to Wamberall, and found everything in confusion. The : , Baw mills ; were silent; the bush' around resounded no longer, to' the feller's ' axe ' and the teamster's whip. It' was like the funeral [of. the, usurper Man in th'6 JMghtful domain of 'Nature.1 At the homestead doctor and nurses were installed, for[ my cousin Elsie Was stricken with an attack of brain fever. Strange it' was, how- [ ever, that no one was surprised at tho disappeararice;.of;, Paul, Dainorid.. . He was a 'new chum.' He,'i liould go wandering away at night, when every- , ' body was abed, smoking and takiri'g the air. He had been seen by men engaged 'burning off '' in various -places distant from- the. homestead. It was just what might have been expected ; and there were so many deserted old shafts in the neighbourhood. Why, old diggings stretched- for mileB around. But Air. Damond was an Englishman, and he thought that Englishmen knew every thing.--' He would never take advice ; of course ,' riot! And so the matter of his disappearance gradually faded into an old bush tale. \ 'My uncle never recovered from the blow; although riiy cousin Elsie did, but with her memory so impaired that Paul paihond's' ''visit' -was to her only the fiintesfv of ; fairit .'remembrances. In course of : time ahe , became my wife. My, uncle died,: arid,' I inherited .not only hisfwealth, but his honours also'.. There ?seemed no-litnit to my success; but of true happiness I have never tasted sirice that awful riight of jealous madness and bloody crime. My boys and girls— 'children of wlfom anyiparont might well beVproud— love ,me; yet they . fear me also, juat ' as my dear dead 'Elsie loyed a.nd feared trie;, just as good old Werner loveB and fears ' me to this day. 'Before I close 'this note ' I- -must record tho receipt rdf a Jetter from my manager at Wamberall, Richard W erner. -He stated that he had been peremptorily ordered by the authorities to cart away and burn all-tlie accumulated sawdust around the millB; that tlie work was carried out, and the old Golgotha mound literally carted away by the waggon load and burnt, with much trouble, in the bed of ari old diverted watercourse. From the moment the; work of carting away arid burning was begun the mound was haunted by Mad Frank, who watched the process day by day. At last; close by, the . gum I called the . gallows tree, one morning, just after . beginning operations, one , , of the.' shovellers fished out a gold, Watch and ; chain.. The \vatch- case' tore' the initials, ' P.D.,' .but no one knew anything about that mark' of ownership excepting only Werner,' who had' ;tak^n. charge; of the lorig- buried1, property., ,. Early as .it, was, Mad Frank was already at his post of - observation, and when' the incriminating trinkets [ were found, tlio poor fellow dashed into the bush arid made for his . hut by the swamp edge. There, after- : 'wards, was, his skeleton found in the ashes of the olid, shanty, 'which, he, had . evidently set ..on. ..fir'o. . But [ariotlier skeleton was also found there, arid some rings, which were,, indentified as be longing to that . dead Paul 'Djvmbnd of my jealous youtli. Tlie faithful lunatic : must have abstracted that grisly skele ton piecemeal, for .aave the watch and chain riot a vestige remained of the murdered man in the'spwduBt heap. I , curtly . .fcdunselle'd, Werner, fpr family1,; reasons, , to let the mystery remain a mystery still. SdmetijneB, I wish I had; not sought to hide riiy.pririie.. I do not know: lam an unhappy Wretch,'', : ;., ,. : ./.[: . THK END. - ?['?'? 