FARM AND DAIRY By R.D. CROPS IN THE GOULBURN VALLEY. Last week, while acting as judge of wheat crops for the Kumurkali Agricultural So ciety, I was afforded an excellent oppor tunity of familiarising myself with the pros pects of the harvest in that important grain growing section of the state. I am pleased to say that the impression conveyed to my mind was a very satisfactory one. Speaking generally, the crops are really excellent, and it is questionable if prospects were ever quite so good on any previous occasion, taking area into consideration. A very large area has been sown, some cultivators having from 800 to 900 acres under crop, while numbers of farmers have from 300 to 400 acres. The growth has been remark able. In most instances the crops are as high as the fences, while in not a few cases they are at least a foot higher. The heads are large, well formed, and full of grain, and the majority of crops are now so far ad vanced that they are safe from any adverse influence except storms. Here and there fields of late-sown crops were met with, in which rust on the stem could be detected, but these were very few, and it is quite un likely now that the yield for the district will be materially reduced by the prevalence of tliis plague. In any case, the losses will be confined to the late-sown crops, of which the percentage seems to be smaller than usual. Crops that were likely to yield over seven bags per acre were met with during my tour, ana very few crops that will yield less than three bags per acre were noticed. The yield would nave been a record one were it not for the fact that wild oats and other rubbish are present to a very objec tionable extent in most fields. This must necessarily interfere with the yields, because so much of the ground is occupied bv growth that returns no profit. Another factor in reducing the average is the number of "whiteheads"' that are present in every crop. These produce no grain whatever, but they have the effect of making it look much better than it really is to the super ficial observer. PRECAUTIONS AGAINST FIRE. Throughout the whole of the Goulburn Valley one is truck by the noticeable ab sence of stock in the paddocks. The grass is waving like a cornfield, but there is no thing to eat it off, the exception being to find a few head of cattle or a flock of 6heep in a paddodck, where they are half-hidden by the wealth of vegetation around them. This extremely regrettable circumstance is, of course, owing to the drought, which caused the death of so many cattle last year. If stock could be obtained at a reasonable price, and in sufficient number to utilise the pasture, very large profits could be made out of the giass; but as it is the growth cannot be profitably utilised, and it will be a grave menace to the safety of the whole district later on. When grass is abundant there is always a dancer from bush-fires, and landholders in the Goulburn Valley will be very fortunate this summer if they are not called upon to deal with a Dumber of serious conflagrations. Fortunately, the majority are fully alive to this probability, and precautions nave been taken to confine an outbreak of fire to as small an area aB possible. In several localities farmers have formed themselves into associations, each one undertaking to plough fire-breaks around his holding, along roadsides, around homestead, stacks, &c.; Each member of an association has given a promise that in the event of a fire breaking out he will im mediately abandon -whatever work he and his men may be engaged in, and at once ren der all the assistance in his power to keep it from spreading. By hearty co-operation of this kind, and oy burning off all the grass on the roads as a precautionary measure, the danger from fire will be minimised to a large extent. That outbreaks will occur goes without saying. They invariably takfe place in a season of plenty, like the present, and it would be absurd to expect immunity on this occasion. It is, therefore, reassur ing to find that landholders are taking more than usual precautions. , NECESSITY FOR SILAGE, In Bulletin No. 8 of the Agricultural de partment, Dr. Cherry publishes an interest ing article on the "Modern Silo." The subject is dealt with in a practical manner, and veiy complete details are given of the construction of the silo, according to the latest modern ideas, the best mode of fill* ing, and the crops that are suitable for con servation. In regard to the necessity for silage, Dr. Cherry says:-"Animals which chew the cud differ from all other classes, in requiring their food comparatively juicy and bulky. Their digestive apparatus is formed to suit this kintF of food. Hence the cow or bullock cannot thrive exclusively on dry food as well bb a horse. In Victoria, it is almost the invariable rule that green food completely disappears from December till the autumn rains, when in many districts it happens that there is little green grass for six or eight months in succession. In the northern areas there is ofteu abund ance of trefoil grasses and self-grown crops going to waste in October and November. In the south, the maize crop cannot be eaten by the dairy herd as fast as it ma tures. Any method by which these green fodders can be preserved in the succulent condition ift well worth the attention of the i farmer. It will enable him to utilise his ? hay and straw to advantage, and carry his stock through periods of drought with com parative ease. By a combination of dry and succulent food the largest amount of nutri ment is extracted from both. In some dis tricts green fodder and roots can be grown, and these may take the place of silage, but in all cases it is a great advantage to be abje! to secure the crop just when it is in the best condition, and there is no question ] that, except where irrigation is practicable,! the silo will come to be regarded as indis pensable on every progressive farm." J 