Local and General. NEW.YEAR'S DAY next Friday. Snow meeting next Saturday. CHRISTMAS DAY passed over quietly. SEVERAL fishing parties visited the Mur rumbidgee during the holidays. -, IN our next issue we will present- to our snbscribers oar calendar for 1904. THE wellknown "London0 Bridge" pro perty is advertised for, sale in this issue. SMEssas Moriarty and Co. advertise a sale at Bungendore in this issue. :.MR TED HARRIs was admitted to the hospital last wee} suffering with a bad foot THE traffic on the railways this Christ mas exceeded all previous records. Two valuable canine pets in town fell to the dastardly act of the poison fiend during last week. -'MaR? 4w B. WALKER, Superintendant :-of :Police for the Gou!burn Police District, paid his first official visit to this town last week TaE usual monthly me6ting of the Ehospital Ciommitt'eo will be :xheld: on Friday, January 8th, instead of on next "-CirERpntirs ·havee done c neiderlble harni t??te wheiltorops at BinRed ore, and a rlipdit says that the ?yieldwill .be far short of previous expectations. WE regret to report the death of ,Mr and Mrs T. McDonald's infant which took place onCOhrietrnaii Day. The -remains were in terred in the local c:'emetery the' following day. . . MnsIWALLAcE, Wife of Mr Wallaoe fettler, and who is fairly well known at Queanbeyan, died at Michelago on Boxing Day, and was interred yesaterday in the Miohelago cemetey. OChObriaitmas Eve five of tle local fireman left for Armidalo to, compete in tfie° annual i'ompetition-Firemen:Oantle,, Weir, Land, Brook, and John Byrne,. are -representing this.. brigade. .. , . -?.iR FbosnDkR,Inspelcto General of Police, ,hae'given noticeof his 'retirementibo the 1st January, He- recommends Mr Thomas Garvin, now Assistant Inspector-General of :Police, as his successor. " THE local storekeepers report having done an enormous business during Christmas Eve. We are'pleased to hear this. Why should not our local people patronise the local stores that stand to them during the hlard times when the difference in their pricesaind those of -Sydney are nil ? ON 'last Tuesday evening, prior to his departure to Sydney to be married, Mr. W. E.- Gale, part-proprietor of the jGE, was met at c' llm Grove" by several bof hIis friends and presented with a purse of sovereigns as a mark of the high esteem he is'held in by the:people of this town and district,' T'a'n temperature for the past: few days has-been excessive, in many places in the town 94 degrees was registered yesterday. At the Post Office for thbo preceding five days the'records' are as follows :-Thursday 77 Friday 86, Saturday 85, Sunday 87, and '~lfonday 85.- Several stations throughout 'the'State report over .100 degrees. ON -last Saturday news was rdeceived in Queanbeyan of the death of Mervin Jacobs, a son, and the only child, of Mr. and- ?ie., Jacobs who removed from this town to farylands some long time since: .Mrs Jacobs, it will be remembered, isa da~ghter of Mr. J. J, Wright,'of this town.- The, deceased was about 18 years of age, and death was due to appendicitis. AT the annual fire brigades demonstration, held at Armidale on Saturday, much en:bns insm was aroused by an exhibition given by the " Amazon" brigade, composed of eight local girls. The " Amazon Fire Brigade '' is the only one of its kind in Australia, and the demonstration given by the members excited the favorable comment of metropolitan repre. eentatives. MR O'SuLL?vAN spent Christmas Day in a private. hospital in the City, upon Which day he wrote ¢ very ipteresting letter to the Syd ney press.. By the tone pt the letter the Minis ter for Works was very much touphed with the misery experienced by those confned'to spch iostitutions, and makes several benoevo lent suggestions of ways in which express. ions of sympathy and comfort qay be rendered the infirmed, We learn 'that the cause of his illuess was'thro.gh being obliged to have a;si?all growth remioved from the point of his tongue.. Ar a mooting convened to organiso a bush fire brigado at Narrabundah last Saturday week ft wis decided that Messrs F. Camp hell, P. Steedy, W. Mpore, ej. G, Craco, J. W~llace, and F1. nll;iii ePt ap .irectors of a brigade to be termed the imen'etone Plainis Brigade, which shall operate within the following boundaries:-Froni Earrie'g via Cunningham's to the Red Rookse, hence down the Murrnmbidgee River to its junc ipn with the Ginindarra, then back along the Yaes.Quenbeyan Road to Canberra Post' Ofcee thence along thb.arrabundah foad baok to Iarris'~. Ar about 10 o'olook on Sunday : morning Mr. W. Fox, of Yarralumla, discovered that a bushfirs had arisen about two miles South of Yararlumla homestead, and making.per. sistent endeavours to subdue the flame: found hb was defeated and rode to Bulga Creek where the ipformation was rapidly spread, and in consequence a bap~d of men hastened to the scene. After fightlng the flames; that were fanned by a slight breeze, the fire was got under but not until it had onsuimod sbo?t 4Q acrs of grass. We hear thait the fii?re orjginate.d frqo) a log fence that was fired some time ngo by ?a empployeo on Yarralumla,. AT the Police Court last Tuesd y, as briefly stated in our-last issue, Adam Pator. son, a carpenter, residing generally at Tug granong. was proceeded against by the police for the lgrcupy of eight bananas, valued at eizpA'co, the proporty qf a 0hinesp hJwker, named Jinrmy Ah pee. T''he nformatiqu adducapd went to show that Piterson tokl th fruit from the Chinaman's' part whilst it was standing in Mrfiungerford'eyard, Acoosed rlcaded not guilty and was defended by Mr. Woodward. Fined £2, costs of court 4/10, and one witness's expenseas 5/-. Joseph pose, a foreigner, was fined 10/. and / costs for traqing without his name on his bag, the offeoe being e broach of the Hawkers and Peddlors' Act." Lenewals of hawkers' licenses to J. H. W. Walker, Joseph Abraham, Anthony Abdoo, and John .. Southwell were granted. 