FAR WEST JOTTINGS. BUSH WANDERERS, &c; By C.T. Tramps have certain beats. Some spend their lives 011 the coast routes. From Queensland to West Australia and back they go for years. The same tramp will turn up at the same homestead with the same tale of looking for work. The tramp's ration bags are always empty when be ar rives. This means a little extra job for some station band after hours, to weigh out the rations allowed to sundown visitors— sufficient to carry them on to the next place. While the bags are filling the etation-ouner strolls up to inspect. If he is a kindly man, sometimes he concludes a short interview with a present of tobacco and a hint to shut the gates, A tire twinkling through the trees, by creek or dam, shows where "queerfellow," as some call him, has camped. After dark one of the station hands strolls down to smoke a pipe and get a little news concern ing native dog tracks, bush-fires, or native signal fires observed along the route. At the homestead, on isolated stations, a tramp is exhaustively discussed. Before he has obtained his rations, it has been noticed that he wears some neighbour's old har, his boots are those which were dis carded by some station black ten miles back, llis knife is a 6hear-blade, be Car ries a burning glass, his billy is a meat-tin, and so 011. The cook hopes that the tramp will not steal the nest of goose-eggs in the bush near his camp. In the morning, long before the sheep are let out, or the cook is stirring to get early tea, the tramp is off along his beat, and paddock-keepers look out for gates left open, or bush-fires start ing in the paddocks. Sometimes a tramp dies on the track, leaving little proof, if any, of his identity. One blazing not day a native brought a message into a homestead. It had been written by a kangaroo-hunter camped out side. The charcoal scribble on a piece of white bark ran thus:—"My natif tels me lie seen a ded man in Natif Dog Crek las nite as iic cum to camp, Joe Smith." On hearing this, the overseer's wife, who was young and fond of reading the police news, stopped washing clothes and offered a tin of jam to any native who would guide her to the spot. Native's not curious to see a gruesome sight, so the weekly wasli was continued with regret. The ordinary hands were away with the owner burning scrub. As the native who brought the news could 6pealc very little English, he was kept at the homestead till they returned and he could guide them to where he had seeu the body. JJe told the few civilised natives on the place that it was only a white-fellow. "VA lien the station hands reached the scene they saw ibat the castaway had died from want of water. He had fallen into the bed of a shallow creek and d owned himself in a few inches of salt water. Perhaps lie had been trying to drink while under the influence of sunstroke or a fit. It had been a very dry season. He bad tramped on a long stretch of waterless road, not know ing where to find water other than the usual wayside reserves, which were dry. Finally he had missed the turn-off to the homestead. A magistrate came from the nearest township, and held an inquest, and the incident was forgotten. If remembered at all, it was in connection with the kitchen boy at the station, who, when told that he was to be a witness, and that they were goinof to "sit' on the body, at the home stead. said. "I'll be a witness right enough, but I'll sling my job before I sit on that kvdy.' Guilbert, the little Frenchman, who 1899 walked over a considerable portion of the \N est Australian coast routes, in his wager to tramp round the world, paid us a visit. He carried a light pack rolled in a small calico tent. Well-polished insecti bane tins held his small supplies of butter jam, and tea. He had a hatchet stuck in his belt, and he also carried a wooden mallet for driving in bis tent pegs. Why | the back of the hatchet could not drive in tent pegs puzzled the bush observers, who bad no toleration for unnecessary kit. He had a beard of bright red hair; he wore a khaki suit and a red felt hat. Though speaking but little English, he managed to get good- natured assistance from all the settlers, and at his request they certified to his arrival and departure on foot from their homes. Daily he posted up his diary in flowery French, describing bis small bush bedroom as a charming cabin, and writing elegant things about his valiant hosts and angel hostesses in the bush. On his de parture, after the politest of farewells to all of us, he bowed profoundly to the as tonished natives, who bad assembled to see the last of him. The sundowner, who seems to personify all that is "remote, unfriended, melancholy, slow," has only the charm of the unknown to invest him with a passing interest. Some times a remittance man takes to tramping. From one place to another he goes through the length and breadth of the district. Pass ing from shepherds' camps to kangarooers' camps, be is taken in occasionally at a farm or homestead. For the sake of bis bright chat and stories, he is tolerated for a little while till bis lazy gaiety jars on the busy folk. Then, under pretext of going pros pecting or exploring, he jogs along on his way, perhaps mounted on a broken-down nag. With what he saves out of his drink ing account, he keeps himself in decent clothes, or perhaps wears an English tailor made suit sent to him by devoted relatives. Gentry of liis kind eke out a living with their conversational powers and distribution of bush gossip, where daily papers are not. They are equally at home in the parlour or the hut, and are always welcome if any conviviality is on, such as a bush wedding . or a race meeting. Intemperance and a lazy life do not improve them. As an old • ; cook assured me, "They are none the bet . ter for kcqping." ' This old cook had himself carried his , ewag many times, generally getting employ ment at a shearing shed for a few weeks, and tramping for the rest of the year. When : asljied by a station-owner if he could cook, * ";i»§taaid that he could poison shearers as -...spffias the rest of them, and promptly got \- a. job.' He turned out to be a fine cook, but imt&ble; and quarrelsome. He was a half-: yrtited old feVow, and a butt for all jokers, i Htsbrownies were light, and his bread be- j , jyonil reproach; yet to tease him everyone grumbled. He dumped down a fine sea-, pjf before the men one day saying:—"That's nt for Queen Victoria, and-' the first man trap says it isn't, let hiin come outside, and take his phiri off." JNdne tpok iA^he chal Jepge.eohe thumped one of . the young nawe pieker^tto^- whpm-to caught fltealing cold pi utft duff froin the safe. At night he wail' sevehelybittefi by bml-dpg anta/wmch She eppks ehake-dovra. . Tlus emlpd : tlm ca;g tr&ct;, for as soon as he was able id waj|k|ie ehouldeidd Ms swag gad 