News, Notes, and Comments. The Australian Agricultural Company has declared a dividend of 25s. A concrete weir, costing £500, will be put in hand at once at Cudal, in the MoloDg district. Adaminaby has opened a School of Arts in tem porary premises. Dr. Cassidy is honorary secretary. A fire destroyed the house of Mr. E. Gardney, of Cabanandra, near Delegate. The property was in sured. Efforts are being made to induce the North Coast districts to form associations to procure a reform of the timber regulations. At a sale of Looinbah-bied rams at Molong 142 were purchased for Currawong station, Monaro. Prices went to 10 guineas. A number of frozen pigs imported from America and purchased for local bacon-curing purposes'have reached Lismore in good order. A shipment of sugar from Java has arrived at Freniautle, and it is believed the island can compete with Australim-grown sugar. The Public school at Nangus, near Guiidagai, was destroyed by fire under suspicious circumstances last week. An inquiry will be held. New Zealand agricultural statistics show that there are 107,014 acres more in corn than last year, 288,546 acres more in grass, and 5320 acres in orchards. At Lyons, one of the principal fat stock shows in France, the King of Great Britain won three first prizes for three lots of sheep and a second prize for a pig. __ A meeting of the Queanbeyan Pastures and Stock Board was held last week. The half-yearly balance sheet showed a credit balance at the end of Decem ber of £201. Pumping operations ceased last week in connection with Wollundine Lagoon, near Wagga, the volume of water being raised by over 3ft. since pumping commenced. Caterpillars made their ap2)earance in and around Moruya last week. The Mayor had the grass in the s «-amp reserve near the town set fire to, as it is swarmed with them. The stock returns for Narrandera are :— Horses 3175, cattle 3404, sheep 332,029. Compared with 1891 these totals show a decrease of 1603 horses, 59H cattle, 621,633 sheep. The alteration in the times of the Balranald Swan Hill coaches will cause much inconvenience. Mails leaving Balranald on Saturday will lie at Swan Hill for nearly 30 hours. The Minister for Lands in Western Australia is considering the suggestion of Mr. Crouch, M.P. , that drought- affected settlers in the Mallee country should settle in Western Australia. Several cases of horse-stealing were heard on Friday at the Tamworth Quarter Sessions. Sen tences of one month and two months respectively were given in two cases. The stock returns for Gundagai are : — 13,457 horses, 44,794 cattle, 1,129,260 sheep. Last year!s returns totalled 14,262 horses, 52,706 cattle, and 1,222,271 riieep. Isaac Walker, selector on Mullengudgery Btation, near Dubbo, committed suicide last week. De ceased was found lying in a street at Dubbo with a bullet wound in his breast. A portion of the shipment of Calcutta bones caused the 'outbreak of anthrax in the Southland of New Zealand. The bacillus was traced also on a portion sent to Canterburye A London cable of 2nd instant states that heavy floods have occurred in Scotland, the result of a rain lasting 50 hours. There have been great losses of cattle and other stock in Northern Perthshire. At the Moss Vale Police Court, John Dowling was fined £2 and costs under the Cattle Slaughtering and diseased Animals Act, for neglecting to remove and destroy by fire an animal which had died at Exeter. The annual meeting of the Machine Shearers and Shed Employees' Union was held last week at the Queen's Hall, Pitt-street. As at the meeting of the A. W. U., the press was not admitted, A I I satisfactory balance sheet was tabled. Thb sub« Ecription for 1903 was fixed at 7s Gd for shearers and 5b for Bhed hands. Mr. William Crazier, of Moma station, neat: Wentworth, visited the town last week after an absence of over 16 years. A hearty welcome was tendered him by the townspeople, the Mayor presiding. Bushfires are raging round the Bulahdelah district. Mr. P. M'Grath's estate has been burnt out, and the homestead narrowly escaped destruction. The Boolambayte Hills are ablaze, and the grass is destroyed for miles. The Bullamon woolshed, near St. George, was totally destroyed by fire on Friday last. About 480 bales of wool and 32,Wolseley machines were also destroyed.1 The origin of the fire is unknown. A caretaker was in charge. A fire broke out in Walker's paddocks, near Dungog, and shortly after one in R. Moylan's pad dock, where there was long grass. The fire swept the paddock bare. There was a big fire also on the hills and at Dog Trap and Fosterton. A London cable of last week states that the Admi ralty has notified that it will shortly invite tenders for canned meat for the navy. Packers who are not already on the official list are reuquested to send samples and appoint agents in London. The New Zealand Government is acquiring the Mell ourne estate at Hawke's Bay, comprising over 20,000 acres, at £4 18s ; also Flaxbourne estate, Marlborough, comprising 56,000 a^res, under the Laud Settlements Act. Menindie will petition the Minister for Public Works to carry out work for the conservation of water in the lakes between Menindie aud Broken Hill. The Minister is expected to vieic Broken Hill, aud a deputation will meet him there. On the Kennedy River, Queensland, a number of men are said to be in a starving condition, having been several days living on scurfy grass. As the rivers are all in flood, it is feared that the police will have trouble in reaching them with supplies. Mr. R. M'Donald, a member of the Western land Board, left Sydney for Adelaide last Friday. He will, with Mr. 'Wade (Engiueer-in-Chief for^Sewer age Construction), inspect the lake system of the Darling River, as well as the Great Anabranch. Efforts arc being made at Raymond Terrace to in duce the Government to allow the boring plant now engaged here in ? boring on the bridge pita to test Miller's Forest for water. During the dry seasons stockowners have great difficulty in getting water for stock. The attention of the Government having been drawn to the necessity of giving the Treasurer or some leading officer of the Treasury branch, a voice in the deliberations of the Advances to Settlers Board, it will iu the course of this week consider the matter. A son of Mr. Brotherton, a farmer near Bombala, met with a tenous accident on Sunday through being thrown off his horse. His feet becaine entangled in the stirrup iron, and he was dragged fully 100 yards before it got free. He is now in a critical con dition. Mr. Walter Bartlett, of Silverhope, New Zealand (says the ' Hunterville Express '), has just clipped 21701b. of wool from a small nock of 123 sheep, which is an average of 171b. lOoz. This is, we think, about the record f yr the colony, and would be a very good average for rams. The Angora goafs, which -the New Zcalani Government imported from South Australia have be come thoroughly acclimatised iu the Wellington dis trict. Many settlers are anxious to secuTe some of them, but the Government is not disposed to sell at present, being desirous of breeding up a larger herd. At a recent meetiug held at Drysdale, near Co rowa, the question of throwing opeu travelling stock reserves between Daysdale arid Corowa-, was dis cussed, and it was decided to ask the department that the travelling stock route and forest reserve should be made available for selection. In trying a man for stealing, one of the excuses made by the pusoner was that the shearing last year was bad. ' Well,' said Judge Rogers, ' we have seen how the shearers behaved last season when the drought was on. They don't command my sympathy and I care not if the whole world knows it.' The Broken Hill police received information on. Thursday last that a boundary rider had dis covered the body of a swagman about seven miles from Netley homestead, near Thackaringa. A few mouths ago some clothes and a billy can with the name Bourke scratched on it was found neac the place where the body on Thursday was found. From the ' American Sheepbreeder 'we learn that the American steamer Tartar Prince was burned at at sea. Wright, Cantwell, and Co., the well-known sheep breeders lose 52 sheep and C. R. WitheraU 60 sheep and 2 cattle. The stock was only partially insured. The sheep were on their way to Bouta Africa and were a very fine collection of Merinos* Two hundred and fifty acres of alluvial land, situated between West and East Tamworth, sub fli Tided into 44 farms, ranging iti areas from 14 acres down to two acres, were sold last week. The record prise of £61 10s per acre was obtained for land which was unimproved, it being part of the Feel River Land and Mineral Company's estate, and suitable for lucerne and tobacco growing. The numbers of cattle and sheep that have reached England from Ireland last year are in every way re markable (says tlie London ' Meat Trdfd.es' Jour nal '). The'.t'.tal of 893,814 heart of cattle imported over the first 1 1 mouths is as much as 297,395 in ex cess of the corresponding total a year ago. Moreover, .it already beats the highest annual total on record, or '-||rtajnly for the last 20 years. The' Government overshot dam at Marsdens, which was completed last year at a cost of £1125 and was badly needed, is now full, and backs the water up the Bland Creek about three miles from 5ft. to 6ft deep, giving an ample supply for the town and travelling stock below the dam. The creek is a dry bed. The flood iu December filled the dam and rose 3ft. above the weir. Mr. W. P. Reeves, the Agent-General for New Zealand, has represented to the War Office that the Australasian companies hare been unable to obtain forms in time to tender for the supply of meat to the troops in South Africa. He wrote that he hoped that in future conditions of contract aud tender form3 would be available early enough to enable the colo nial companies to tsrider direct. A meeting held at Katunga, Victoria, on Saturday adoptd xesolutions strongly advocathig the construc tion of the Cumberoona reservoir aud Bungo wannah weir as a joint, work with .New South Wales, and urging the Minister for Water Supply to have trial surveys of the country lying between, the Murray, Ovens, 'Broken, and Goulburu rivers, to ascertain the irrigable area that would be commanded by the off-take froin the Murray. The secretary of the U.S. Board of Agriculture has stated that the animal products in a year amount to £180,000,000 in the United States. The dairies amount to £94,400,000. The export last year of Jive auimals and animal products abroad was £48,800,000. Within two months the Government, ?with the assistiince of the State authorities, expected to have every infected animal located or destroyed, and disease either virtually eradicated or well in hand for treatment. The following notification appears in the 11 Government Gazette' :— ' When the crops have failed in any district through the drought, and it is necessary for seed wheat to be procured, the fol lowing rates will be charged : —In 6-ton lots, per four-wheeled truck, half miscellaneous rates ; in smaller lots, minimum 2 tons, naif ' A ' rates. The reduced rate will only bo allowed when it is de clared by the consignor on the consignment note that the wheat has been sold for seed purposes.' A mob of 3000 sheep, travelling from Hargraves to Belaringar, and trucking at Wellington, arrived four miles out of town last week and camped in a paddock, the property of Dr. Barker, at Ap3ley Hill. It is surmised that the sheep picked up some poisonous weed, as in a very short time about five hundred were poisoned and a'great number died in stantly. The balance were quickly removed, and being in strong coudition are apparently all right. The sheep are the property of Mr. Campbell, of Belaringar station, and drover Dennis is in charge. Four bullocks were killed in New Zealand the other day at the Lougburn Freezing Works, which (the ' Wangariui Herald ' says) were of a record weight. Three were four-year-olds aud one was a year younger, and the weights were 13281b., 12201b, . 11881b., and 11821b. When frozen they weighed out an average of 11941b., the carcases having an average of 94lb. of loose fat on the inside of each. The most interesting point about the cattle was that from the time they left their mothers up to the time they were killed they were fed entirely on Itangi tikoi pasture, the animals not having tasted turnip, hay, or any other special fodder. Two of the bul locks took first prizes iu their class at the Palmerstoa North Show. At a meeting of the Stock and Pastures Protection Board, Narrabn, the following resolutions were unanimously carried :— ' That the member for the district be written to, urging upon him the advisability of the Minister submitting to the various stock boards the names of applicants for the position of stock inspectors whenever such ap pointments are made by him ; ' ' That the attention of the Minister for Lands be drawn to the fact that the Narrabri barrier fence from Yarradool to Narrabri has been broken down in many places by fallen trees, and that- the conti actor should be com pelled to have the same repaired before the fence is passed by the department and handed over to the rabbit board. ? At a meeting of settlers at Forbes on Saturday, the following resolutions were passed : That 'it is of opinion that the Advances to Settlers Act should be so amended as to make homestead and settlement lease holders obtain progressive advances upon such improvements of their holdings, as clearing, ploughing, tank- sinking, fencing, &c;, thus affording much needful relief, and enabling the cultivation of large areas. That owing to the continued drought, during which time conditional purchase holders here were com pelled to effect mortgages to buy fodder for starving stock, the Government should save the, conditional purchase holders and the settlement lessees fiom the threatened annihilation by legislating to prevent tanks and financial institutions from closing upon mortgagees for a term of, say, 10 years, provided interest is met. That si eps snoud be taken to prevent such holdings being sold at less than their improved value. Following on Mr. Seddon's complaints regarding the inability of colonial firms to tender for the Im perial Army meat contract in South Africa, Lord Kanfurly has received the following cable from the Deputy Governor of Johannesburg, dated 28th in stant :— '? The matter of the meat contracts is en tirely in the hands of the military. Have received the following from the General Officer Commanding : ' Owing to the War Office not having settled the Gape Colony military stations, tho tender forms for the meat contract were delayed. Copies were posted to New Zealand on December 22, as soon as printed, and a cable message was sent on December 18 sug gesting that agents in South Africa should be in structed to tender in South Africa. This can still be done. Regret it is impossible to extend the time of tendering, as the new tenders must begin on April 1. A full explanation has been given to Mr. Chamber lain, and lias been cabled home.' ' ' A representative Government party met the Boer delegates at Southport aud brought them on to Brisbane. The delegates were very much im pressed with the capabilities, agricultural and dairying, of the northern districts. Generally speak ing, they do not think Australian methods of farming improvements on those in South Africa, nor do they consider, except in a few cases, that the im plements in use are very maca superior^ but they realise that Australians have much better methods of marketing produce. From what they have seen so far they _ consider the best sheep and the best dairy cattle ia Australia are very much superior to those in the Transvaal. They'' are unfavourably impressed with the homes of ' Australian farmers compared with those iu South Africa. In Aus tralia- a man, though he may be in a position to employ cash, does not build himself a good or a lasting residence, as farmers who are well off in variably do in South, Africa. 