WITH, WHOH ARE INCORPORATED Queanbeyan Times, Bungendore Mirror & CaDtain's Flat Miner. : .FRIDAY,: DEOES1BER 4, 1903. \- ,+ g _ , - Local and General. T?a:' on is invaded by a poet of butterflies.; T'm E English'cricketers begin the first test. match at Sydney next Friday. TEE State Parliament has been prorogued ;:.till!January 12th. TimnR inches of rain fell within a .hour at Moss Vale on Monday. S Tma monthly meeting of the hospital was proceeding when we went: to press. A GENERAL meeting of the members of the Working Mon's Club is to be held -to-night. .MR. AUsTIN OCHaiPMAN goes in unopposed. The nominations closed last night at 12 o'clook. . IN the cricket metch-the Englishmen v. the Queensland- Eleven-the former were victorious by six wickets. AT Goulburn stock sales on: Wednesday, .best store wetbers realised 12/10, while fate fetched from 13/7 to 15/6. TI hail storm last Monday did great damage at Yass, Gohlburn, and Gundagai. Mr. Argyle MaoaCllum estimates his loss at £200. A sALL, and supper, the proceeds of which will be devoted " towards augmenting the funds of the Gininderra cricket club is shortly 'to be held. Mn. Ram, of the Sutton Hotel, informs us that a movement is mooted in that part to organise a sports meeting in the near Inture. BorT candidates who are contesting Moree in the by-election are in f.avour of re. .:duotioin of members of the State Parliament. Mr. E. COLLETrr won the big picture pre. sented by the Rev. Mr. White in connection :with the bazaar. The picture is a tainting. from the brush of the donor. SEVERAL bushfires in various parts of the State have already occurred. In. Warri, Temora, Wagga, and many other places fire brigades have been formed. Miss SmVIA BLAOCKSTON's Sydney friends met at the Hotel Australia last week and decided to give the young contralto a fare \- well concert prior to her departure for Europe IN connection with -the strange death of William Hetherington at Kiandra, Mrs Hetherington has been arrested on a charge of wilfully poisoning her hunsband; AT the Central Police Court yesterday, Tosephine Hunter, 18, described as a servant was charged with having, on November 3, `_1908, at Hyde Park, murdered her son Albert Hunter, aged about 5 months. Tizu funeral of the late Dean Pownall cok place at 9 a.m. on Tuesday morning, the remains being interred alongside those of the late Bisllop Thomas, in the grounds of 8. Savioutr's Cathedral, Goulburn. 4 ." .:... L'. :. E . . - AT the lands office during the week. Mr Lawrence Lonogboe, of CaptaiLi's Flat, applied for a o I of 206 acres in the parisb, of Ballalaba, and county of Murray. Mn MILLARD, the State Reform candidate for the. Qneanbeyan electorate, will pro bably not address the electors in the various centres previously announced till next January. A caBcxaET match between teams represen ting the Gundaroo and Gininderra Clubs was played at Gmninderra on Saturday last; and after a close and exciting finish resulted in a win for the home team by two runs. Mn. J. 1. Woore, who retired from his position of City Coroner of Sydney last lMon day, was Police Magistrate for Queanbeyan from 1883 to 1888. He was appointed to his retired position in 1889. Mn. ANDERsoN, has returned from his South Coast tour and has again taken-up his duties in the bank of N. S. Wales. During his month's holidays Mr. Anderson drove his own buggy over 700 miles, having visited Bombala and nearly all towns on the coast as far north as the borders of the Sboalhaven district, and returned via Braidwood. TH- hail storm of last week did a consid erable amountof domage to the maize crops in this district. In. many instances the stalks were completely denuded of their leaves. Reports from various parts say the wheat crops suffered slightly but in no cases to any great extent. Mn Jons NoaTor has been making a name for himself in the northern State. At Mackay last Monday, John entered a dining room, apparently. in a delirious condition, flourishing a revolver,and causing complete conternation amongst the boarders and servants. He. then went outside and disoharged the weapon in the street. A further report says-that be had been con fined to his room for some time owing to a serious indisposition, his medical attendant forbidding him to address a public meeting. It is not known whether the anthorities will take any action. Ms. B J. GROGAN, has tendered his resig nation of his candidature for the Werriwa electorate. He objects to the nomination of Mr. Barrett, who is fighting in the interests of the Labor party, and says his platform and that of the Labor candidate are practically in advocacy of the same principles. " The contest," says he, " has lost its character, and degenerated into a campaign, of misre presentation." Barrett and Conroy are the two surviving candidates. .THE approaching visit of the great Medicine Man and faith dealer, Mr Dowie has received practical confirmation. He has made application for the use of the Sydney Town Hall which was hired for him at a price of £2165. It will be as well to remember that this sum together with many more hundreds, the cost of the journey for himself and his retinue to Australia will come out of the pockets of his audiences. Dr Dowie is not the sort of man to make gospel trips at a pecuniary disadvantage. " My advice to the electors," said Cardinal Moran to an interviewer in Melbourne, " is that they should pay no attention whatever to extremists, and an exhortation I would address to the people is to observe the Latin maxim to triumph over evil by a display of ·. ;· . :°: · everything that is good but true patriots and those best able to guide; and I hope they will record their votes the destiny of the nation." CnxOxar.-The following players have been selected to play against Dnntroon on Satuday at 2 p.m. :-Car-Boyd, Jeffreys, Collett, Hill, Hungerford, MoPherson, Wood ward, Sullivan, Garraway, Fell, O'lsalon, and Land." WoorL SAeis :-Mossre Winchicombe Carson and Co., wired on Wednesday as fallows :-We sold to-day Paterson's wool, from Burrows, for .13;d"; Adelong 12d ; Martin's, Bowning, lid ; Barton's, Frog more, lld ; Thomson's lid ; George Davia, Murrumhateininan" 11d ; MoManns,' Mud gee, 10"d ;-Molnness', Cowra, 10i; Gros venor's, Gunning, 101d ; NIorton's, Rye Park,. 11d ; John Southwell's,Qneanbeyan, Sid;and othber lots at equally go-l. prices. A MAN' SAwN TEROUGIn :-Philip Cor nish, a cordial manufacturer at Tungamab, met with a horrible death whilst at work on Monday morning. He was- working. at a saw- bench, the wood being loaded into drays immnediately on its being sawn into lengths. -A horse attached to a dray backed in too far, throwing Cornish- forweri on- the revolving saw, which outhim tihrough to the backbone, severing his 'lunga, liver, and iitestiiies. lbath ensued half .an . our afterwards, the victim retaiining conscous ness to the end. He was; aged: habout 44 years, and. leaves a widow and !five young children. . MovUr KEMBLA ART' IUxroir :-During last year.an art union was held Jn aid of the Mount KeImbla'Disaster Fund. Four motor cars were offered by the promoters and trustees, the latter of whom included five labor members' of parliament.- The drawing took-place, and the cars were'delivered to the winning tic!ket-holders. At a niceting of the Sydney Council, the Lord Mayor, as pr-' sident and hon." treasurer of the fund, in answer to a question stated that not only had he not received a farthing, but he had more than once expressed himself strongly abbut the management of the art union. He had reason to believe there' vas"no money,: to receive, 'and he was of opinion that the matter should not be allowed to'drop. -BXDELLIOIc SoHooL DZSTaOYrDD i FIRE. Constable-.Hallett,. of Gininderra, reports .to. the Coroner thatat between 5 p.m. and -6 p; m.on Monday evening the Bedeollick pub. lie sohgol, situated at Wattle Park, with all its : oontents-were destroyed by fire. The fire' was first-'discovered by Mr. Lindsay Southwell at about ten minutes past six, liut it was then too : late to take any steps :.in saving anything. Constable Hallettfurther states that the teacher, Mr. Morgan, who has been in.charge of the school since April and-.who boards at the. residence of .Mr. Samuel Southwell, " Cow Hollow," remained in- the school the evening of.the fire tillA4.30 p.m.,: and in consequence of .,,the rain . the children also did not leave -?till that .time. Mr. Morgan states that he is a :nonsmoker, and there had been no firee lighted in the school-room for a month previous: . -iThe building was a one- roomed slab structure, 15ft. by 17ft., with a pine ceiling and...iron roof, the estimated value being about .£30. There is no suspicion attached to anyone. ,An.i.quest will be held. , ' " `."- ,. POLL Ev~ir VOTE :-Every elector (man or woman)who will be over five miles from a polling-booth on election day, and any woman likely on account of ill health to be unable to go to a 'polling-booth, may vote by post. It is very important that farmers and farmers' wives and daughters should take the. fullest advantage of this law. That t is the way to secure a large vote. Every thing favours town voters. Will country voters permit themselves to be overwhelmed by those in the cities when a methed by which they may vote in their own homes is available to them ? Electors who wish to vote by post should go at once to the nearest returning officer or electoral registrar and obtain the necessary form. All else is easy The officers will. explain whiit. has to ibe done to record the vote. A MYSTERY OF THE BUSH :-A message from Carcoar says :-Reports received from Wangoola on Saturday night state that for some time past a family named Humpher- ieIsraels have been annoyed by hearing mysterious noises and bewildered by the opening of doors. It is said that when a door closed it will fly open in their face. Mrs Humpheries, in order to test the occurrence, on one occasion closed the door twice successively, and each tiFYIme it flew open. Since then the door has been removed and the opening slabbed up. It is now asserted that mysterious cries are heard and the figure of a woman is to be seen passing between the residence of Mr Layburn and the Humpheries' homestead. When approached the apparition will vanish into the water of Wangoola Creek.. The residents of Wangoola are taking steps to solve the mystery. A APcr?AL, To STOREKEBPERS :-Mr G. B. Edwards, the freetrade candidate for South Sydney, describes the proceedings which took place at a meeting .f manufaotures recently. He says that Sir* Williain Lyne told the meeting he wanted 3.1000 for electioneering purposes. Mr Ausntin:.Ohanp iano also stated 'to the meeting that they could win two other seats if they only had the money, "' for those seats belonged to the party," added Mr Chapman, ' anbd they are Werriwa 'and Illawarra.' (A voice : " He does not know anything aboutit.")-?Mr Austin Chapman, on being interviewed, said that the whole thing was a fabrication. He I added---" But so far as the South Sydney seat is concerned it belongs .to the protec tionist party, and was only lost to them at the last election bj the splitting of the vote by Mr Hoyle. The same with Worriwa, but not so with Illawarra." It transpires that several of the leading Sydney mann. factures were rung on the telephone and told " Sir William Lyne would like to meet you at his off:e." They at once prooeoded, thinking that the interview intended had some conneotion with customs' matter4, bat found that the object was to fine them, not for a breaoh of the tariff,but to help defend it against attack. "We ate going to be beaten," Sir William Lyno is reported to have said, " unless you give us more money to fight the campaign. To asubscribo £100 towards winning a few seats would appear very much like an evasion of the very proper spirit of political party breathed by this measure. of Sir William's that the subescribers, however publio-spirited their mtives, might be understood. This testi. mony ougrht to greatly assas the public in passing judgement on the tariff at tbo coming eleetions,. • - ?: :;: '?: .::!:.. ,:?= +.... ?. '. ·: "' ':. " . ..+.: ..\,?? 'v o -,- ? . :? ".-. ','" .. " -: i.?" : ":' -?:'L?;: .J< ;? :?'..;:o ;? +:• .+.. ; -, . .-. .; 