I T!i« lloorabinglc Flood. I gv Vlf. H. Lava, Jii 0hnm3ic.cs Journal. I IK THREE PARTS. PART III. Jl r. Clilstiohn drove up in the Ini'dil, wnrm moonlight liiglil twelve o'clock — we heard his buggy the camp — and next morning I culled immediately after breakfast. As at my lirst interview, In: was m his study ; out this tunc he erected 111c with a quiet cordi- alitv. There wa.?. however, 110 use in healing about the bush, and I abruptly began with," Mr. Gliisholm, T wish to tell you that I have come to ask if you will consent to my my marrying your daughter." I had commenced to dilate on her merits and my own umvorbhiuess when he stopped me with a slight motion of the hand ; then he sat still for quite a minute, with his lin",>r-tips together, his eyes fixed on his desk, and willi a grave, in tensely serious face. At length he spoke : Mr. Vincent, I regret this more than 1 can say. Were it not that , in a measure, blame myself, I should be extremely annoyed. I dare hardly trust mysel f to speak. " I feel that my anger may override in V other feelings, and the less said the better. It is impossible, and the subject must never be men tioned again. Go, therefore, hence, and return no more ; and, recollect, I shall allow no correspondence be tween yourself and my daughter. Tlnil will do. Now go ' But, sir — Mr. Chisliolin, at least allow me to say good-bye.' ' Again lie paused indeep thought, and then rising, and averting his eves, he said ' It is impossible. 1 caniiul allow it. I wish you good bye.' 1 So I went away, in sorrow aud in anger. Onr camp was broken up. and our jolly backwoods life was at an end. Autumn was com ing 011, and Frank flitted to town 1 1) set up bis col lection : the caravan was sold, and the tent stored in a Flinders Lane warehouse; one of tin.1 race-horses was well disposed of up-country, and the other, old More, kept as a hack. I took rooms in the Royal Hotel, Moora- hingle. for it was my last thought in the world to give Mary up; tin moll how I was to further mut- ters by staying in the township I could not say. I was simple wait ing to sec what might turn up. Moorabingle is not a township in which an idle man can pleasantly or profitably pass his time. The hankers were elderly gentlemen with large families and little time or inclination to make new acquain tances. The doctor was a drunken fellow, willi a great reputation for living clever when he was in liquor lint no good when sober. Luckily fur his character as a surgeon, he never was sober; and when, as was frequent, a patient went all wrong, lie was excused on the ground that he was a little more 1 sprung ' than usual, or a little less, as the case might be. 'It was a miserable time; and had the company, or the liquor, boon better, or if I had had any taste that way, I must have taken to drink, or Heaven knows what. Tims passed the winter days. At first I wrote frequently, and in desperation, to Mary; but these letters were nil returned unopened, nn, readdressod in the old gentle man's handwriting. There were rumours flying about the township that a French count was staying at the station, and, that a match was likely between iiini and the young lady there ; that Mr. Cliisholm was inclined to be a tuft-hunter, and favoured liirn ; that lie was rich and titled, and so on. Thus I con sumed my own smoke, in sorrow and in bitterness of spirit, all through the dark days. 'At length, one- mornin" the count appeared in the township to catch the stage-coach through to the railway line, and lie had such a self-satisfied, patronising air .that I was seized with the'dctermination to ride straightway to the Plains, see Mary and her father, and make one more attempt to break down his resolve.. If 'I failed, svby, then I'd make for England again, and pray to be ship-wrecked on the way, and all such folly as that. It is strange — is it not ? — those feel ings which are so real to the young, at which the middle-aged laugh, and which the aged do notacknow- ledge to exist 1 Whyte-Melville has somewhere .a soliloquy, upon that text, I think; ' It was the rainiest winter ever known since records were kept; and it was a morning of tearing wind and wet when I started early to ride to the' Plains. From the moment you left the Koyal Hotel yard, the three hilts" — they are . called 'The Sisters ', of course- loomed far ahead, and it was a cojd lonesomeSnusCrableTide. Therein fell in heayy sheets.- swept by a north-west wind J ;and .from the start my left cheek-bone was fairly frozen by- theblaat.'atid old Moro | pegged e-long/llia head on oneside, his cara'hackj,und ,pow, nnd. ngnn blowingitiiisiitfcrils jn 'disgust. Aftor;a fewrnilre"I-'»El>t®3 the little rises, pn .thej-fight, : . and sently could make .'out . the ; house, with the' smoke rising, and Comfort eame to iny heart, for was not Mary therel-;Irepeated:to mysdfe'Oh 1, Fat wat,iwflt:; ph:l; f m wat, - wat ; ; oh | VWaarie . O f , - .Do j aud within a hundred yards. of the; j garden gate. I had begun to funk \ / it ratber, I must say, and the pros- : peat round did not raise my spirits. The plain was dull gray, with : glistening pools of water, and the stone walls which fenced the pad docks there looked grim and drip ping. There was no sign of life but for a mob of sbeep near the yards, half over to the cliffs, and rue gdie uieiv uicir men tings plainly to my car. The solitary tree by the yards rose black, abrupt, and grim, like the plumes on a hearse; but up through the garden trees 1 could see the gleam of firelight through the study windows. ' The gale had risen to a howling tcuipcst, and I was thinking with no pleasant feelings of my ride home again, probably in sorrow and despair, when a sound as of a very heavy clap of thunder made the horse start and throw up his head, j and for a moment I had to attend I to my reins. Surely, I thought, the wind was rising louder than ever, and never before had I heard thunder like that in winter. Then I glanced to windward. Good heavens ' the lake had hurst its banks, and in a huge wall of water, eame hurling to the plain. It was a foaming white mass where the dills had stood, aud above hunt? a cloud of dust and ddbris like a pall. For a little while I gazed with in terest, wondering in a stupid sort of way, how the sheep would fare, and in a moment the water de voured them, even as a bush-fire consumes a dry leaf on the ground; then it reached the first wall. Now I realised what it was ! The great wave towered above the stonework, tossing the waves on its summit up and down, as you see the waves in the Rip when the outgoing tide meets asoutlicrn gale, and it was roaring as it came. As it struck the stones a groat spume of foam leapt high into the air, as when some huge roller strikes a rock- hound coast ; and at the sight my heart turned to water, and I knew wlmt Homer's heroes felt when ' their knees were loosened.' ' III moments such as these thoughts fly like lightning! The wave would easily reach the house: Mary was there ! If I rode to the gate and opened it, precious moments would be lost. Moro had never jumped in his life to my knowledge. He must do it now. I whipped him round, and set him at the garden fence. It was a post- :e..n 1J __ ... 1 lUiu-iuii, lueiciiiiuy oui, grown over thick with monthly roses and sweet- briar. I think he would have flown it had he but known what was desired of him — as it was, he tried to stop ; but I struck him with my spurs, held him tight, and at tile last moment ho seemed to under stand. He did his best, and breas ted it. There was a crash, and he landed in the orchard on his head. My feet struck the ground, nnd I pitched far forward on his neck, and thought in that one moment of time to let go, slip off, and run on foot when I lieara him grunt and felt him rise. Then I scrambled back to the saddle; and on my pulling the old man together, we galloped .up the garden, I shouting as we went. ' I saw Mary run out, and the first look across the plain told her all. ' Quick ! jump up in front,' was all I said, and from the high verandah it was smartly done. Now we galloped down the drive towards the stables, almost facing the flood : but the gate was open, aDd before the torrent reached us we had turned the corner, and were racing up the hill. As we pulled up on the highest point, the waters swept round us with that seething stcw/t familiar to us when, as children, we built suud- oastles on the beach to wait the rising tide. The flood had reached its highest point, but we were dry shod ; and as we turned our eyes towards the homestead, we saw the buildings there had gone down. Two chimneys still stood, and a few verandah posts and a little iron roofing were mournfully leaning in strange attitudes. It was as though a great fire had swept over it. ' By a most extraordinary com bination of circumstances there was not a soul except Mary at the homestead at the moment of the flood, and presently our intense anxiety for her father was relieved when we saw him driving at a gallop from the paddocks beyond the stony rises. He was nearly unmanned by the dread of what might meet his eye at the station ; but, controlling himself with a great effort, he simply wrung, my hand, saving in a low voice, which trembled with feeling, ' I can 110 longer fly in the face of a Divine Providence.' ' We had thus mercifully escaped tragedy at the homestead ; but on the plains tbey were not so lucky. Old Willie Scott, who had, come out with Mr. Chisholm years ago, was : drafting the mob of sheep which I faad . seen engulfed, and witti mm were a- young snepnera and a lad. Willie had taken it all in at the firatToar of the bursting waters, and had ruib'to. the. solitary tree, the lowermost bnichpf whieli was some distance from iheground. ' Rid,' he callcd.ib.hiSjiudfejn hie. Scotch voice. J which 'v&aFbSpkpn; — -rin'and loup onrjiw; and 'e f They needed no second telling; and as they climbed still higher tiiey, called aloud .to him, 'Solim, WttUie, .sclim'j, there's time' yet!' Thon thoyhea him cry in answer, .'lit ibwre-sijldtoSpeiL' Looking down, they, saw (hit :fold - inan, his hands raised aud clasped above his head, hie gray locks floating in the "ivind, and a light as of battle or of A great triumph glorifying his face. He was fronting the great wave ; and as it leapt at liirn the waves upon its crcbt seemed to be clutch ing at lain even as we sometimes see great hands and arms groping for us in an evil dream. Then, as they shut their eyes and held 011, tliey saw liim no more 'Alas! the tragedy did not end here. Willie was a great favourite with Mr. Chisliolin, and the old man would take neither rest nor food until after the waters had receded, the body of the old shep herd had been found and brought in. There wns nowhere for ns to sleep that night at the Plains, and wo drove, late in the day, to Moora bingle. Mr. Chisliolin was very quiet and silcntal! the evening, and his face was deeply flushed, while twice durini' the interval between dinner and bedtime lie repeated in a dreamy way that he could no longer ' fly in the face of Divine Providence.' ' I was awakened in the night by the landlady, who told me that Sir. Gliisholm had been seized with severe pain in the side, and ap peared to be very ill, and naked if I would see liiui. There was little doubt, even to a layman's eye, that it was pneumonia, and I knew that at his age there could be but a faint hope. I saw him no more for five days. A professional nurse had been wired for, and she and Mary did everything, under the direc tions of the drunken doctor. O11 the fifth day he naked to see me, and in a moment I knew that all chance for him had gone. He lay ill 11 darkened room, his face streaming with perspiration, and the hreath coining and going with painful rapidity, and with that hopeless rattle of mucus with each rise and fall of the chest which, 1 am told, is such a deadly sign. He took my hand gently between his, and with frequent intervals and distressing gaps — his voice now Doric, broad and unrestrained — he said, ' Mr. Vincent, you must take j Mary, and be kind to her. Be a | good man. I trust — I believe — you ' will be wool yokit. I do not ask ! you to promise to abandon racing. I Promises made in moments like ' these are seldom binding. I /«,/>,; ' you will give it up. I have made provision in my will. Now, I have yet much to do, and the hour is at . iianu, IUI LUG uiyiib cuiiiGLii. rave- well.' 4 1 pressed Ins l);md. I knell i one moment and kissed his foro- ' head. He smiled, and I saw him no more alive. j 'Now good-night, old mnn ; that's , how I came to the Ox Plains, and i it hurts in the telling. Good -night.' ; . . - 1 