News in Brief. Xbo estato o! tho late Mr. F. A. Wright (Wright, heaton and Co.) b&B; been valued for probato purpOBOB at £39,463 15s. A boy named Stanley Hewiah, aged 10, ^vas reaoued from Gleuolg bathe (8.A;) after being eovon or eight minutes under water. A Bpeoial examination for the appointment of telograph messengers will bo held through* out Now South WaloB on December 12 i The body found in tho Port River at Ade* Iaide on Sunday has been identified as that of George William Henry Wolfe, of Good wood, who loft homo on Saturday. ; Anorder for 3,92*2,000 roundBof .303 small arm ammunition has been plaoed .by the Defence Department with the Colonial Ammunition Company. The prico ia £513s 4d per thousand rounds. pointed to the Gundagai-Tumut. section arrived on Monday (tho "Times" says), and wero allotted their Beotional work at South Gundagai, Mount Horeb and Tamut* Mrs. Kiely, of Millbrook, near Gordon (Vio.), on Saturday night was returning homo from visiting a neighbor's house, ana tho night being wot and dark, she missed her path, and fell into a doop drain, break ing her leg noar the anklo. ; The Sultan recently deoided that tho hoad* qu irters of Hilmi Paaha, the Turkish admin* iatrator in Maoedonia, should be removed from Moriastir to Salonika. In commenting npon this action the "Spectator" of Satur day says that it will simply enable tho Sultan to bewildor tho controlling powers. Tho hospital orusade this year at GOD* dagai (tbo 41 Times " says), realised the ex traordinary amount of £390, by far the largest earn over raised in one year for the hospital. It is likely that ere the year is out tho amount will bo inoreasedto over £400. A Barriogua farmer has just shipped 30 tons of wheat grown by irrigation. The grain is of excellent quality, and will, it is 6xpoaled, average 20 bushels an aore for tho Whole crop. The wheat had to be carried a distance of 80 miles by teams to reach tho train at Bourke. , The new railway line from Narrabri to ^Vee Waa has been completed, and will bo opened for traffic on Saturday by tho Minis* ter for Works. For that purpose Mr. O'Sullirao will leave for Narrabri on Friday evening. On the following day he will pro* oeed to Weo Waa, when tho opening cere mony is to be performed. The consolidated revenue of New Sonth ^Vales for November was £819,151, a de crease compared with November last year of £129,153. The return of revenue by the Commonwealth waa £113,606 lees. The rail* ways and tramways decreased £32,726, but there was an increase of £67,239 in land revenue and of £37,996 in stamps. < Whilst making the journey from Tumut to Gundagai on Saturday, sparks from the mail irain set fire to Mr. W. Jamieson'e paddock at Snowball in two places. The fires were soon put pot, but the occurrence proves the need for the Commissioners keeping the grasis cut along the lines and of having spark arresters attached to the looomotlves. 1 A unique feature is connected with a Methodist ohurch at Ipswich recently opened, viz., an outside pulpit. It is be lieved to be the first Nonconformist churoh in England to have one. Ib is conveniently plaoed near to the publio road, and spaoe is provided in the grounds commanded by the pulpit capable of accommodating 2000 i Mr. S. J. JasobB, president*of tho Ade laide Chamber of Commerce, lectured on Preferential Trade before the A.N.A. on Monday night. Australia, lie said, had £1717500,000fh.a"<?£tonfc with England. It should not fo8tor"Yr£ff& with England at tho expense of its growing foreign trade. ; A farmer named Patrick JameBO'Donnell met with a tragic death at Gooraong {Vic.}. He was sheltering under a tree during a storm, when the lightnlngstruck tho topmoBb limb, 50ft. above tho ground, and running down the trunk, struck O'Donnell, throwing him to tho ground. The body was found face downward, with bands elapsed behind the baok, and rigid. The right leg of his trousers was torn from top to bottom. While a mob of 500 bullooko wero travel* I ling to Lake Comal Station, in the western distriot, a bullook trod upon & full box of .wax matohea, igniting the grass. Only for the prompt action of the drover a serious bushfire might have resulted. The box had been carelessly dropped by someone, and the incident shows bow great a danger exists in using wax matches in the country at tho present time. A boy about 10 years of age named Harold Travers, son of Mr. James Travers, of Wer riboe, fell into the Werribee River oh Mon day and was drowned. The lad, in company with another boy, was racing down the em bankment when he slipped and fell into tho river. The mattor was reported to Senior Constable Neill9 and dragging operations were continned until late in tho eveniog, but no traoe of tho body could bo found. The river io in flood, and running very strongly. John White, a young married miner, who is out of work, made, a Bendigo wire says, a lucky find while looking for employment on 'Monday morning.* As he was passing from the Suffolk Tribute mine to the New Moon hie attention was attracted by a piece of ironstone projecting above tho ground. He' knooked off a small chip, and, seeing several colors of gold in it, ho unearthed the lot, and found a slug of gold which weighed lOoz. 13dwt-, and which he Bold for £41. A youth named Henry Ealea, agod 17 years, a prisoner io Gunnedah gaol, escaped on Saturday night. When the gaoler opened the cell door on Sunday morning ho found the prisoner had used hie bod board to reach the ceiling, whioh is corrugated iron, and had pressed back one ond through whioh ho had passed over the storeroom. There he had broken the end of the coiling of the storeroom, and opening the window got into tbo female prisoners' yard. Afterwards ho had Bcaled a 10-foot wall and esoaped. Gales is still at largo. A young girl named Funny Flanagan, aged 16, lose her life on Sunday afternoon in the Macquarie River at Wellington. A number of young folk waro out pianicking and deceased and four lads of Bimilar uguB wore boating. When in the oontre of the river tho boat, whioh was not watertight commenaed to fill and oapsized. Tho girl sank, and tho lads made every effort to rescue her, but became oxhaustod in tho at tempt, They managed to cling to the up turned boat uutil BBBistanca arrived. Tho body of the girl was robovcrcd. The number of motor cars in tho streets of Melbourne is increasing daily, and in one instanoo at least they aro being used for tho conveyanco of ordinary paBsengerB. A vory handsome car has juBt been imported. It ia of twolvo and a half horse power, and is driven by petroleum, tho. motor being fitted with tho latest magnotio ignition. It has threo Bpecds and reverso action and double brake, whioh oan pull tho oar up whon travelling at a high rate within a littlo over a length, Tho machine hoH a speed of 40 mile? an hoiir, and can travol for about a 100 miles without replenishing. Tho casing is of aluminium for lightness. The township of Wsugools, noarOarcoar, han been thrown into a state, of rxcitomont over mysterioua noises at tho,houBo of a family named Humphries. Tho falsify has been annoyed by tho opening of doors. ' It is said that when a certain door was oloB'ed it would fly open in their faoos. Tho door has boen romovod and the opening boarded up It is now assorted that mysterious cries aro heard and tho figure of a woman seen passing between the residence of Mr. Layburn and the Humphries homestead, and that when upproaohed it will vanish into tho wator of Wangoola Creek. Tho residents are taking stops to «olvo tho matter. 