THE STORY-TELLËR, ——ooOoo—— PRELL'S SELECTION. (Edward Dyson.) I. After a fairly long life of unremit- ting toil with axe and hammer, gad, and pick, and plough, in many fields of labour and in many places, David Prell took up a selection, impelled part- ly by an old desire to settle down, but mainly by the strenuous solicitations of a paternal government. One of those passing fits of creative and reformatory energy that so often attack Australian governments had turned the popular fancy lightly to the land. The desire to convert clerks, miners, carpenters, poets, lawyers, and miscellaneous idlers into successful farmers, by turning them loose in the Bush armed with a lease, was inspiring much eloquent ora- tory. "Go on the land, young man!" was the shibboleth of the ministers; and, although no longer a young man, David accepted the invitation, and selected land in a locality particularly favoured by Providence, according to the interpretations of the philanthropic politicians. Prell's selection consisted of three hundred acres of Bush situated four- teen miles from nowhere, where the railway came to an untimely end. David tramped out one fierce December day, when the shilling thermometer under the verandah of Coleman's shanty reg- istered 107deg. in the shade, carrying all his worldly goods and the scant savings of years in the swag on his back. After leaving the vague track, he literally burrowed his way through the compact Bush, where the tall, straight gum-trees stood massed like an implac- able army, sullenly resisting his ad- vances as though recognising the de- structive germ, their formidable boles laced with an entanglement of vines, supple-jack, and a myriad creeping things of vegetable kind ; and the wil- derness of undergrowth that flourished between conspired to trip and strangle the intruder whose presence threatened the pristine grandeur and the autocratic rule of the towering trees. Dave Prell made his way to the por- tion of this vast wilderness that was his subject to the conditions and pro- visions of the Act. and knew it was his only by virtue of an amazing instinct, which makes the pathless Bush explicit to the true bushman. There the forest was dense with boughs far above, chok- ed below with creepers, bracken, prick- ly mosses, stinkweed, all the profuse flora of an Australian scrub ; around was silence, nor was there any sign to distinguish this spot from a thousand others in the miles of dumb forest en- circling it. But Dave slipped his swag from his shoulder here, and stood erect among his possessions, lord of all he surveyed. Dave was a small man, five feet six inches in his bluchers, almost fleshless, his thin beard and overhanging brows already grizzled ; but his face, tanned to the ruddy brown of new leather, was the face of a conqueror; his bare lean arms, redder than those of a Red In- dian and corded like an athlete's, were wonderfully suggestive of toughness and endurance. The Bush and the man were face to face; the gigantic gums stern, lower- ing, indomitable, the man a mere pigmy at their roots, but animated with the confidence of one who had seen labour overthrow the tallest forests and eat up the hills. Prell was about to carve a home for himself out of this tangle, these massed trees, some large enough to have housed him in their hollow trunks, and he was not appalled. He had taken his axe from the hands of the swag, and stood with his thumb testing the edge, looking up at his enemies, a more daring David in the presence of ten thousand Goliaths. A long sinister snake slid on the dry leaves over the log on which he stood, and he dropped the bright blade on its lean body, severing it. The snake struck at the axe with its vicious ham- mer-like head. These were the first blows, and the man had conquered. "Tiger!" said Dave examining the tail stirring convulsively on the loose bark. "Them M.P.'s didn't say nothin' 'bout tiger snakes among the 'natural in- doocements.' " The selector had to seek an open space large enough to spread his blan- ket in for that night, and he found it at a little distance on the top of a great granite boulder, like a huge mam- moth sunk to the shoulders in the rich loam, striving hopelessly in the toils of the vines and the weeds. On the moss of the rock Dave made his first bed; here he lit his first fire, and while the billy boiled he sat at a distance, for the evening was close and oppres- sive, watching the smoke towering up in a thin line, and saw a vision of a smil- ing homestead swathed in green and a golden sweep of ripening corn swelling up the slope. A kookaburra on a dry limb far above him lifted up its head and filled the bush with echoes of dry, cynical laughter, and the man waved his hat to the quaint bird, and laughed back with boyish exuberance. A mag- pie greeted him with a long carol, mel- low and musical like the bugle-call of young Hope, and a sleepy mother mon- key-bear clinging stupidly to the hole of a sapling near by, and her equally stupid offspring clinging to her back, blinked little round eyes at him. Dave offered the beasts bread. These were to be his boon companions perhaps for years to come, and Prell was a sociable man. The selector lay without covering on his mossy couch that night, for his in- durated hide was mosquito-proof, and the many mysterious things that walk in the darkness had no terrors for him. He was familiar with all the voices and moods of the Bush, and the one sound that haunted and soothed his dreams was the low murmur of a creek, the strongest "natural inducement," promis- ing plenteous water even in the fiercest months of summer when the drought fiend drives his blazing chariot through the land. Morning found the Bush in another humour, bright, cool, moist, propitious. There was joyance in the air: life twittered and whistled and laughed in the trees, and starred briskly in the scrub; and the magpies, whose golden call is the most stirling note of optim- ism in the Australian wilds, welcomed the sun with a full-throated chorus. After looking about him, Dave deter- mined to set up his tent upon the rock. He placed the first upright in a dry cleft, and carried the ridge-pole back to a convenient sapling. Here he must live till he should wrest from the opposing scrub and the giant trees a clear space on which to build a modest hut of bark. Prell spent the whole of next day searching his settlement over, .seek- ing the best site for his happy home. He decided upon a spot about one hun- dred yards from the rock, where the land rose in a gentle slope from the creek. The creek would have remained undiscovered by a city dweller, hidden away under the masses of bush growth. Gums that had perished of age or fallen by mischance lay across its course ; huge ferns (old-man ferns they call them there) their trunks straight as lances, or grotesquely twisted to accommodate themselves to the scant space offered by the tangled dead timber, grew thickly all along the banks and in the bed, thirsty saplings and ravenous scrub thronged every foot of root-hold, and over all were piled vine and creeper, bramble and weed. Thick myrtle bushes spread thin clouds of dainty white blos- tom in the shade, and tiny ferns of many kinds, and strange, parasitic plants of subtle and ethereal beauty swarmed upon the dead limbs and the living trees, and hung delicately in mid- air on threads of tentacle. The mon- strous Bush, struggling for space, had bridged the stream and over-grown it so thickly that the cool life-giving waters ran m cavernous darkness below. But all this loneliness must go. Too often to the struggling settler the thing of beauty is a curse for ever. Dave was an abominable utilitarian ; he laid his axe at the root of beauty, and com- menced his war with Nature. It was a long fight. Dave Prell cut at the heart of the bush from the sweet, fresh hours of the dawn, through the glittering hot day, till the laughing jack- asses on the skeleton trees shrieked again as if in derision, and the cocka- toos homing in the tallest gum clattered and squealed and whistled. Surely not all the foundling asylums in all the world would make such a to-do about going to bed. Prell's axe kept the busy cchoes stir- ring in the hills. He felled the saplings and up-rooted the great messmates and the towering white gums. The debris was gathered in heaps and burnt ; the enor- mous logs were rolled together with levers and given to the fire ; trees that were dry enough to burn were fired standing. For months the man slaved in an atmosphere of smoke that gave his brown skin a richer tint, and at length, after a year, a little hut stood in a narrow clearing, and a tidy patch of garden promised vegetables for the near future. II. Ten years later a fussy mountain rail- way had followed David Prell and his scattered neighbours into the hills. The toy trains on this amazing railroad rat- tled over ravines, Blondin-like, on their narrow track, crawled round wooded spurs, clinging to the face of the quar- ried rock, toiled slowly, puffing and straining, up steep gradients, and scam- pered wildly down rash inclines, sawing and clattering, and rushing with a frenzy of impetuosity absurdly human, and always on the point of tumbling headlong into the treetops far below on one hand or the other. Eventually they arrived at the terminus in the thick Bush, where a lone wooden store, dusty and weather-worn, blinked its windows in the fierce sunlight. There was always an old horse hitched to a tree before the store, drowsing with his nose in the dust; but rarely did you see any other living thing at Blackbutt. A well defined cart-track, known grandly as the main road, now led to- wards Prell's Selection, twisting and winding through the trees, a puddle in the winter, an inexhaustible dust-bed in the summer. After a mile or so the track gradually faded, the smaller tracks lead- ing to the right and left having absorbed much of the traffic. The road remained split again and again, till it dwindled at length into a mere foot-path, and slowly the Bush closed in, throwing out limbs and tentacles to resist the pedes- trian. Here were met pathetic sings of man's futile struggles; a small patch of treeless land, where the scrub rooted, and the graceful saplings shot up their slender stems, eager to win for the Bush its own agin; the charred frame of a burnt hut, with creepers swarming over it like vindictive arms striving to pull it down and hide it away among the thick weeds clustering at its feet ; a sawn butt with a small stack of split wood, the tender plants twining about the chips, the stack already overgrown with clinging swordgrass. There is something terrifyiug in this passion of the Bush to wipe out the evidences of man's encroachments, to stifle man him- self and secrete his bones in the rank grasses, to tear down the work of his hands, to devour it, to quickly fill the gaps it has made as if its existence were a shame. An outraged spirit seems to stir in those deserted mangled spaces, and it is not till the saplings have grown thick and tall that the Bush puts on again its characteristic stillness, and the peace of ages broods in the shade. The track became fainter still, divert- ed now and then by fallen trees, and the Bush denser and darker, and presently the seeker was startled by the barking of a dog, sounding quite ghostly in these wilds. But the watch-dog's honest bark is always the herald of civilisation to the bush wanderer. The traveller came out of the forest as out of a darkened room, and a wide clearing opened before him, flooded with keen light, and penetrating heat that stirred in the air, visible, cor- puscular. A batch of huts and many outhouses, irregularly set down, built of split slates and roofed with stringy-bark, pictures- que in their disorder and their wealth of vines, stood in the centre of the clearing. To the left were an acre of mature orchard (with red strips of cot- ton stuff to scare the gluttonous parrots stirring in the hot breeze and lending a vagrant note of colour), another half acre of young trees, half an acre of rasp- berries in orderly rows, half an acre of potatoes, and a vegetable garden green and severely systematic. It was an oasis in the desert, a tiny Tadmor in the wilderness. The dog stood on a log with his tail unfurled, barking interrogatively, but well disposed towards the visitor; a big bay horse hung his nose over the slab fence, meditating drowsily; fowls, ducks, and geese swarmed, fattening on the shooting grass-hoppers; down near the creek a cow stood knee-deep in the spring water. A woman bent over one of the garden beds. Dave had been married these five years to a homely, toiling body like himself. Evidently the man had conquered. The Bush stood off from him on the hill side, presenting a straight, high wall of trunks, a mighty palisade. The trees stood proudly, threateningly, as if only awaiting the word to advance again, and sweep away the insolent man and his works. All around the fenced cultiva- tions the grass was yellow and crisp, ex- cepting where the creek struck through, rippling in the sunlight, trailing skirts of green. David Prell was seated at a table under a small verandah roofed with vines, finishing his mid-day meal, greyer, leaner, browner than when he first faced the bush at Blackbutt, but tough still. A swarm of tiny chickens, mere fluffy balls, tumbled and piped at his feet. With the pannikin of tea half-way to his lips, Dave paused, and his eyes passed lovingly over the results of his labour. A swelling pride stir- red within him, the joy of the victor. Life had been hard ; hard it was still, but wilh fruit and eggs, and honey, money enough was earned for their simple needs, and a grateful tranquility rested on Prell's Selection. Dave felt the justs of the conqueror for the first time to-day. The fight had been bitter, unremitting; many times it had seemed hopeless, but with set teeth he had fought on, thinking only of the one day's task, not daring to look at his work as a whole for fear the magnitude of it should crush his spirit entirely. How hard that long struggle had been only those who have pitted themselves against the Bush can know. To-day, sitting in the shadow of his own vine, looking at the green freshness of his cultivation steeped in the consuming heat, Dave had a sense of real success. He looked at the line of Bush, an exultation like the grand insolence of youth seized him, and he lifted his pannikin on high to the sullen trees. "To the devil with you !" he said. He drank defiance to his enemy the Bush, and laughed aloud. A kooka- burra, answered him mockingly, and Dave laughed louder still, waving his pannikin. Mrs. Prell, who had come panting up from the garden, stopped in amazement. "You ain't goin' balmy, are you, Davy?" she asked anxiously. "No, old woman, but it's up to me to crow. Ain't I licked the Bush in fair fight?" "Don't crow till you're out of it, man. I seen smoke in Bob's corner." Prell's face lost its animation instant- ly, and became that of the dumb, tire- less fighter once more. He seized a bucket containing water in which an old sack was steeped, and ran in the direc- tion of the fire. After stripping off her inflammable cotton skirt, Martha followed, carrying another bucket. The smoke rolled between the gum boles, and the hot north wind, as if scenting mischief, blew a gust among the boughs. The forest stirred impatiently. This was no new thing to Prell, who, while fighting the Bush had learned to meet both flood and fire. He had no fear, but it was necessary to keep the flames from his precious fences, and with the sack he beat down the fire running in the dry grass. Like a wise man whose wisdom was born of experi- ence, the settler had kept spaces be- yond his fences free of all bracken and dead timber, and it was possible to hold the grass fire under. A breath as of a furnace came from the Bush ; the fire boiled among the trees, running and leaping fantastically, now clouded in thick smoke, now throw- ing out long, sweeping flames that lick- ed the ground and left it bare and black. Dave and his wife worked with- out speech. Fighting a bushfire when the ordinary temperature is 105deg. in the shade is no task for weaklings. Mrs. Dave was a Bush-bred woman, familiar with toil and suffering, and she bore it as well as Dave himself. Their faces blackened in the smoke, their hands were singed by the soaring flames, and their bones and thews were full of the agony of toil, but they fought on with- out complaint A patch of flame leaped at a towering white gum like a sentient thing, clung closely to the butt for a moment, and then ran swiftly, sinuously up the straight trunk among the loose dead bark, and shot out sprays of fire along the limbs above. The hot wind caught up a long, flaming strip of bark, and wafted it over the clearing. It was swept higher and higher among the smoke and sparks. The wind toyed with it wantonly, curling and twisting it, till it writhed like a serpent tortur- ed with fire. Then it sank and fell slowly, and the wind trailed it lightly over the roof of Prell's poor home. In an instant the whole line of roof was in flames, and as the houses burnt Dave and his wife toiled at the end of the clearing. Martha was first to discover what had happened. She screamed, and pointing to the burning home, made for it at a run. Dave stood for a few moments, staring incapable of action, and out of his dry, parched throat came a harsh prayer, a wild appeal, "Oh, God! Oh, my God, my God !" Then he ran, ran like a madman, and set to work as if in a delirium, plucking at the flaming walls with his bare hands, trying to save poor simple articles, bea- ten back by the fire at every point. Mar- tha strove with him, struggling desper- ately, and yet doing nothing, frustrated everywhere. Everything went down be- fore the flames, dwelling, store-house, dairy, fowl-house, cart-shed --even the bee-hives flamed fiercely. The grass fires came down through the fences, and the sun-dried split timber burnt like matchwood. The fruit trees shriv- elled in the heat, and the flames sprang to their branches. The work of years went up in fire and smoke, and in less than an hour Dave and his wife stood in an aching expanse before the ashes of their home, dumb, stupefied, staring out of their red, half-blinded eyes, seemingly without consciousness, pit- eously afflicted, their clothes smok- ing on their backs. Around were bar- renness, blackness, desolation. Dave was the first to speak; his voice was feeble and quavering like that of a very old man, his words dull and pas- sionless. "I was going to put that iron roof on next week," he said. At the sound of his voice, his wife ut- tered a heart-broken cry, and fell face downward upon the hot black earth, her arms out-thrown helplessly, her body con- vulsed with sobs, her eyes dry and burning. She, too, had worked brave- ly to build up the home, and she real- ised now how much of their lives had turned to grey ashes within the last few minutes. Prell looked down at his wife for a moment, without feeling, without comprehension; and then he drifted about among the ruins, found an old spade, and carried it a little further up the rise where he began chipping at the hard soil, digging feebly, vacuously, as if with some poor, piteous intention of levelling the ground. Help came from the distant selections when the fire had died out at the creek. The women raised Martha, and attend- ed to her, while the men went to Dave, who had not seemed to notice them. One shook him by the shoulder. "Cheer up, mate,'' he said, offering rough consola- tion. "Eh, what's that ?" answered Dave, looking about him vaguely. Then he seemed to remember, and his eye went over the aching blackness and ruins before he fell drearily to his work. "I got to clear a place for the now hut," he said. He bent to the spade once more, but they took it from his hands, and two of them, holding his arms led him slowly away; and as they passed, the wail of trees stirred before the wind, and the Bush seemed to move in upon the Selec- tion again.--"Macmillan's Magazine." 