BUSH.FIRES.' : ~Reports to hand from the police and 'others show that a considerable amount of 'damage'was caused by the bush fires w'hich raged in the district on Sunday and yesterdny. A-userious conflagration was averted at East- Maitland on Sunday, by the un tiring efforts of a nsumber, of civilians. gaol-warders, firemen, and police, 'under Superintendent Cotter and'-Captain R. Burgess, of theEt"Est' Maitland Brigade. The grass on the Mrorpeth-road below Cumberland -Hall, the residence of Mr. Alc.'Broin, M.L.C., caught.fire, and the flames quickly- spread throiigh tlih fencei into the. Hall paddock and.along.,to 'the front of the Hall, where the grooni's house and thie fencing was demolished. The'flames passed on. and'threatened the six cottages on the hill, but the splendid efforts of the fire-beaters were success ful; and the buildings were saved. At one time, the-Hall.itself was in danger. .The damage. done to Mr. Brown's property is estimated at £30. The groom lost a gold" watchchaln hnd clothing and other per sonal effects, valued at £15. The mem bers of the East Maitland Fire Brigade and the'police-of East Maitland worked splendidly all, day. At'Lochinmar.the residents' had'a very difficul't tski in fighting the fire which originated in.Kauter's padddock and swept through paddociks and over Windermere and the Great .Northern roads towards the town.. About-two- hundred residents fought the flamnes.,and .eventually, sub dued,them after they had swept through the town to tihe creek. The residence of Mr. Gilmore and:a house, tihe property of Mr, C. Read, were reached by the'fiames, but nwere eventually saved.. Mrs.. M., A..Leo's,. large paddlc .. at Dagworth suffered badly, several hundred acrds of grass belng destroyed. Slanys trees we'e-also burned,, and when 'they fell- the flying sparks started fresh fires. In HIungerford's-paddock a.. considerable amoutit of damage was done,. the flames cteiiding close to the powder magazine beyond the colliery line. •:A.dlsastrous fire.broke nut in the pad docks near Mr. S: -Reynold's Duninauld Estate. It-spread quickly through various properties, and though many volunteers endea'oured,.to stay its' course it iswept on in the direction of Clarence Town. -Teorrible fires-raged in the district west ward bf Dungog.. Homesteads and barns were burned out, and in many, instances .farmers and selectors have lost their all. : At the East Maitland Police Court yes terday, before. Mr. A. B. C. Burke, J.P., Henry Smith-was fined Ss, or 24 hours, for havingbcen drunk and disorderly in IMel bourne-street on Saturday evening. - A- groom, named Lonsdale In the employ of: Slr. Alex.' Brown, M.L.C.. was thrbwn from a horse at -East Mtaitland yesterday. and sustalned'a sprained.ankle and bra sinas about the face. S:Aman named John.Broderick accident ally inflicted no oxtensivd gash in his right leg witlfha hay knife at Miller's Forest. He vas,'Sdmitted to the Maitland-'Hospital on Sturday?"- , ;'-There aro'2t cases' of typhoid fever at the -.?atiland '.Hspltal. 