GLOUCESTER. ESTATE, NEW SOUTH WALES. TALPA. THE AVON SUBDIVISION. The subdivision of the larger pastoral and grazing estates in New South Wales is a sign of altering times, and while everyone regrets to see old landmarks removed, it must be allowed that the changes now in progress will make for the good of the com munitv, implying, as they do. the develop ment of the agricultural and dairying re sources of the state. The famous Glouces ter Estate, originally acquired as a free grant in 1S2G by the Australian Agricul tural Company, is now in the market for closer settlement purposes, and the cutting up of this extensive property will add a now province to the dairying industry on the north coast. The estate is situated about 20 miles inland, between Raymond-terrace and the Claiming Uivcr. and comprises? over 200.000 acres. The present subdivision, however, will only embrace about 20.000 acres, on the southern end of the property, divided into 130 farms. There are numerous creeks and rivers of considerable size run ning through the estate, all beautiful Hear permanent streams, and the portion to be sold next month is watered chiefly by the River Avon. A splendid macadamised road-one of the best in New South Wales-runs through the centre of the property, and the proposed north coast railway from Maitland to Grafton, a line which cannot long be de layed, follows the same route very closely through the Gloucester estate. Purchasers at the forthcoming sale.to be held at Stroud on November 27 by Messrs. M'Kenzie and Hooke. will get the benefit of the increased value of the land when the railway is com pleted. From the vast timber resources and high quality of the land for agricul tural and dairying purposes, it is conceded TIMHKtt ANP TEAMSTKHS. 1,000 nE^vW'rPl"KE-BRBJ> 3HORTHORN COWS AND CALVES ON THE ESTATE. ( OI.TS IX CUtVKR. I'AKM ColTAili: ON (ihOrCKSTKRIfOAl). <;IXH TKSTKH DISTINCT CO-oi'KKATivK HI TTI.U I\M TOHY ON ''111 1A (iLorCESTEK ESTATE. N.MY. : THE AVON' KlUDl VISION. by all who have a knowledge of the district (fjrtt a railway through this locality would pay handsomely from (lie start. Leaving Raymond-terrace the journey by coach <« Stroud is very interesting. .After iIk' rich lucerne flats of the Hunter Valley are left behind one passes through a hell of limbered country, with cleared 11']?(i]o patches lieie and there, lmt sparsely >et(led. Nearer Stroud the country is more n[ini, anil small dairy farms are timorous ,,]] aluii^ the route. The original grant of the A. A. Company's land commenced some live miles on this side of Stroud, but this portion of the property, and for eighteen miles north of the township, was sub divided and sold many years ago. farms are small, as a rule, but the settlers are evidently prosperous, and the majority liave nice herds of dairy cattle, and ('t maize, oaten hay, and potatoes. village of Stroud is a long and straggling township, built on two sides of a hill. Many of the old buildings display an English style of architecture, their verandahs having been apparently an after thought. There are many old men living here, born on the estate, who can relate LOCAJ, SKETCH OF THE ESTATE. ALLUVJAL FLATS ON* THE AVON. PADDOCK ON THE RIVER AVON, WHICH IM NS THROl'GH THE ESTATE. TOWNSHIP OK GLOUCESTER, SHOWING GLOUCESTER FLATS AND THE BUCKETS MOUNTAINS. BHIIK5E OVKIl BAKHINGTO.V RIVEIt. MAIL COACHES MEETING AT GLOUCESTER TOWNSHIP. MARSH LANDS OX T11E AVON RIVER. GLOUCESTER ESTATE, N.S.W. : THE AVON SUBDIVISION. wonderful ami exciting adventures in the early days. A tew miles north of Stroud there is a modern. up-to-date butter factory, which wn- established two years ago by the Glou cester District Co-operative Ttutter Com pany. The manager. TsIr. \Y. .J. Russell. in formed nie that there are now SO suppliers of c-reani. and the output of butler about three tons per week. All the farmers here use hand-separators, and the quality of the butter is second to none. The cows in this neighbourhood are mostly of the milking shorthorn type, and yield great quantities of mill; of a very rich quality. After pass ing the butler factory, the read leads down the Karruah River, with rich alluvial fiats on either side, and a range of timbered hills for a background. Maize-growing has been carried on here successfully for 50 years or longer without the aid of. artificial manure, and the yields are as good as they were at the start. The pas ture paddocks are thickly covered with white clover. Some of the homesteads by the roadside have quite a pleasing as we!) as comfortable appearance, notably Mr. George Hieks's place, with a lovely Hower garden abutting the turnpike. Kurt her over we come to Ward's Hiver. another fertile valley, studded with -mail farms, and the boundary of the Gloucester Kstute is reached about 18 miles from Stroud. The southern fringe of the property is to be held as a timber reserve. and about a mile further 011 the land thai is to lie offered for sale commences This is a block of country some eight miles long from south togporth. and five miles wide. The Avon Hirer flows through the middle, /mm the sojJtJi-west to north-east, while the main piljjjie rond runs directly through the centre of*ti&e;'subdivision, from south to north. For a quarter of a mile or so on either side of the road there is a good deal of timber, but fttrtfccr-barkr i}oth~to-right and left, the conn try is almost cleared, excepting a few /JMA stumps here and there. The flats all the valley of the Avon are very fertile, * fine sward of rich grasB and gome swampy bends hive recently been drained, and the deep black soil, once it is cultivated, will doubtless produce great crops of maize and lucerne, for which pur pose it seems admirably adapted. The ridges in the "ringed" country are all well grassed, and for grazing or dairying pur poses this land is quite equal to the average on the south coast. There are thousands of acres of absolutely clear country where the plough can be put in straight away, and other portions which are thickly timbered. But some of the timber is very valuable, consisting chiefly of ironhark and grey gum. On many of the blocks there arc trees suit able for girders, being from COft. to 70ft. high without a flaw, and two or three such trees to the acre will pay for the land. There is 110 scarcity of fencing anil building material on the property. A proportion of the estate is-"sapling" country, where the timber is young, and tall, and thin, but thick on the ground. Originally, nearly the whole of the Gloucester Estate was open downs. After it became a slice]) a slice)) and cattle run bush-fires became less fre quent. and the neglected scrub soon grew into a big forest. It is well within the memory of the oldest residents that this wonderful transformation from open graz ing country to forest has taken place, but it is not difficult to subdue by ringing, and as soon as the trees commence to die the grass springs up with amazing quickness. There is a very pood rainfall to be de pended upon in the Gloucester district, the average being about 50in. per annum, so that droughts are practically unknown. Along the banks of the Avon River there are to be seen numerous specimens of self sown lemon and peach trees, bearing abun dance of fruit, which fact would seem to indicate that cultivated fruits would do well. The home station of the Gloucester Es tate is immediately north of the land now being subdivided, and excepting that it has been kept clearer of timber, is practically of the same class of country. The new proprietary are energetically setting about making substantial improvements, by ringing the scrub country, fencing, &c.;, and at theiusiMftt.tinie about 150 men are em pWS-VvAji; tmjSAvill tend to -increase the "th£ Jatid\adjoining in the near smiii'e, and(-givQ Vac locality a more civi P^tfsed aspeotVins^eaa of remaining a wilder ' ness Cgt"» bushi.'^he Gloucester River, aribOier fine' s]y6ni on the estate, Hows ^-tjiroggh-a f«mre tract of country, border (irj''t r range of rocky hills called Ttof-OTfkets, which divide the Gloucester valley from the Barrington. further north. The latter is already settled country, and the river bottoms are all under culti vation or lucerne, producing magnificent crops of everything. The present sub division is only a small part of the estate to be made available for settlement later on, but purchasers will have already plenty of neighbours both north and south of the Avon, 60 that they are not going into "back" country by any means. Meanwhile tbe estate ia utilised as a cattle-run, but a considerable number of horses are also bred on the property. The A. A. Company were very particular about the breeding of the cattle on Gloucester Estate, and it would be difficult to find any where in this country a larger or finer herd of pure- bred shorthorns than is now on the station. Pedigreed bulls have invariably been used, and at the Bowman stud-farm, sitim ted on the Bowman River, there are two valuable imported shorthorns maintained. The blood stallion Boondi, by Zulu from Phillis, a remarkably handsome horse, is standing at the home station this season. Gloucester village is not a very large town ship, but there is excellent accommodation for travellers here, and also at Stroud. The Manning River forms the northern bound ary of the property, and all the way south to Stroud, a distance of nearly 60 miles, there are rivers and small hamlets every eight or ten miles on the road. It is al together a most picturesque district, and a healthier climate is not to be found in New South Wales. Intending visitors are recommended to advise Messrs. M'Kenzie and Hooke, of Stroud, of their arrival, and all arrange ments will be made for inspecting the land, and all particulars can he obtained from them, or at the office of the company, 9 Castlereagh-street, Sydney. A well-meaninjr nrtor who had witnessed the per formance of a little play in a private )iou=e, in which his hostess had taken the leading part, ni> t the lady as she came from behind the curtain. ..Madam," he said, rushing up to her, "you played excellently; the part fits you to perfection." "Oh. no," said the lady modestly; "a younp and pri-tty woman is needed for that part." "But, madam," persisted the other, "you have positively proved ihe contrary!" IIYDK-lWliK, S. A. Bv W. A. Dick. I It! i\l " Till'. USTUAl,ASIAN " TWKUTll rilOHICHAIMHC COM I'l'TlTION. " YOU DAREN'T !" By F. Taylor, Goodwood, S.A. FROM " THE AUSTRALASIAN " TWELFTH PHOTOGRAPHIC COMPETITION. THE MOTOK-CAR IN Sketch looking ri< irtli alonir Sjiring-street. The Federal Houses of in llic Kxhibi t i« i Idiiig: MFXBOl'RNK. Parliament are on the right. The State Parliament Bits in tlie di>tance. Front Row.-Mrs. Luke (Wellington), Mi® Costes (Wellington), Mrs. Seddon (Wellington), president; Mrs. Way (rtprewntinn Chri6teliurrh branch). Buck Row.-Heu lieu Tekiuo (Taupo), Mrs. Kendtall (representing llose), Mr. Von Baast, Mine Seddon (secretary), Don. James Marshall (Grey County), Mrs. Von Haast, A. V Kidd, M.H.R. (Auckland). ||0t0) NEW ZEALAND JpONFERENCE OF THE SOLDIERS' GRAVES GUILD, SOUTH AFRICA. (.> Muir' v'cllinBton' The object of the Guild is to watcb Iver and keep in good order and repair the graves of New Zealand soldiers that fell in the Boer W ar. 