THE COUNTRY. BUSHFIRES IN THE SOUTH. MEADOWS, January 10. A fire, which is estimated to have result ed in damage amounting to several hun dred pounds, occurred on Saturday. It started at a pea straw stack on the farm of Mr. M. Wotain, where members of the family were working, and toon burnt through a strip of country for several miles. With the strong, changeable wind which was blowing a large number of men who were beating against it had to work hard to subdue the llama;. Tuc fire was confined to a narrow »trip of country. Seve ral homesteads through the efforts of the men were saved, while mile* of fencine, fruit trees, and wattles were destroyed. The greatest sufferer is Mr. D. Wright, who had only recently purchased the homestead and land of the estate of bis late father. With tbe fruit trees and wattle* burnt his loss is estimated at £300. Mr. Watson bad his winnowing machine, pea straw, and a. portion of bis peas burnt, while, several other owners lost feed. MACCLESFJELD, January 19. In connection with the bufh fire Mn. Wright lost her orchard, about £100 worth of wattles, and 20 swarms of bees and the beehoutc. Mrs. Lemar bad a large quantity of wattles and feed destroyed. A quantity of feed* on Mr. Hoobin's property was burnt. STRATHALBYN, January 19. A heartrcndinir scene was witnessed at the junction of the old Bull's Creek and Xlacclesncld roads. It appears that a paity of young men were proceeding to the scene of the tare when a sudden change in the direction of the wind doubled the fire al most instantly upon them, with the result tbat Mr. Frank Mustard's bone was ou-' equal to the task of retiring from the dames, and becomins paralyzed with fnjjit refused to move. Mr. Mustard bod to leave his steed to ite Wprrible fate. A narrow es cape from a similar cause was experienced by Mr. London, jun., who was engaged holding the horses of three beaten. He was suddenly surrounded by fire. By dint of a plentiful use of the stockwhip he succeeded in getting bis charges ont of harm s way. Tis own pony was severely burned, while tbe left side of Us face was burnt, making one large Mister. Messrs. K- Blake and B. loobin arc reported to have been seriously burned. -. 