Odds and Ends.- To what d 1 y >u attribute your appetite for strong drink ? Is it hereditary ?' ' No, lady, it's thirst.' No matter linw loose nil engagement ring may be, the diamond never slips round of the insiie of the lady's finger. ' Ho married her because he thought she was the cleverest woman on earth. But I wonder why she married him.' ' Probably bet-aus* he showed such splendid judgment.' Little Elmer : ' Papa, what is a re former ?' Prof. -Uroadhead : 'A Ro former, my son, is a person who is perpetually trying to wake ft bad matter worse.' Mamma : 1 Why did you run oft from school and spend the whcle day rowing about the river ?' ' Boy : ' Papa said he wanted me to prepare for college.' She : ' I suppose if we women had clubs that kept us out half the ui(;ht you men would rebel violently.' lie : ' Not a bit of it. We'd joiu them.' He : * Suppose, darling, tljut some immensely wealthy old fogey on the edge of the grove should want to marry you —would you throw me over?' She : ' Not necessarily ; but you might have tj wuit a few yoan.' • I can't afford aioie than one flower on mv hat,' she said to the milliner. ' "Well, where wi'l you have it?' ' As I sit next to the wall in church, you can put it on tho side next to the congregation,' was the soft reply. Teacher (instructing a class on manners) Now, Willie Brown for example, if you were sitting in a car every seat occupied, and su oid lady enters, what would you do ?' Tommy — ' Pleaso fir, I would pretend I was sleepin'.' * I cannot understand, sir, wJif you permit your daughter to sue me for breach of promise. You remember that you were bitterly opposed to t.ur eugagement, bo.ause I wasn't gold enough for her aud would disgrace the family.' ' Young mau, that was sentiment this is business.' 'Ethel,' said a clergymmto one of hie parishioners, whom be saw with her hair in curliDg pins, 'if Nature had assigned your hair to curl it would have curled it for you.' ' It did, sir, when I was a child,' was tho reply; 'but I suppose it thinks now that I am old enough to do it myself.' Max O'Rell and a Geinun Governor of one of the States of America got to be great friends, and when sufficiently familiar the Governor confided to Max that he objected to one of his saying— that' Germans had no humor' ' Well,' said Mox, ' it's this way, I used to toll a tale of a tree that was so high that it took two men to see to the top of it. One looked as far as he could and the other started looking where the other left oft! And,' added Max, 'I never met a Gorman yet who could see the joke!' •Joke!' replied tha Teuton, thats not a j"ke, it's a d d lie !' A sensational inci lent took place at one of the Limnore hotols on \Vednes_ day. The proprietress of another hotel having heard that a townsman had made some remarks reflecting on her family followed him around and horsewhipped him. Sho then used other missiles, marking Him severely and necessitating the calling in of medical aid. At an auction sale of town allotments at Mudgoe last Thursday as high as £12 p»r foot for land was bid iu Market-street. A slaughterman at Wellington died at the local hospital from lockjaw last thursday. Five days proviouely he trod on a brass nail. Owing to the recent fall of rain at Blaynoy, it is exacted that a large number of stock will soon be returned to that district from relief country. Numbers of codfish, soaoe weighing upwards of 301bs„ have been latoly picked up near the junction of the Molonglo and Queanbeyan rivers. It is believed that the stagnant, muddy water killed them. A well-known inlander, spoaking of the pastoral outlook says : " No matter how muoh rain may como, it will take a good many of our utockowners years to get on their feet again, lew have means to purchase for re-stocking, and they will have to breed up again." A message from West Australia says —"Tho Wandering district, on the Great Southern railway, has been swept by a disastrous bush-fire ; 5000 acres of grass have been consumed, and many miles of fencing destroyed.. Settlers, with great difficulty, saved their stock and homesteads." During the last few days fairly hsovv rain have fallen in most of the parched aroas of Viotoria. Almost every dis trict reports that winter grass is now assured One of the biggest fires ever seen at Bourke broke out about daylight last Sunday. A terrace of ehopB was des troyed. The damage is estimated nt £6000. Tho New Zealand Agent-Genernl oables that the quantity of Argentine mutton imported into the United Kingdom during February was 253,271 caroues. Thejquantity of Argentine butter-imported for the same month was 404 tone. 