Hews, Notes, and Comments. The bot fly has made its appearance in the Hay district, having been brought there by horses sent away for feed last summer. Mr. James Beadle, a farmer near Moling, had his collarbone broken, besides receiving other injuries, owing to bis horse falling with him. Sheepowners in the Molong district are send «V/.An +s- siffiAv* wins fn avoid the daDSSf Ol iUg DUvCJ' tw ' - ? ? ? ? - i grass seed, which threatens to become a $erzou6 trouble this year. Bee farming has a hopeful outlook in the Windsor district. The forests are laden with flowers, and the bees that are swarming are full of promise. rA' farm of 16 acres on the Wilberforce road, and known as Cobcroft Farm, was sola toy auction recently at £45 per acre to Mr. J. Hall, of Wilberforce. 'All the starving stock removed from the West during the drought have not yet returned, but It is expected that they will all be back by December 7 on the old pastures. The Argentine Minister for Agriculture has deceived a communication from the Consul at Capetown, informing him that 100 emigrants 3 vet& about to leave for Buenos Ayres with a Capital of £20,000. The Scottish Australian Investment Com pany has continued to feel the force of the ad verse season, having made a further loss of '£17,957 on the half-year, increasing the debit balance to £161,805. The caterpillars near Molong are so thick Ihat parts of the railway line are covered with them, and the train had to be stopped on Mon day to allow the rails to be swept for some illetance before the engine could proceed again. East week a splendid sale of horses was held at Mumbil, near Wellington, and a record pried for the district was realised. Farmers jwere anxious to buy, and bidding was keen. One lot of 10 draughts averaged £30 5s, one inare realising £36. The train from Tumut to Cootamundra has Seen stopped twice by caterpillars. At the Second time the sand failed to make the wheels grip the rails, and it was not until jsags were tied to the cowcatcher that the train was able to get along. These cater pillars extended for miles. Sixteen steamers landed cattle, sheep, sheep Carcases, and fresh beef at Liverpool recently In one week from the various North aud South American and Canadian ports, making a total of 6480 cattle, 2536 sheep, 82,099 sheep carcases, and 28,018 quarters of beef. rK bushfire occurred on Monday at Mr. H. Thompson's farm, Bungowannah, in the How long district. The homestead had a narrow 'escape from being burnt. By the help ot neigh bours the fire was got under control. About tight acres of crop and a quantity of grass were destroyed. The Railway Commissioners have made the following announcement:— ''Charge . for, the storage of grain and flour, Darling Harbour grain shed, at owner's risk, in other than the leased spaccs, shall be at the rate of 3d per ton per week or any part thereof.' The charge to take effect on and after December 1, 1903. A London cable says: Mr. Green, the secre tary of the Rural Labourers' League, in a letter to the 'Times,' states that the number of farmers and agricultural labourers has de creased from 1,670,000 in 1851 to 981,633 in 1901. The' area under wheat has decreased from 3,350,390 acres in 1866 to 1,681,587 acres in 1903. Mr. S. M'Caughey had the misfortune to lose by death his noted ram Gribben, one of the leading sires in the Coonong stud, and one of the best ever bred on that place. As a two tooth Gribben had one of biB' legs broken when exhibited at the Sydney Sheep Show. He has left behind him a large and highly promising progeny. The New Zealand Loan and Mercantile Agency Company, Ltd, reports the sale (in con junction with Messrs. M'Gregor and Travers, of Glen Innes) of Chinchilla station, on the Southern Queensland railway line, comprising 268 square miles, together with 2145 head of cattle and 70 horses, at a satisfactory price, to Sir. A. S. Menzies, heavy storm passed over the Millie run, ftear Charleville (Q.), where a mob of Well Bhotsheep were travelling. A vivid flash of lightning, followed instantly by a tremendous nSal of thunder, killed nine sheep and a dog. {The drover, Evans, had a wonderful escape, as lie was standing only a yard from the dog at the time. As it was, he lost tbe use of his {limbs for 10 minutes. An elderly man named Sirith rode up to the Strath dan froolshed, near Longreoch, on Thursday and front into a hut where a bucket Etood containing an iisfenical preparation for sheepskins, Smith, thinking i£ was water, drank a con«idwral-le quantity and then lay down in anotker rcom. The cook thorily afterwards heard him groaning and found him suffer He administered emetics but uusucci ssfully, (he man dying shortly aiterwardB. The Commissioner of Public 3Vorks in South Australia last week received a tele gram stating that good fresh water had been Struck at Coonanna, at a depth of 2025ft. The 'discharge from the bore was equal to 500,000 gallons per day. The new bore is on the Mount Brown track, between Hawker and th6 New South Wales border, and will supply ah important stock route. This is the second successful bore on this route. To the order of the Queensland Department Of Agriculture 900 bushels of seed maize will arrive shortly from America (says the ''Queenslander'). This maize includes some nOjr varieties which the department will try, fend to that end will dispose «f some of tho consignment to farmers who desire to try it. JIlio department has before introduced new varieties, and many of these have been tried srith success at theWestbrook State Farm. The' following was cabled out last Wed nesday. Sir Horace Tozer, the Agent General for Queensland, learning that imports of Russian live cattle are given an , advan tage under the Malta meat duties to the ex tent of one half-penny a pound compared with Australian frozen meat, is pressing the Colonial Office to amend the Malta tariff so as to equalise the duties on Russian ana Australian products.' Two charges of sheepstealing in the South have been adjudicated upon. At Braldwood Quarter Sessions Henry Godbee and Albert ^Eng lish were each sentenced to 12 months' im prisonment, three months of tbe term to be remitted upon them entering into a bond to be of good behaviour for 12 months. At Gundagai Quarter Sessions Dennis Dunne was found :-ot guilty. On charges arising out of the same case Dunne was remanded on bail to the next sessions. The question of bush fires was discussed at the meeting held at Wagga last week of the Murrumbidgee P. and A. Association. It was suggested that if the sale of wax matches were prohibited it would minimise the risk of fires a great deal; also that tbe local merchants and storekeepers should be approached with the view of asking them to stop selling wax matches. Mr. M'Nickle, of Currajong, said that all the men on his estate were supplied free with wooden matches, and anyone found using wax ones was instantly dismissed. The question is often asked up to what age will a mare breed, and how m any foals is the average animal likely to throw. This is, of course, a difficult inquiry to reply to (says the 'Live Stock Journal,' — in fact it is an im possible one, but something approaching a record is forthcoming in the case of a half bred mare belonging to a gentleman resident in Cumberland. This animal is 26 years old, and has bred her owner 17 foals in the space of 18 years. She is, moreover, believed to be in foal again; truly, a remarkable instance of fruitfulness on the part of a mare. At the annual picnic of the Sydney and Suburban Master Bakers' Association, last week, Mr. G. S. Blair, president of the asso ciation, said he was satisfied that there was no flour in the world to compare with that grown, in New South Wales, and he spoke as a practical man in touch with consumers daily. He would be extremely glad to get back to the State flour again. He thought at first the imported flour would be better than the local, but it was only a case of 'birds far away have beautiful feathers.' The people wanted more flavour in their bread than they got from the imported flour. Other speakers endorsed the president's remarks. Mr. Cheeseman, organising secretary; Mr. N. A. Gatenby, of Jemalong; Mr. Taska, and Mr. Mooney, delegates from the Lachlan Wyangla Water Conservation League, ad-, dressed a meeting at Hillston. The following motion was carried: — 'That a petition be sent to the Minister for WorkB asking him to place a sum on the Estimates for the LachlanWy angla storage works, also that a deputation from each town along the Lachlan 'Valley should convey the resolution to the Minister, and endorse the action of the Lachlan and Wyangla League In connection with the pro posed storage dam at Wyangla, and pledge themselves to use every endeavour to have the work carried out.' The need of proper flaying of hides has been a subject of complaint from hide buyers, tan ners, and agents for many years past. A recent sale by. Messrs. €roldsbrough, Mort, and Co., fully emphasises the value of proper flay ing* Messrs. Little and Budd, of Murwillum bah, recently exhibited two hides at the Tweed River district show, which were excellent ex amples of proper flaying. The hides were not extraordinarily large, but were from well conditioned animals, which were no harder to flay than fat cattle. The two hides were sent to Sydney, and were included in Friday's sales, when they brought 6?d and 7Jd per lb respec tively. With the ordinary careless flaying, these hides would have realised 4gd per lb. Albury stockowners and agents complain of tbe serious hindrances to moving stock across the border, owing to a notification by the Victorian chief inspector of stock that . all land in New South Wales is to be treated as if infected with anthrax, if lying west of Wo donga, and east of Cobram, running north from Cobram to Billabong, and north from Wodonga to Junee. Lindsay and White Bro thers, of Kiewa, Victoria, sent £00 head of cattle to Urana for graBB three months ago. They were bringing the cattle home, and on arrival at the bridge were Informed by the stock inspector at Wodonga that he could not allow them to cross unless the cattle were inoculated. A circular has been issued by the chief inspector of Btock, intimating that any outbreak of swine fever must be notified to the local inspector 'by the owner within 48 hours of the discovery. An owner neglecting to comply with the regulation is liable to a fine not exceeding £50. 