Topics of theDay. [Items of interest from any correspondent forwarded to as will be published in this column: J "As Others See Us." — There will probably be a keen contest {says Tuesday's Glen Innes Examiner) for the Armidale seat rendered vacant through the resigna tion of Mr. E. Lonsdale, wbo is discarding State politics in the hope of winning New England for the Opposition in the House of Representatives. At the last election Mr. Lonsdale defeated Mr. Wilson by the nar-; row majority of 28, the figures being 935 against 907. During the years that he re presented Armidale Mr. Wilson proved him self an ideal country member. Under his efforts the wants of the place were diligently attended to ; and it mattered not what party was in office, he managed to get a full share of public expenditure for his charge. We have no desire to discount the merits of the other aspirants—both being good men ; but we think Mr. Wilson has stronger claims. He enjoyed the confidence of both sides of the House, and he has trained political acumen, and ripe know ledge of the district's wants. His influence, private and public, should strongly assist in recommending him to the Armidale body politic. The City will be fortunate if it returns Charles Graham Wilson. There may be more able men in the State, but there is not one more diligent, upright, and conscientious than this same gentleman. Whole Family Stricken Down —A severe case of ptomaine poisoning oc curred at Bogandillon on Sunday night, when nine members of Mr. Hope's family were stricken down. Dr. Ross was sum moned from Condobolin, and found that the family had been poisoned through eating pie made from corned mutton. Remedies were administered, and all the patients are now recovering. Serious consequences might have resulted only for a Mr. Kemp, from Borambil, visiting the homestead, when he found that not one of the family was able to go for assistance. Mr. Keinp then rode to Borambil, 10 miles distant, and telephoned for the doctor, who had to travel 20 miles. Fatal Railway Accident.—Geo. Baker, a married roan, employed as a coach builder in the Railway Department, was proceeding to work on Wednesday morning, when he was caught, while walk ing near the railway line, near Macdonald Town, by a passing train, which went right over his body. The unfortunate man was found huddled up and quite dead. The ac cident happened near a crossing. Police Court.—At the Police Court , yesterday, before Mr. E. M. Cohen, a young fellow named Wm. Starling was charged with being drunk and disorderly in Marsh-street, and pleaded guilty. He was also charged with riotous behaviour in the lock-up after arrest. To this charge he pleaded not guilty. Constable Duncan, lock-up keeper, gave evidence in support of the charge, and the accused was fined, for the first offence, 10s. or three days1 impri sonment, and for the second offence 20s. or seven days1 imprisonment. The fines were paid by the offender's mother. Mr. Cohen, addressing accused, Warned him that if he came before the Bench again the punish ment would fall not on his mother, but on himself, as he would be sent to gaol with out the option of a fine. Premiers and Their Riches.— It is somewhat of a coincidence that Lord Salisbury's will should disclose an estate within a couple of thousands or so of his father's, which was proved 35 years ago at £300,000. Mr. Balfour is much wealthier than his uncle, the Premier's income, it is said, being about £70,000 a year. The money, came from his grandfather, who earned a vast fortnne in India at the be ginning of last century by contracting for the navy, making as much as £300,000 in four years. When the income tax stood so high during the Boer war, it was stated that Mr. Balfour handed over to the In land Revenue an amount equal to his salary as Prime Minister. Lord Salisbury was another exceedingly wealthy man who has been Premier. Mr. Gladstone, on the other hand, was a comparatively poor man, al though so skilled at finance. He was fairly wealthy at one time, but unfortunate in vestments in mines reduced his capital very much. At Hawarden lie was merely a tenant for life, the property belonging to his grandson. Lord Beaconsfield never had much money of his own, although his novels, it is well known, brought him in big sums. He had expensive habits, and the fortune which his wife brought him was more than welcome. The Senate.—Mr. J. T. Cuneen, who is one of the two selected protectionist can didates for the Senate, is connected with the Xnverell Times, and his claims are largely , based on the fact that he is an expert on land matters. He has had special experi ence in the Eastern and Central divisions, and took a prominent part in the work of getting the Inverell railway passed through Parliament. The State Revenue.—The revenue returns for the month just closed were re ceived on Monday from the Treasury De partment. They show a decrease of £120,153, as compared with the amount of revenue received during the corresponding month of 1902. The Treasurer, when asked that evening for an explanation of the £aet~ that.the surplus.revenue returned by the Federal Treasurer 3s ^109,433 less than dur ing November of las£ year, said that it was accounted for by the fact that two special payments were made last month, but did not come into the operations of November, 1902\. The first of these special payments was £88,000, being New South Wales' con tribution to the naval subsidy, whilst the second was £8000 in regard to special postal matters. A Strange Occurrence.—While a mob of 500 bullocks were travelling to Lake Comal Station, in the Western dis trict, a bullock trod upon a full box of wax matches, igniting the grass. Only for the prompt action of the drover a serious bush fire might have resulted. The box had been carelessly dropped by someone, and the incident shows how great a danger exists in using wax matches in the country at -the present time. A Sea Bath.—A strange occurrence was witnessed by Mr. W. Finlayson at the Seven-mile Beach, below Gerringong, dur ing the intense heat on Friday. While driving along the beach he observed an object sporting about in the breakers which on closer inspection turned out to be a large kangaroo. The marsupial appeared to be enjoying his sea bath immensely, and was quite loath to leave it, on Mr. Finlay son's approach, quite leisurely making its way to the bush close by. It is said this is the first kangaroo seen in that vicinity for 10 or 12 years, and the first known to take a sea bath, which may be accounted for by the fact that the thermometer stood at from 110 to 120 degrees. The Kaiser's Throat.—The Vienna Allegemeine Zeitung states that certain uneasiness prevails in Berlin in Court circles in regard to the Kaiser's throat, and that there is talk of the probability of a new operation. ' There is no question of- the patient being in any danger, the At.t.egb meixe Zeitung states, but the healing pro cess of the wound caused by the pperation has given rise to unexpected complications rarely following the simple operation, which was for the so-called *4 singer's polypus." The Guards' Baud.—The famous Salvation Army baud, known as the No. 1 Guards, gave an open air performance in the Central Park on Tuesday afternoon in aid of the funds of the local hospital. The exquisite music of the band attracted a large number of visitors to the pretty park, and a very pleasant and enjoyable hour was spent in listening to the dulcet strains. The result of the collection was the addition (including subsidy) of £12 12s. to the hos- ' pital funds, for which the committee of the institution are very grateful to the Guards and the public. On Tuesday evening the Guards gave an entertainment to a fairly large audience at the Town Hall. An ex cellent vocal and instrumental programme was submitted, and was highly appreciated, the ,■ most popular being young Captain M'Anally's superb cornet solo, "The Holy City," which we have never heard better or more sympathetically played. The young cornetist and conductor, in response to a tumultuous " encore,"again brought down the house with " Home, Sweet Home," played with rare sweetness and delicacy. The quartettes, " Rocked in the Cradle of the Deep" and " Massa's in the Cold, Cold Ground," were sung with a precision of tone that would have done credit to the original Jubilee Singers, one of the singers especially being gifted with a voice that the great M'Adoo himself might have envied. A "Farmyard Quartet" caused much amuse ment, but the finest instrumental effort of the Guards was their magnificent rendition of " The Dead March in Saul," which has never been surpassed, if ever equalled, in Armidale, and held the audience inside, and a large number outside, spell-bound by the grand organ-like tones of the . excellent band. Altogether the visit of the Guards;, was a great musical treat, and we cordially congratulate Adjutant Dixon and Ms com rades on the success achieved. Wedding-. —St. Paul's" Presbyterian Church was crowded on Wednesday even ing, when Mr. Frederick Lamb, the popular Carlton footballer, was married to Miss Lydia, Stuart Love, youngest daughter of Mr, John Love, loeo. inspector in the rail way department. The sacred edifice had been very beautifully decorated by the young ladies of the Sabbath School and choir. The happy eouple stood under a large floral wedding bell and horseshoe. The bride was attired in white silk, trimmed with chiffon, white satin ribbon, and hand made silk,torchon lace (the gift of the late Captain Wright). She also wore the cus tomary wreath and a handsomely em broidered veiL The bride was attended by Miss Effie Lambert, who wore a very pretty white silk dress trimmed with insertion and , medallions, and a pale green picture hat. She also wore a gold bangle, the gift of the bridegroom. The groomsman was Mr. Arthur Kelk, of "Wyoming," Wands worth. The ceremony was performed by the Rev. James Love, minister of Walcha, and brother of the bride. After the cere mony, a sumptuous breakfast was partaken of at the residence of the bride's parents in Markham-street, and the happy couple left by the mail train for Sydney, where the honeymoon is to be spent. Mrs. Lamb's travelling dress was of blue linen crash strapped and piped wit the many beautiful presents! the Methodist Church ehoil terian Church choir and Carlton F.C., junior Carlt ployees of. the firm of T. . We cordially, join in the general fell! to the newlyrwedded pair, and many happy years of always inc happiness and prosperity. < Horse Sale.—Walter J. Hawke and Co. report baring yarded about 120 head of horses at their auction sale on Wednesday last. There was a good attendance, includ ing buyers from Maitland, Scone, and Taift worth. Heavy and light harness horses were in good demand, and realised up to £21 10s. Ponies of about 14 hands found ready sale at good .'prices, but medium quality light horses were difficult todisgpse of, the majority having too high a reserve for purchasers to operate on. . We disposed of 52 by auction, averaging £9 4s. per head. The above, as regards prices, constitutes one of the most successful sales ever held in Armidale, which goes to prove what we have always maintained that good sorts of horses and good quality stock will command equally as good prices in our Armidale market as elsewhere. They can find a ready markefc locally, which is equal to any of the other horse selling centres in the State. • ' , *. td^Or.-|j^mrr:A - reform:'of,,the; the principal Act whs passed 29 years ago. Having gone to so much trouble, I will feel sorely disappointed if the Government ! does not carry the bill next session. (Mr. Wad dell). Fire Brigades' Demonstration. —Preparations for the great demonstration on Boxing Day, in which over sixty fire brigades will be represented, are proceeding rapidly under Captain Webb's direction. The water has been laid on to the paddock opposite the gas works in Beardy-street, where the demonstration will take place, the ground itself is being cleared and levelled where necessary, and a temporary, very high fence is in course of erection all round the ground. Provision is also being made for effectively lighting the ground at night, when a very attractive entertainment will be given. The booths and other privileges - in connection with the demonstration— which, next to the elections, is the topic of the hour—will be sold by auction by Messrs. G. Allingham and Co. at their rooms in Beardy-street on Tuesday next at three o'clock. Highland Gathering.—The follow ing gentlemen have been appointed to act as judges, stewards, etc., at the grand Highland Gathering on New Year's Day: Piping and dancing: Judges, Messrs. D. M'Donald, J. M'Lean, J. Nicoll; stewards, Messrs. D. M'Rae, W. Wilson, G. M'Rae, A. M'Phee, T. Arnott, A. J. Murray; jumping, Messrs. J. M'Lennan, D. Eraser, and A. M'Rae; quoits, Messrs. W. Smith and R. W. Holmes; miscellaneous jndges, Messrs. J. Love, J. Magrath, J. Kidd, and G. M'Bean; stewards, Messrs. T. N. Rae, L. N. M'Kay, J. Moore, A. K. Cameron, J. M'Lennan, R. Claude, D. Davidson, and J. M'Innes; recorder of events, Mr. J. Cameron; assistant hon. secretary, Mr, .J. P. Lewis. A special train - service from Tamworth, Uralla, and Glen Lines, to Armi dale and back, has been arrangcd for tiie - eonveniCnce of visitors to the popular gathering. . . . .. : 1 