Theatre Royal.—The Breaking of the Drought. That inelodiaraa is popular with the masses was abundantly proved on Monday night when Mr. Bland Holt staged a purely Australian story " The Breaking of the Drought," staged it in a style that, for realism and picturesqueness, could scarcely be surpassed even by Bland Holt himself. The prosperous squatter, the drought stricken squatter ; the .gilded pleasures and vice of the City of Sydney combined with the abject poverty endured by the squatter and his family, form the groundwork of the story, which is the life of the Gallowaysfather, mother, son and daughter. In the first picture—for Mr. John Brunton's scenes in the production are most undoubtedly pictures—we are introduced to the family on the .homestead—a country picture replete with all that canvbe.imagined in the form of plenty, the results of,a good season, and this ; s followed by another set showing the extreme conditions produced by •gaunt drought ; the landscape driod up, and trade evep.. more realistic by the bones of animals perished by starvation, the tableau culminates in a bush-fire in which a man on horseback, galloping "feF (life amid falling trees and lurid flume, rescues a Irian overtaken by the fire in the bush. Then we ..are ta&an; to Sydney with a number of pictures of much'rartistic skill. Little Coogee with its baths are shown, with the swimmers—impersonated by the Kellermans and others—and where a clever display of swimming skill is shown. Paddy's Market, Sydney, with its stalls, its leather-lunged hawkers, and the rooms of the Hurricane Club, a .gorgeous gambling saloon, where a very pretty ballet is introduced. Mossman's Bay was, perhaps, the most admired of the tableaux ; it was a triumph of stagecraft, and the stage management, setting apd painting were each and all lavishly praised by the audience. The drama itself, written by Arthur Shirley, was really subsidiary to the scenery. One could scarcely say the scenes were for the story, it was the reverse, the story accounted for the scenes. Joe Galloway, played by Mr. Arthur Styan, is a typical " bush cocky " of the backblocks, whose son, capably played by Mr. Max. Maxwell, forges his father's name to a cheque for a large amount at the instigation of a money lender, a character evidently to the liking of Mr. Albert Normaa, who was Al as to the manner born in the gentlemanly villaiu. The family, by reason of the losses en- ? tailed by the forgery, drought and fire, is reduced to want, and go to Sydney, where Galloway fills a situation as a scavenger and his wife.runs a stall in the market. Then there is a turn in misfortune's tide, mainly by the actions of Mr. Baker, as Tom Wattleby, a horsedealer, in love with the squatter's daughter Marjorie, who, assisted by a comic rouseabout, Bland Holt, always turns up all through the drama in time to defeat the machinations of the villain, and eventually marries Marjorie, gets Gallow ay put back on his old station, and generally restores the fortunes of the family. The son also is repentant, and as everything finishes up as wanted, including the arrest of the villain for murder, all ends satisfactorily. Miss Harrie Ireland gave a very interesting delineation of a woman of pleasure, aud Miss Ross, as Marjorie, was particularly effective, her performance in the saloon of vice being a very clever piece of acting. Of course there are many improbabilities in the piece, but these ar« a ways looked at from a melodramatic point by Royal andiences, who would saorn a drama without a villain who killed somebody and a hero who always turns up in the nick of time to rescue the person just killed. It must be conceded that the present production is a good all-round one, and undoubtedly instructive to the townite who now has drought aud bush fires brought to within seeable distance—sights he should certainly go and view. Her Majesty's.—Secret Service. There are only two more nights—to-night and to- morrow—on which to see Mr. Daniel Frawley in his masterly characterization of the Confederate Spy, for on Saturday night the programme will be changed to Sardou's clever French comedy " Madame Sans Gene." The version to be presented will 1 e quite different from that shown us by Mrs. Brough, and has been played with much success in America. Miss Van Buren in the title r≤ is said to be at her best, and Mr. Frawley has a congenial.part as Napoleon, while the character of Fouch<5, the head of the police, will be filled by Mr. Shaw, who created the part in America. Mr. Harrington Reynolds and Miss Blanchq Douglas, just arrived from the United States, will make their first appearance in it, and if American critics speak the truth will be a material assistance to the company. It is scarcely necessary to run over the plot of the play which has a prologue and three acts, and consists mainly of life at the Court of Napoleon. A romantic (Strain is given to the story by Madame Sans GeneVintercession with the Emperor on behalf of the young Austrian nobleman who finds tiimself-in a'serious position clue lo an indiscreet rendezvous with the Empress. "Madame Sans Gene will be followed by "Arizona." Princesses Theatre.-As You Like It. .'M.s;.you Like It " loses none of .lis ehaitn on a -s|co.,d:.visit. .. Scenery, music a.id.ncthjg alike will several seemgs before one is satiated <If (llu music, scarcely too much can be said in .'.praise, so Very beautifully does tho orchestra lend itself to the task.of interpretation, and here the young conductor, |fr. Albert. Zelman, comes in for chief credit. His and his band's rendering-of tho selection of pld English airs, of Cowen's " Four English Dances in the Olden .Style," of Sullivan's "Incidental Music to Henry VIIL," or German's " Masque Music to ' As You Like It,"' is worth hearing for its own sake,.without reference lo the play, so dear to Shakspearian students. Mr. Kenningham's singing of the songs is delightful, and the glees very good indeed, whilst the two children's delivery of the pages' song, " It was a Lover and his.Lass " is deemed by some to be the brightest hit of the play ; they sing it according to the text, " Both in a tune like two gipsies on a horse." The " melan- Chply Jacques of Mr. Bucklaw is a- fine piece of acting so unforced, yet so forceful, one waits folium with keenest anticipation and sees bim go off with regret ; greater compliment could be paid no lector. The play has been closed up so that the audience starts for its homes in good time compared to the 11.30 of the first night. Intending visitors should remember that the overture commences at the quarter to eight, that none of the music should be missed, and that the curtain rises five minutes later. Opera House—Tivoli Co. There were large a I tendances at both the matinee and evening performances at the Opera House yesterday the feature being the Lst appearance of the versatile Rudmoff. The programme as it stands already strong, threatens to become more attractive on Saturday next, when the Boisett Family eleven in number, will make their first appearance These artists have been described by our Sydney contemporaries as the most wonderfully entertaining combination that has ever visited Australia Miss Connie Hamilton " the charming Westralian contralto" and Rodda Perry " the. phenomenal alto nightly receive that applause which is justly their due. Miss Maud Perman, the Lingurd Sisters and Miss May Ross have established themselves as warm favourites, while the evergreen Will Whitburn and the irrepressible Jay W. Winton aud his amusing friend, M'Ginty, leave nothing to be desired. In addition to the marvellous Boisett Family we are invited to expect on Saturday next Mr. W. C. Fields, Americas most celebrated songster. Cyclorama of Jerusalem. The Holy Pilgrim, Mr. N. Copeland, continui s his peregrinations around Melbourne streets aud reminds business people and visitors to the city that Jerusalem is within anybody's reach. Tlie number of persons thereby influenced to visit Eastern Hill is appar ntly very large, for the building is crowded day and night. The p-esent double programme will be continued until furtlur notice. The Mutoscope. This is an age in the slottage and therefore there there is little room left, for surprise at any mechanical device which will enable us to see or do anything for the modest brown.. But the Muloscope changes all that. It has all the advantages of the Bioscope and the Cinematograph without°its disadvantages. We will not suffer from mutoscop.'c eyes. There is no flicker and the machine can be stopped at will. As a street entertainment, the mutoscope is at once the cheapest and the best. Most glowiug accounts have been received of Mr. Pollard's Opera Company in South Africa. Full houses and great enthusiasm are the prominent features of the tour, and it seems tolerably certain that the financial results will be most satisfactory. Miss Celia Mavis, of Mr, J. F. Sheridan's Musical Comedy Co. Bijou Theatre.—The Lady Slavey. From the time when " Chinatown" made its appearance at the Princess's, Melbourne has had a continuous attack of the form of entertainment known as musical comedy, good, bad or indifferent. A writer once described musical comedy as a struc • ture of music hall songs and dances built on a slender foundation of a more or less incoherent plot, and although the latest production has many features which to a large extent redeem it from a superior variety show, yet " The Lady Slavey" belongs to the same category as the many musical comedies which have preceded it. One of the many good features are its dances, arranged and participated in by Miss Minnie Hooper. It is a long time since such perfectly trained ballerinas in really novel and attractive dances have been seen in Melbourne, and another big feature is tlie acting, singing and dancing of Miss Celia Mavis in the name part. Her performance all through was of the best, and brought to memory Ada Reeve's appearance in "The French Maid," One almost expected to hear the cry from the gods, " Over Ada." Yet another good all-round performance was that of Mr. Sydney C. Carden, who played a dude, Lord Lavender, in love with an actress, and the fun never flagged while he was on the stage. " The Lady Slavey is in two long acts, the first very flat and draggy, and the second just' the opposite, bright and sparkling. In the first act we are introduced to Major O'Neill's creditors 'at that gentleman's residence on the Thames. He is an impecunious Irish landlord with three pretty daughters, Maudie and Beatrice (Misses Heba Barlow and Katie Courtrice) and Phyllis, the Lady Slavey, who acts as the servant in order to disguise her father's insolvent position. The creditors, mostly ladies, are got rid of by an invitation to a dinner given in honour of an American millionaire in search of an English wife, when two bailiffs arrive with an order to distrain on the furniture for rent. The two bailiffs are Roberts and Captain Fitzmaurice, the former J. F. Sheridan, as he is known in every day life, the latter F. Wentworth, a gentleman with a lugubrious cast of features and a melancholy voice. The bailiffs are persuaded to stay on as footmen, the millionaire falls in love with Phyllis, notwithstanding the blandishments of her sisters and Miss Flo. Honeydew, a music hall artist, played by Miss Minnie Hooper, and J. F. Sheridan poses as a millionaire for a little while in order to oblige Mr. Evelyn, the real man of cash. Thus the plot, hedged in with numerous items of apparently no connection whatever, unless we except a ' barrer' to wheel away the furniture on, and held by Bailiff Roberts-Sheridan as a threat over the Major's household. The music is of every possible kind, a quintette, unaccompanied, " Wedding Bells are Ringing," and the finale of the 1st act are worthy in grand opera, and one or two of the soli are also very tuneful, including " The Lily and the Rose," by Miss Mavis. That lady and Mr. Sheridan also sang a duet which found much favour with the house, representing different nations and fully worthy of a place in—pantomime, while another duet sung by Miss Hooper and Mr.- Carden;. illustrative of how animals, love, should only be given in select society, notwithstanding its pretty air. Sprinkled right throughout the second act are songs, duets, trios, etc., and an exceedingly pretty coon song, with imitation banjo chorus, and dance by Miss Hooper, whi e a red,.white and blue umbrella dance, by the Criterion iady ballerinas, is worth of special mention. J; F. Sheridan, who plays three characters, is the Sheridan of old, wife of the late lamented O'Brien—not even: his make up as bailiff, footman or millionaire can disguise her—him. The other part', with the exception of those already mentio ed, are mostly small, some of them well, others very badly played, and it only remains to recommend the liberal use of the blue pencil, more particularly on the many repetitions and gags throughout the. piece, which get monotonous and lose their point. , ^ ^ Mr. Jay VV. Winton and McQinty lcQinty,\cW their final appearances at the e Opera Hou^daClS-- leaving for Ent>l.mcl, 