The Season. Recent rains have further benefited crops in the Bathurst district, and a bountiful harvest is expected. Around Camden paste! alists and dairymen are jubilant at the prospects, and predict a successful Benson. Tiefoil and other ^grasses tbat have not been seen for jean are now plentiful. Poisonous weeds, Cape weed, and other weedB new to the district are growing also. Stringent measures are being exercised to eradicate tho noxioua weeds, which are supposed to have been imported with chuff dur ing the drought. Lucerne is being cut and made into hay. Crops of all kinds are growing luxuri antly. The country round Carcoar is looking well. There is abundance of grass, aud a record crop is anticipa ted. Crops in theCowra district promise to turn out bet tei than for years past. The crops around Oondobolin are looking remark ally well. The wheat yield, piovidiug favourable conditions continue, should be from 12 to '2'2 bushels per acre, and hay from one I to Li ton per acre. Although the crops about Cargo aro healthy and luxuriant, rain is needed to ensure best results. Some of the crops around Coolamon are over 6ft. high. Patches have been knocked down by the re cent heavy wind and rain. It ib expected tbat they will rise again. Hay-cutting will begin in about a fortnight. Present prospects indicate a four to five bag yield of wheat next harvest. Eugowra farmer^ prospects were never better. This district was about 25 j ears ago noted for corn growing, as hfghes 9 bushels to the acre having beeu obtained. Many farmers are now engaged plant ing corn. ' Wheat crops around Culcaim are coming ont in bloom, and a nice fall Of -rain would do them a lot of good. Oat olopa are very high, some places quite 6ft, and still growing. There is abundance of grass, and care will have to be exercised to prevent _ bush fires during the summer. Insurance companies will net cover risks tinleas fire breaks one chain wide be cut and ploughed round crops. CrbpB around Beulbah, Eulah, and Deep Creeks in thB Narrabri district are very promising. No com plaint has been made of the description of wheat supplied either by Government or private firms. Around Baan Baa district on small homestead selections selected about 15 months ago, splendid crops are growing. At many places crops have been cut for hay. A big hsrvest seems to be assured around Narro mine. In many oases where the seed was obtained from the Government, the presence of a short- bear- ded wheat is noticed. Tbe heads of this wheat are poor, the ears arowded, and it is evidently unBuited to the district. Lucerne is being cut for hay. Hav-cutting is progressing in the Fiuley district ; tbe yield per acre will be very heavy. At Nevertire hay-cutting has already begun. Most of the crops will, however, be harvested for grain. If the season proves favourable a larger area will be under crop next year. Grass and water aro plenti ful. . Kyngan fanners agree that the coming hay crop will be tbe beet ever seen in these parts. It is con sidered that if at least half an inch of rain does not fall within a week, the crops will be d failure for grain. Stock are in good condition. I Oat crops promise good yields in the Oberon dis trict, and farmers are in high spirits over the out look. Fruit, oat, and other crops growing around Spring wood have been greatly benefited by the seasonable rainfall. At St. Marys the hay crops will be very heavy this season. Early crops are showing signs of rust. Early corn and pnmplan crops have been sown. Harvest operations will be in full swing in the Tamworth district in a month's tune. Around Gid ley, Bective and Winton the crops are a grand pic ture. One firmer expects a yield of IU bags per acre from his early crop. Malting barley crops also look well. Generally speaking Wellington crops are almost perfection. Frost touched a few of the early ones, but an abundant harvest is expected. Ulmaira maize crops are growing well, and lucerne is turning out splendidly. . Potato crops .will not prove so heavy as was expected some time ago. A severe storm at CassDis last week uprooted trees. ^ — mmm unroofed houses, and the accompanying hail con sideiably damaged tbe crops. In some instances crops were completely ruined. Owing to the increased number of artesian bores near Walgett, a larger area is under irrigation than in previous years. The crops on land not irrigated - promise exceptional returns. showery weather prevails nt Picton, and everything points lo a favourable harvest. A tremendous storm accompanied by hail has done a lot of damage to the wheat crops btHrween Eugowra und the Lachlan, where the 'crops wees just showing out in ear. Cereal, crrps around Penrith promise well, but wheat for grain has proved an absolute failure for over 30 years owing to rust. The pea crop, practic ally a new venture here, has been a very heavy one. On the Gundagai river flats variegated thistles are in some places six or eevon feet high. Crops are all that could be desired. - Forbes farmers are highly delighted with harvest prospects. Gtfgandra crops have suffered severely from the effects of a severe thunderstorm. In the town orna mental trees were uprooted. Grass is over 3ft high in parts of tbe Grenfell dis trict. Stock are in splendid condition. Some crops are from five to six feet high, and coming out in ear. In the Gunbar district, near Hay, crops are well forward. Tussock grass and creeping saltbush, which ars good Bbeep feed, are'growing splendidly. Recent rain hna proved of benefit to the Millthorpe crops, which look extremely well. Feel iB abundant. Crops around Young are nearlv fence high and level as a table. A record harvest xs expected. Grass and water are plentiful, stock are fat, and obtainable only at practically prohibitive prices. Cape weed is springing up in the Tabulam dis trict, where Btock have been fed on imported chaff. West Wyalong farmers anticipate a record harvest. Pasture is good, and stock are rolling fat. The crops are exceedingly heavy around Araluen, and pasture is plentiful. Corn planting is almost finished. _ Crops around Barmedman are estimated to yield six bags to the acre, and a uumoer of farmers expect even higher returns . Stock are in splendid condition and prospects are bright in tbe Campbelltown district. In the Cudal district, including Bowman Park, Cranbury. Cargo, Lockwood, Boney Rocks, Torgong, Mandagery, Fair Hill, Manildra, and Gregra, it is expected that early sown crops will yield 25 bushelB per acre. Some paddocks . will probably yield 35 bushels. Late crop returns will depend on the amount of rain that may fall between now and harvest. Hay making will start about the end of this month. An increased area of Wheat has baen sown in the Collarendabii district this year, most of which will be cut for hay. Sorghum, millet,, and rape hive been sown around the artesian bores. These crops give splendid returns when irrigated by bore wator. Very little grass is showing, the growth of herbage being too dense. Mr. Larkin, a selector at Quambone, near Warren, by means of irrigation has a large area under culti vation. He has a splendid crop of wheat 6ft Sin high. Other crops in same locality where' irrigation has not been carried out are from 2ft to 3ft high. Around Wentworth prospacts are bright. Along the Adelaide coach road, grass is reported to be from 4ft to 5ft high. Crops areexceptionally good also. Maize planting is well advanced in the Wingham district. Feed ia plentiful and stock are in excellent condition! Mauy farmers on the low-lying lands near West Maitland have lost heavily through the late floods. A t Ellalong the young com crops were destroyed by surface water, «hicb has subsided, and farmers have decided to plant again. Indications of the promise of the wheat crop in the Mallee districts of Victoria are given in the Rail way Department estimates It is anticipated (hat 488,795 bags will be despatched this season by rail from the stations on the Korongvale and Sea Lake line. In 1898-9 the bags loaded numbered 265,875. The maize crops around Bellinger Heads are look ing splendid, and a big harvest is expected. Stock are in grand condition, water is plentiful, and a grand seison iB anticipated. The severe rain and windstorm which swept over the Dubbo district last week has altered the prospects of the early wheat yield. From Miuore to Dubbo the crops are 6adly knocked about. The late crops, will, however, considerably benefit by the rfcins. Iu places the crops are right up to the feuces on one side, and the m?rsh mallows and foxtail grass an the other. Crops everywhere in the Wagga district are in for ward condition. It is expected that the majority of the crops thrown down by last week's wind and rain storm will rise again. A far larger area is under crop this year around Walleiawang than has been the case for mauy years past. The crops are very forward and strong, aud promise good yields. There is a splendid promise for tbe maize aud pota toe crops in the Bega district. The wheat crops in the Bra id wood district promise to/yield -from 20 to 25 bushels per acre. The acreage sown is far above of that, of last year. Crops are growing fast around Kangaroo Valley, and there is abundance of feed for stock. The crops everywhere in the Molong district are looking magnificent, while iu places the wheat is about 4ft high, and breaking mto ear. The rye cro p near the township is 6ft, and as level as a billiaid table. Tbe crops of rye in the Cumnock district average 7ft. high. . The picspects of an excellent harvest around Glou cester are most assuring. It will be mpch earlier than UBiial. Both wheat and corn crops are in a veiy forward condition, and a heavy yield is anticipa — ft*. ? ' ' «e3. There ia abundance of feed for stock. On many *) laces tii the Gloucester estate it Is 'lit, high. ? The rains last week wrecked many heaTy crop# in the Manilla district. TbeieWill nowTnire to Ws cut forhav. lit some iustancesthe loss If-.Ben5us'J^ many snail farmers an not prepared to «ir ttwr crops for hay. If they do they will have towalt so much longer for a financial return. Rust is increas me, Itioujih the pest hai not yet reachwi a dangeioOB stage. The lute- sown crops are in splendid condi ti«iu utpiesent. _ A lot of hay will be more or less spoilt by the rain and windstorm that fell around Smtfeton last w«sk. Ilust and caterviUare have made their appearance. Barley stncinag will start this wfeefc. A beawy potato crop is expected . Caterpillars are doing great damage iu Ihe young* maize crops. , . if any croin around Sooue have been damaged bv wind aud rain. A, fair wheat yitld is ex* Xusvoztb district crops are looking- wdl»_ Speci men Beads of wheat grown at Gidley, on virgin soil, bavebean shown iu town. The trap from which tb«y were taken is an exerflent owe, and promises to yield eigt.t b; ge to the aci e, - Around Qttfeuubeyan * number of people are oon T'vtiirg heavy crops of all kinds of herbage into entjbce* , Heavy rains have fallen in the districts around-; Qtiinhdi. It Is feared that a continuance of. moisture, will tend to develop rust. HaUstorosJsavelaid; many crops quite, flit, principally mtheCurra bubula, Wmms Creek, Oartleoumntaut, tiuippUy, Wallal-adab, and Willow Trafrdirtiwrts. .. Thaplains country rocapcd tho-ntariiB* vOiywi Jin© Wfintfeflsv is expected that the wheat crops will nwttoo. _ - A-rtcord grain yield ia expected in the Parkes (lis trict. 84alta at wknt out ia ear mensnraw nearly 6ft W, gromn aa Mr. J, Wsfarm at Bogan Gate, were exhibited in the town last week. * Haymaking is in progress around Peak HilL Many wheat crops are estimated to yield from 20 to 25 busbtls per acre. There ia abundance of grass and herbage. ^ _T ' ? Hiymnfr*ng bu begun arooBd Nftrrwn. - A luge aixxioiit will be stalked for local oonKimption. Some farmers expect to harvest SO to 35 bushels of grahi'to the acre, bat tbe majority expect about 25 bushels. . . At Fambula the young craps are thriving wonder fully. A heavy yield » anticipated. At G rat ton formers have stalled digging potatoes. They are satisfied with the prices, £5 to i-6 it's per ton, obtained in Sjduey for iirst shipments. Crops generally are gx-d. .. Early oat crops in the Guyra district ax® looking splendid, but some of the most forward have been beaten down by reoent heavy rains. Fanners are busy getting in the potato crop. Haymaking is in progress at Goondiwiodi (Q.)« Potato-growers in the Bsrxellau district have sus tained losses throbgh the seed decaying in theeround. Late oat crops are looking particularly well. So far no rust has appeared. Large areas have been cultivated and sown around Bowral, mostly with cabbages and potatoes lor market aud maize and oats for fodder and hay. The Eca*jn is somuwhat backward, but the outlook is pro oiving*. High winds have bad the effect of drooping a number of the crops around Teinora. The rains have, however, proved very beneficial, and given an absence of hot winds, buah fires, and other deetaic ti vc agents a record yield should result. Fat stock are numerous and pastures are wonderfully rich in grass and herbage. At* Wyiidbam the season is an excellent one. Crops look,wdl and atock are.in good couiiitipn. .. lit the Corafci district early manse » looking well. Farmers are busy planting- Potato* s have not. been extensively sown, bat the crop promises welL Grass is pbsntitul. J^ilton is experiencing tbe beet sea son for years past, and the growth oli-egetftlionis luxuriant. 1 i. ? ? ? ? r* 