THE LAND; Whoa the existing pastoral leases fall in at the end of J une, the Victorian Minister of Lands will be in possession of the whole of the remaining public estate ; and those -who seek land for settlement are anxiously inquiring, What will he do with it ? After making allowances for all deductions, Mr. Taverner will have about 6.000,000 acres for disposal, and as this is the last that any Victorian Government will have to deal with, it is of the highest importance that it should be carefully administered. Agricultural land is in great demand all over the state at present. Not only are there large numbers of men anxious to take up selections, but those private estates which are being subdivided and sold are eagerly snapped up .it high prices. Mr. Taverner proposes a subdivision into three classes as follows : — " The first will be thrown open for agri cultural selection, the second will be made available in homestead grazing blocks of 5000 to 10,000 acres, and the third will be submitted to public com petition for pastoral purposes." This sounds like a description of the un satisfactory manner iu which our public lands have hitherto been disposed of, and it is certainly nob desirable that such methods should prevail with the last lands upon which people can bo settled by Government action. Addi tional strength is lent to the supposition by the fact that agricultural lands recently thrown open have been divided into blocks running up to 320 acres, and tho remainder is cut up into " homestead grazing blocks." This system gives to the land speculator his opportunity, and his operations iu the past have resulted in nothing but dis aster. Men with barely capital enough to make fair use of 40 acres are thus tempted to take up eight times so much, in the hope that some day they may be able to sell the remainder at a profit, which means that for some years it will bo the breeding place for vermin and the nursery of noxious scrub, whereiu bushfires break out in dry seasons. If, on the o;her hand, the speculative selector can realise at a profit he goes to some other State where he can select a larger area with the money he has in this way acquired, and there he repeats his speculative operations. But if the Minister is well advised ha will allow only small agricultural selections, and all grazing leases will be coupled with such reasonable conditions for improve ment of the land as shall ensure its return later on with au enhanced in stead of an exhausted value. By this means only can the remnant of our public estate be turned to the best purpose, and the opportunity is one which should be used with the utmosb advantage both to the State and to the settlers themselves. 