BURRAWANG : A Noted Estate in the Lachlan District. . ? \- I ? . ? BY LANA. From a progressive and industrial standpoint few pastoral estates in Jsew South Wales better deserve recognition from all classes than Burrawang Station, owned by Tlios. Edols and Co., Limited. This pro perty is situated in, practically, the centre of this State, about 35 miles from Forbes, 40 from Parkes, 27 from Condobolin, and 2i from Yarrabandai railway sid inp, on the Condobolin-Forbes line. It is the largest station on the Lachlan River. I have no record of who first took up the country, bu . the late Mr. Thomas Fdoln purchased the run in JSP. from Francis and Mar tin (Hon. J. G. Francis, of Melbourne, and William Martin). The area of the run was 520,000 acres. To bring such a large scope of country under something like subjugation (for much of it was dense scrub, stony rises, hilly, and mountainous) must have in volved the expenditure of large Bums. To-day ilw size of the run has dwindled to considerably less than half, but in its improved state it rein carrv more stock than when it was first taken up. I was informed thit the cost of improving it has been very heavy, and it is doubtful if the present owners will ever see the out lay returned to them, especially as the money spent in impmving the portion resumed by the Government at the division of runs was only partially al lowed for when tl-e soiord^r! u ok up some of the re P»med luilf. Smiattinqr on the T neWnn has h'en more- of an uphill nature than a paying concern, and politicians and others who used to cee in a pquatter a person to be harassed on every possible occasion have been apt to ferret the oft--n -terrible bHtlinp1 witih fat/- which pastoralistfi had in the pursuit of their occupation. Tn the early days it was not the drought only that hni to be fought. The Lachlan country was overrun with dingoes and marsupials, the losses in sheen by the 'or mer being very heavy. Sheep, cattle, and horse stealers were also plentiful In pood '.irons when the run was onlv partly ptncVcd pts'' rre'' hieh. and when Fummer had fairly set in bushfires kept everybody omployi-1 for weeks and weeks. The putting out of bushftrcs is » pastime I have never wen n^oalistfl at. A few weeks forced employment at this eame would have consider ably changed their wildly expressed opinions on bloated squaWerdorn. THE COUNTRY. There are several varieties 'f *°il °n Burrnwanc, the principal kind being a red sandy loam with a good clay subsoil, which is admirably adapted for wool growing. The red soil on the lun can be divided into two classes, as towards Trundle there is a great depth of loam, and good crops of wheat can be grown, and have been grown, on it in a good season. Towards the wool wash and woolshed the soil is somewhat richer, and when irrigated will grow good crops of lucerne. But the success of wool and wheat prowing depends solely upon the rainfall. The average at Burrawang home stead, about 8 miles north of the river, is about HI inches, which may be considered fairly good. But the records show that it is seldom evenly distributed dur ing the twelve months. At the outstations the fall is much lighter. There are several hills, some fairly wol grassed, others of a stony natii*'1. on the run. Near the homestead is a low range, called 'The Seven Sic ters,' as there are seven distinct peaks. From the highest, which is a trigonometrical station, a grand view of the surrounding country is presented. On the run are also two places which have become famous it the criminal history of this State ; one is now known as the spot where Butler killed one of his vic tims, the other where Ben Hall was shot A good deal of the present leasehold consists of stony rises, scrub, and pine country. This clat. of country, with the ad dition of patches of fairly prated land, will best de Bcribe the improvement leases recently granted to sLe firm. There is a fair extent of Dlain countrv, very lightly timbered, in the centre of the run. This, of course, is considered the best for woolgrowing. Where the soil is richer the land is somewhat heavier tim bered, and there the cattle ar? kent. The timber met with consists mainly of pine, oak, yarran, bos, and budda. The scrub is not hard to kill if tackled at the right time of the year. IMPROVEMENTS. To get a thorough gr.isp of the improved 6tate of the run one must have known it when the late owner first took possession. A large turn lias been spent in clearing timber off country, yet to the stranger there there is little to show for this expenditure. The run is divided into 150 paddocks, besi ' f those used for cultiva tion. The water supply is fairly good. The Lachlan River, Gunningbland, Billabon r, anrj Goobang Creeks. and the large lagoon (an anabranch of GunningblanJ Creek) running past the homestead form the main standby. There are also 12 good wells. A good deal of country surrounding the homestead was at one time of a swampy nature, but by the construction of over 100 miles of drains, all running into the big lagoon, the land has been made sound and sweet. The old homestead on the lagoon is now occupied by Mrs. Edols, 6en., the widow of the late owner, anj her son Edward, the youngest of the four brothers. About 100 yards from it, also fronting the lagoon, another bod, Hedley, who manages the estate, has built a very fine residence, c mfortable and artistic, and on the other side .of the lagoon, which is spannc 1 bv a strongly-built bridge, iivet Frank, a third -»n. Mr. Hood, who is married to one of the daughters, and who looks after the cattle, and Mrs. Grccnslade, an other daughter, also reside at the old homestead. Thus nearly the whole of the family live close to gether, which must be a -ourcc of gratification to Mrs. Edols, sen. The fourth bon. Ernest, resides at what is known as the Woolwasii, about 10 miles away. The finest of many of the go id buildings around the homesteads include the stable, very commodious and strongly built, where a large number of horses can be housed, and the men's quarters, one of the best and most comfortable buildings of the kind I have met witlv during my travels in Austral isia. The walls are built of pise, and this material, assisted by a well -conceived system of ventilation, ensures coolness during the hottest part of the summer. The men's quarters form one of the illustrations, out they do not give any idea of the internal arranges *nts. which are perfect. Each of the ten bedrooms has room for two occupants, and the kitchen and dining-room are apart from them. A large acetylene gas plant has been erected, which supplies the homesteads, etc. The stockyards, vehicle sheds, and other buildings us laliv met with around a well planned homestead haze been strongly built. About a mile away, towards the railway linn, about 100 acres is cultivated for wheaten hay. The crop, when T saw it on my visit, looke-l lemarkably healthy, ami was fully 12 inches above ground. A centrifugal pump on the 'lagoon at the homes'cad supplies the water required for the various flower and vegetable gardens and orchard. The woolshed, perhaps the largest in the State, is fitted with 88 machine shears, and the arrangements for a quick despatch of shearing and wool are very complete. At the woolwash, adjacent to the shed, is the irrigation plant. It const ts of a 30-h.p. engine and a 16in centrifugal pump cf the best make. The irrigation area consists at present of 500 acres, 100 acres of which are under lucerne. The sheep yards and stock yards on the run have 1 een planned on a system that will give the least knoocing about of sheep and large stock. THE SHE3P. Burrawang has been famous /or a great many years as the home of one of the best i oeks of sheep in central New South Wales, and perhaps of the whole State. The li-ht soil of the Lachlan country conduces more to lightness than to yolkiness in the wool, but the staple is of great strength and of grand comb ing quality, equal 'to that produced on the best wool-growing country of Riverina. Whfin the run was owned by Francis and Martin the sheep on the place had a large dash of South Australian blood in them, the rams having been purchased from Dr. Brown, Mount Gambier, and Hurtle Fisher, Mount Schank. The ewes came from the Liverpool Plains, but were shorter in the wool than the rams. The late Mr. Edols | urchased. in 1875, 500 rams from C. B. Fisher. Hill River (S.A.), and 300 rains from Nicholas Bailey, Havilah, near Mudgee. A ram in the latter mob was tound to be so good that he was used in the stud. Competing at Forbes show, this ram beat one bought in Tasmania for thr^t figures. Mr. Edols was induced to purchase four James Gibson (Bcllevue) rams, but tl.e Tasinanian strain did not prove suitable and the progeny was discarded. Jn 1880 six rams were purchased from Peppin and Sons, Wangunella. One of these, Old Bestwoql, laid the foundation of the present liigh reputation of the flock. Two morn high-class Fiud rams were bought from Wanganclla in 1887, also 300 flock rams, mostly of Premier and Warrior strains, i-cmsiilcred two of the best on Wanganclla. Siu.se that yea/ no other purchases have been made. The present quali+v of the sheep show thai a judicious and correct systeji of breeding has been followed. The country has altered the type, the sheep being more blocky, deeper, and shorter on the legs, although as strong in constitution as the WanganelL&s; on their home in Riverina. The greatest number of sheep shorn in one year was in 1894, when 273,000, including 60,000 lambs, gave a clip of 4993 bales, also the lureeet clip ever sent away. The heaviest individual leturn was in 1900 when 20,000 breeding ewes averaged 91b lloz, and the ave rage of the flock all through was SJlb, the wool being light in yolk. As already mentioned, the country will not grow very heavy fleeces. The older rams cut from 251b to 261b, and the two-to -*.h rams something over 201b wool each. The losses v. years of drought have been heavy. In 1882 they w.ounted to over 90,000 sheep, but the greatest gruelling the flock has had 's that through the drought which has just passed i;i that part of the State. It was virtually a drought of many years, which got worse and worse. As many sheep as could be got away 10 rented country, and ns many as could be 6old without too greatly weakening the flock, was the policy resolved upon at 'first; but as the season showed no sign of spending, it was decide.! to feed 120,000 sheep. As events turned out this bold ptroke involved an expenditure of over £100,000 before the last ton of hay and the last bag of wheat were bought. The hand-feeding r..cessitated the employ ment of 200 extra hands. The outcome of it was that -i..,0-K) breeding ewes have been saved. Judged by pm sent rates ruling for high-class breeding ewes, they could not be bought at less u;s'ii from 23s to 30s each. Besides, such a large number of ewes of one stra.n could not now be got together in one year, so Ilia'., heavy as has been the expense, the ewes were worth it. M tW same time the policv adopted by Thos. Edols and Co., Limited, during the drought will remain for ever in the history of this State's pastoral industry as the greatest example set to men who desire to save good sheep in bad seasons. CATTLE AM) HORSES. All the brothers are lovers of high-class iiuinuls, aim in order to place their cattle on as high a pedestal as the sheep a stud herd has been formed. The sires are: — Duke of Barrington 65th, red (imp.), 3 years old (il lustrated), bred by J. A. Pre-.-e, Dray ton, near Thrap stone, England — by Colonel Harrington, who goes back to Oxford 2nd, dam Duchess of Barrington 31st, running back to Old Alicia, a famous ?ow; Count Minstrel ird, roan, 6 years old, bred by Ho i. William M'Culloch, of Victoria, by Minstrel Banning 3rd, dam Countess 43rd, by Grand Duke of Oxford 4th, who, on the dam's side, goes back to Young Favourite, closely related on the dam's side through Duke of O\\.'rrd 4th to some of the stud cows. Also a yearling bull. Rotherfield Gem, by Roan Robin, dam Welsh Gem, uud by Colonel Makins, Henley- on-Thames, England. On the sire's side ih.s young bull goes back to Duke - f Oxford 3rd. The cows are a remarkably fine lot and grandly shaped. The best is Duchess of Barrington 54th, 5 years (illustrated), bred by J. A. Preece (see a.Vvei. by Duke of Bar rington 50th, who goes back to Duke of Oxford 2nd. She was served before leav ng England by Double Barrington, and produced a bull calf, which took first prize at the recent Forbes show The cow was a great prize-taker at the English shows, winning the silver cup in a large class at Peterborough. The next best 's Finny Belle, bv Count Clarence 2nd. da-n Fanny Be le V., who gees b'ck to Duke of Oxford IV. and Danby on the sire's side, and Ladv Byron on the dam's side Fairy Belle was bred by W. H. Tremaine, Northleach England, and was served by Wanderer's Chief, before leaving for her new home. She produced a beautiful red heifer. Another imported cow is Buscot Fairy, ONE OF THE SEVEN SISTERS. Near the Homestead Lagoou. A STUD RAM. GROUP OF STUD EWES. MEN'S HUT AT HOMESTATION, WITH PISE WALLS. STUD RAM, 459 6yrs, bred by A. Henderson, Buscot Park, Herts, by Scottish Chief, who also goes back on the sire's side to Duke of Oxford TV. and Danby, and on the dam's side to Lady Byron. She was served by Now or Never, a champion prize-taker several times at Eng lish shows. I have unfortunately mislaid the pedigree of the fourth imported cow, but' she is as well-bred as are the others. The firm also pun based a grand .ot of stud cows at Wooroowoolgen. on the Richmond River. I saw these, nearly all with calves at foot, and although the stud herd has only been formed two years, there are not many others in this State that will beat it for quality. The man that looks after the stud herd has been for many years in the employ of the Hon. J. IT. Angas, the mted South Australian cattle-breeder. Thus they are under the charge of one that thoroughly understands his work. The horses on the place are a fine lot, and are of the kind which is not often seen to-day. A number of the buggy horses are by Startle, a noted American trotting stallion, and he has sired several that can do a long day's journey, and keep up a pace at from 10 to 14 miles. There is at present only one stallion, a Suffolk Punch, kept on the place. GENERAL. From 1882 to 1890, 150 sheep shown at Forbes won 14 champions, 46 firsts, 1.5 seconds, and 24 special prizes, these being about equally divided amongst the ewes and rams. Since that date, a record has not been kept of the prizes won, but they have been nume rous. At the old homestead. I saw a large sideboard liter lly covered with trophies won at shows. One handsome trophy is worth special mention. It was won by the late Mr. Edols at the Geelong and Western District Society's competition in 1857 for the best managed farm. Many of the selectors in the timbered country towards Forbes have not done well. From inquiries made, I find that the reason of it is that they took the country up without sufficient capit-il, and did not improve it to the best advantage. The result was that several have been obliged to work at outside jobs, to enable them to keen their land. The name of Edols is re vered throughout the district, the sons as well as their late father have ever been ready to extend a helping hand to those in need of it, and this was never made more manifest than during the last drought, when several of the selectors were badly in need of artificial fodder for their stock. GROUP OF IMPORTED STL'D -JO\VS. DUKE OF BARRINGTON, 65th (IMP.). DUCHESS OF BAHRINGTOX, 04th (rMl\\). 