THE PICKET. BY FREO. J. BROOMFIELD. HM i:\vn AT „r n mystery was Mk IJhM KalpliLultreU BR I jRDjB always. Ho & — was wen iikou, hut nohody e e m o d to I!u Kry,l'"h' under- nCA w VK WJ/y h t a nd him. \Tk\ Bhu The cynical said that he <feg was iuserut- able ltccauKe t here was nothing to hide; hut those who knew men susimcted a crypt or a catacomb in his past, sealed hermetically to the eye of cuhuuI ucqunintniicesfiip, to the solicitude of friendship, or even to the searching gaze of love. As a boy I had worked m his office. As I grey up to nuinhood I gruwnlso in his confidence. I became his hook-keej>er, his factotum, his manager and ngcut, and his trusted other voice in all his many ufiuirs. I wns practically the innster of Waiubcrall Saw Mills. Everything was left to my control, and Kalph Luttrcll devoted himself to his city concerns and his parliamentary duties. He was many years my senior, and of course his past was to me only a matter of hearsay. I knew that he hud inherited big estates anil substantial business on the dentil of his uncle; that he had served a probationary period as Hint nil-round man of many responsibilities raited a " clerk " nt his uncle's saw ioUIr; that he had married and reared n family. Beyond these factfl I waa in the (lark as to nis former life until i came to live nt Wnmborull. To me always he appeared as a man of a tragic appearance, hut he never made a sign, gave a hint, invited never a confidence. Kindness and mnuliiicsx oersonificd. ('ourteous as a Chestcrfiel.1, there was, nevertheless, something repressed— something for- lmlilmg— about mm which repelled any thing like an ..attempt at cnufidentnl 'advances. Ah time went on Luttrell's visits to Wntnlieritll grew briefer, until at length they ceased altogether. The city seemed to nlHiorh hint ab solutely, ami it gradually enmo about that I was obliged to go southwards at stated iH-'riods to consult with him on' matters affecting his many business concerns. One day something very curious — something very |Htrpliucing, something strangely tragic— took place at Wnmltur- all. I wrote to Luttrell, giving him a full account of the occurrence, und was chilled and shocked at the curt callous- hush of his reply. The affair passed from immediate cognition and gradually faded on thedim palimpsest of memory. Luttrell died, ami his will named me his sole executor. It was while I wns engaged in going through his papers Hint I came it|>oii a manuscript which threw a flood of weird light upon his oust and explained much a!>out my friend which liefore had Ikjcij obscure nnd confused. LimuKu.'s MANUwemiT, " I think 1 hated I'aul Dumond long lieforo I saw him. An Australian born, I thought of him always us the 'cursed Englishman !' To my thoughts I was, however, careful never to give utterance, fqr my uncle profes.Hcd a strange affec tion for that far-nway nephew whom he had never seen ; that son of a cherished friend who had married his favourite sister. I was tho 1 dependent rulativo,' the offspring, of a runaway match, and therefore the inheritor of a family scandal. I hated Paul Damond. Is it wonderful ? By and bye I heard that the 1 perfect ne'phew,' the pnrngon, the university prize man, was to visit Aus tralia. My uncle went about in a con dition of ecstatic rapture. I cliewod the cud of vunomcd thought in dumb rage and writhed in an agony of soul that 1 dared not unpack in words. " NVell do I remember the day upon which Paul Damond eaiue to Wuml>emli. It was a blistering day in tho height of summer. The feller's axe rang and clinked through the forest that fledged the hills ami mndo distant music will) a thousand echoes. At intervals was heard the thunder and crash of falling trecH, and always the mournful, per sistent notes of a bullock's hell, ns though from u convent far away. Near at hand the thick air wns shaken hy the brutal whir of tho ' circular ' or tlio heavy rasp of the ' vertical,' while tlio hot hours were punctuated by the clung and chnng of crowbars and iron 1 dogs ' and the rattle of log chains. The engines snorted and panted laboriously ; bullock teams strained at thefr task in clouds of coppery 'dust and) haze of sh reded Imrk, exhorted vclioniontly by rousing oaths nnd whin cracks liko pistol shots. It wan a dim red day of bush- fires and swelter— smoke every where, heat rising from the enrth like a burnt sacrifice to the sun, nnd tho sky quivering ns with fumes. from a smelting pot. I had onnugh to do —work that de manded every fraction of a level-bend's attention— hut I could not think cleurly nnd calmly. My thoughts nlnycd always anil vehemently around the coming cousin, the cousin I had learned to hate before I bad seen. My uncle bad gono the day before to the twenty- miles- distant railway depot, with his rond coaching team, to meet his precious visitor. Up to tho long white rambling homestead, with its grcon trellised verandahs, surrounded by flowers and flnnkcd by out-houscs, stables, and offices, expectation and preparation reigneu supreme. Trim Mrs. Lavender, Wnmherall's housekeeper, bristled witli all tho vehemence the heat would permit, wielding perspiring authority over Jior bntnllion of excited satellites. Tho poultry-yard had been decimated, tho store had been ransacked, the kitchen, fruit and flower gardens lind been raided and robbed of tho choicest to do tlio stranger honour. I thought hlttorly of the stern .business relations upon which I had stolid always with my uncle. I had earned whatever bread ! had eaten by tbe sweat of my brow. I had been no prodigal ; a Bashnn herd of fatted calves would have l>ceii no ex travagant guerdon for my morit. Yet in my secret heart I knew it was not my uncle's favour or ltis praise, nor feast, nor ostentation of welcome for which I yearned. I was content to win my way, hut something I wanted that morit could not win. " Again nnd again flittered through the homestead's open door, out upon tho trellised verandah, tlio white muslin- clad figure of my cousin Elsie, my uncle's only child nnd the heiress of his vast wealth. She was no daughter of the Australian bush, but a fashionably educated city girl engaged for a brief season in plnying wood nymph. .She was surpassingly beautiful, accomplished IksvoihI cavil, charming, brilliant, l>e- wintering, adorable— and I loved her! She simply thought of mo as a worthy fellow, admirably suited to inv position and environment, just as she might have thought of her music-teacher or the sho|)-walker whom she worried in her eity shopping raids. That I was her cousin, the son of her father's sister, sho doubtless never considered for a moment; it was something to !>e taken merely for granted and then dis missed. To win her appeared a task of appalling hopelessness, and. in con sequence, 1 cherished all tlio determina tion to succeed, bred of despair. In her father's mind Elsie wns already wedded to 111111 Damond. He wns the one worthy man in my uncle's round of ambitious thought. Fan I Damond, tbe son of his favourite sister; wealthy, handsome, accomplished, distinguished, almost nohlu in the English meaning of tho word, and an only child! Whnt a re-imiou of fortune, affection and family interest was here! "Tho great gates on the hill-top swung hack with a clang, and the coaching team rolled down in a cloud of copper ditKt, smitton into fiery haze hy the glow of the western sun. The hour hod struck, and with it came the man !" "How in the name of heaven I en dured that first evening of Paul Dnmond's visit is past telling. IHh wns the reception accorded hy the citizens of a capital to a returning conqueror. Elsie swam about him like u naiad. The evening dinner was it princely bnnquot. The night wns tilled with the music of Elsie's voice, with the music of Eisio's piano, with the exotic duets the two cousins snug together ; but the bush fires glowed sullenly along the ridges, and 1 felt tho rage within me burning in sympathy with them. I pleaded weari ness and went to my own quarters to listen, for what seemed .ages, to the song and the laughter which mocked the stifling expression of the night. Steep! There was no sleep possible for me, though I was worn out with tho day's lalioiir. Read I could not; but through and through my hruiii there passed every emotion I had felt during Hint first meeting with Paul Damond. Yes, he was undeniably handsome, in a stately styje, ami wore his clothes with the enso witli which the heir to a throne wears a coronet. His manners were perfect, hut distant. He acted as one who know absolutely the value of ovcrv one of his advantages. When I was made known to him he measured me witli n coldly appraising eye, and said, addressing not me, but my undo: ' And so tliis is nlflo an Australian cousin of mine?' It wns hardly wiso on his part. I reflected grimly that knowledge of men is not included in tho curriculum of an English university. If a. wish could have killed him, Paul Damond was already dead. "From the moment of our Intro duction I avoided the fellow. His patronage, his affected superiority, thq air of travel and culture that clung to him, the supercilious tone- of his voi.o, his high-cast handsomeness, ids aloof ness, his intense atmosphere of English ism, nnd oven his very pretentions as an atheluto, all jnrrod upon my nerves, grated against my prejudice, and goaded me into paroxysms of silont rago that seemed to stifle my breathing and make blackest night glow ns a crimson furnace heart; I saw red, and went about my duties half <lazcd with a growing passion of hatred. Meanwhile, tho love-match Instwecn the cousins progressed ajmco, much to"my uncle's satisfaction. They rode together and sang and played lawn tennis. A grand hull celebrated Paul Damond'R advent at Watnbcrsll, but, in accordance with my uncle's match making designs, no one was asked to the homestead until the great affair had been brought to a happy climax. I ' studiously kept my Bel f away, and ate my jealous heart out. Three months thus dragged their slow length along, and tlio day loomed upon which the house party meditated a return to the city. Paul lind probably made a formal proposal, and had been accented. Of this, howevor, I knew nothing, and cared nothing. My life had proved a failure: my ambition was dead; iny every hone waa blighted. Tho little marks of intimacy, tho glances of affection which passed botweon Elsie and Paul Damond, drove mo to mad ness. As soon as my day's work was over I escaped to wherevor I was welcome. There I . carried my gloom and my suUcncss, until I tirod out tho imtioncc and tlio kindliness of everyone. My uncle wns a hon vivant, but he detested dissipation, and moio thnu once I had carried back to Wamberal! more than transient marks of heavy drinking. Words of anger passed be tween us, and conduced, on my part, to greater recklessness. But tbe day drew near on which they wero all to go away, and I hailed its advent with joy, for 1 longed to be alone with my misery. Monday wns fixed for their aeparturo. It was then Saturday, and I saddled my horse and rode into Brereton, a country town some twenty miles away. At V overy shanty I passed upon the road I had a nobbier of the awful grog which contributes to tliu brutnliantinn of the bush drinker. My horse fell moro than nnco under the idiotic guidance of its bemused rider, and I staggered into the stable-yard of tliu Brcre'ton Arms far after midnight. Heavy with liquor, I slept on the straw in tno corner of the loose 1k)X wherein 1 stabled inv lame mount without so much ns shutting the door lielilnd me. There, in the morn ing, I was found by tiie ostler, suffering the torments of the damned. That Sunday passed In an agony of remorse and suspenso, punctunted hv many dreams, that served only to iced the fire which raged within mo, Ixnly and soul. As tho afternoon lengthened I pulled myself together ami determined to set out on foot for Wamliernll, for my poor horse was In a condition so )in|>c- less that I dared not venture to' lake him from the town. Twenty miles were nothing to a young man hard as provorhinl nails, albeit aadlv shaken hy n heavy laxit of drinking and several months of brooding mania. Resides, I knew short cuts over the tree-clod hills, and I reflected that n good tramp might have a salutory effect upon my shattered nerves. I slipped out of the hotel with never a libit or a wool to anyone. I felt shame-faced and despondent, and my liorso I knew would bo well tended 'till I sent for him, for I was no new customer at tho Brereton Arms. I hail, however, taken the precaution of provid ing myself with a flask— a defence against any devils of madness I might self- evolve. I tramped along, hnrdly con scious of my progress, until I struck a tramway, built by my uncle to carry logs and cut timber in pro-railway days, over n stretch of rough and hilly country. It threaded its way for miles through tho listcnhiir forest, bridging n creek, fringing a hill, and keeping its level hy numcrmiH windings along the stagnant swamps of slow backwaters. Messmate monarchs leaned majestically over it, and sometimes east n blossom or a branch n\wn its rails. The oriinge- creepor trailed its tendrils over the sup ports, and the wild snrsnparilla clung in matted network to the trowels. Tho moon had risen, nnd shafts of her mellow light found a lazy way across inv track. I glanced down mechanically from a culvert ou the tramway.nnd saw a black band of sluggish water creeping underneath. I knew then that another hour would land me safely homu at Wamlierall. " In those old days the mills sent all their sawdust down a lmndv stream, dammed nt its source ami locked in order to get a freshet of sufficient fon-o to carry away the powdery refuse. Over this stream the mill was Imiit, ami for miles nnd miles regulation was blighted ami tho lundscniH) was tortured into a semblance of spongy pluiiilmgo- Imcd desolation. Horses with a harked fetlock, stepping into a irons of the putrefying substance whit:! had once formed the flesh of iiicssma e or of grey gum, were poisoned etrnlgl ». awnv, anil had to he put in the stable 1 ospital with swollen legs, and often w tli raw ami repulsive festering ulcers From this sourco our loss of horse fir It grew to he so great that the sawdust was no longer allowed thtiH to Iki disposed of. The mischief had, however, fioen done, and years would elajwe before the stagiuint soil sweetened Itself again. Rut the refuse which >oifloncd the stream was only the mullock created by the vertical. The circular fed a salntou-hiicd pyramid of its own. For years nnd years it grow nnd grow, 'till it towered high as a hill from tlio level ground. In its centre stood a giant gum, long since dead from tiie sonknge which drained from the corpse-matter (of many thousands of his brothers. This gum was gaunt, grim, spectral. lie minted his white Imny fingers nt tho sunriso and taunted the setting moon with a depressed digit of derision. At about thirty feet from the summit of tho mound jutted abruptly a single limb— a gnlluws on a Golgotha, a veritable vegetable night mare—licked by tlio moonl)cams into weird suggest! vouchs. All arotiud that mound was tho country blasted. Trees withered and died, and the grass refused to grow on tho ground sodden with tho expressed essence of many years of forest life. " I had wandered along the trainwuv, occupied with an ever-recurring circle of somhrest thoughts, and utterly uncon scious of my whereabouts, when sud denly I found myself on the platform of the saw mill. On my right was a stuck of pickets ; on my left tho deep shadow cast ncross the. road hv the Golgotha nf sawdust and its gallows gntn. Tho summit of the mound gleamed salmon- red in tlio moonlight; the gaunt withered tree lifted aloft whito skeleton nrms and. bony fingers, invoking vengeance on tho heads of his destroyer. Beneath tho gibbet arm stood some thing blackly outlined, and a red spot glowed and waned rhythmically n man's height from the summit of tho mound. I stood still. I watched nnd waited. Presently a man cntno into the moon light'— a man in conventional cvening- dress ant! tqn'ra hat, a Bond Street capo over his shoulders — smoking a cigar. I felt for my flask; it was empty, and savagely and silently I dropped it'on the ground. The man wulkod to the edge of the mound's fiat ton and hack again to the withered gallows gum. Ho hummed nu air from sonio lato lxindoii frivolity, and leaning .his hack ngaiiiKt the tree smoked his cigar with the satisfied gusto of a gourmet. It was Paul Dumond. My God! IIowI haled him ! « "Hardly conscious of what I did, I snatched a heavy picket from the top of tlio stack. It wns a formidable weapon, four feet six inches in leiigtlq three inches in width, niul an inch thick. It was newly cut, green, nnd leaden with sap, with tlio closo grain of a matured messmntc. llow woll I remember overy detail connected with it, though I was not conscious thon of noting anything. I remember that it had the odour of >ort wine, and that its point was serrated by tho teeth of tho saw. Armed with this picket, I bent almost double and slowly, with tho hung-dog furtive movements of an assassin, slunk in tliu shadow across tho road, ami crept, still in tlio shadow, up tho sawdust-strewn plank pathway usod hy tho barrow-boys to wheol their loads. 1 glared, like a wolf watching his predestined prey, over Hie edge of the mound's fiat top, and i hen cautiously, very cautiously, with tho swiftness of sudden death and the silonce of tho gravo, I rushed upon my man and boat liis brains out beforo ho could as much as squeak. " I was on the broad of my buck. Homebody had a hand on niv heart. I could see tlio moon, but my face was in the shadow. Eyes looked into mine, and I mado out the dim outline of a face. It was 4 Mad Frank.' A year or so iiefore ho had been struck down by a broken branch while treo felling. I it was who had rescued hiiri and 'tended him through s long illness. He never recovered nis. wits, but his sense sf personal gratitude to me remained in- (lclil)lo. All npnrt, in n Bolitnrv little ; lint on the swamp «'<lgc, ho liven nmnne , tliu len-truuB niul tlio ninlit mist, nnjl f . priiwlixl the hiwb like a iIIiirii when nil , other men wore long nbml. " I Htnggeri! to my foot mill cliizclly looked round. My oyy Houclit houio- thing— something horrible; I knew n«l whnt, Suddenly mv glance fell mi the rigid form of raid Damond. I tottered towards it, ami, kneeling down upon t h« sawdust with tlio corpse, repeated he pantomime recently |H;rfnrined hy Mad Frank with reference to myself. The iinlf-wlt followed niOj and Hum, (match ing up the picket wdh which my mad net had been committed, l>cgnti to dig furiously into tho sawdust, turning it oyer with savage haste. Quickly I caught his meaning, and hol|>ed him with lmth hands to burrow a grave in tliu soft sawdiiBt. "The iiiooii was waning when I stumbled neroHS the thrcshdld of the hut hy tho swntn|>-cdgn to snatch nil hour or two of sleep. Rack to Mrcrcton I must tramp, and that immediately. I must prove an nlihi, and my short, alisenco from tho hotel— |>crlinn« not even KUH|KHde<l— would !»' ascrilKHl to the irrcHponsihlo action of a man wandering ulmut in n semi-deliritini, caused hy drink. Of Mnd Frank's fidelity I entertained no doubt. His loyalty was dog- liko in its trustfulness. In my own ability to carry the mutter through to tho hitter end I had the fullest confidence, eomc what might afterwards. Strange to snv, a curious restfuluesK possessed me. My mind was clear and calm. Tlio mad confusion of Hie past few months hud gone. 1 felt serene, almost insanely nt pence with myself nnd nil Mm worm. And all came uIhuUus I had foreseen. A shnrtKlecp, a cold doiieho, nnd a Iwdling hilly of tea restored mo to a keen awakcfuluess. Soon was I retracing my steps, my frame knit and vigorous, my mind dear as crystal, mid my will as stern an cruuitc. I was, however, careful not to allow my ' recovery 'to 1m apparent. I dragged u seemingly weary, dejected form into the bar of the Brereton Arms and naked \ vaguely for a drink of something to put mo right. For three days I remained in Rrereton recuperating/ On Thursday morning I saddled my horse and took the rond for Wumlmrull. The railway depot was two miles from the town, anil there, just as 1 was riding over the rails, 1 was hailed hy my uncle. He came towards me with a senile gait, and his face was strangely haggard niul drawn. " 4 You received my loller, Ralph V he queried, in low, piteous accents. 41 ' No, uncle,' I replied. 44 'Yes, yes; nf course not, he went ou. 'You have Wen looking for poor, dear Paul, like all the rest, of us. Rut go hack. Ralph. Go Imrk and comfort Elsie. Poor. girl, (owl knows she needs 'comfort— needs it sorely.' 44 1 sympathised as well as I cotiiib hut of course I wiik anxious to In away- However, I learnt, without committing myself, that the whole countrysidu was out scouring the hush ou horseback and on foot for the missing man. 1 spurred on to Wainlmrall, ami found everything in confusion. The saw milts were silent; the lmsh around resounded uo longer to the feller's axe and Hie teamster's whip. It was like the funeral of the usurper Man iti the rightful domain of Nature. At tho homestead doctor and nurses were installed, for mv cousin Elsie was stricken with an attack of brain fever. Strange it was, how ever, that, no one was surprised at the disappearance of Paul Dunmud. lie was a 'new chum.' He would go wandering away at night, when every body was nl)ed, smoking and taking the air. lie had been seen hy men engaged 'burning off' in various places distant from the homestead. It was just what might have been expected; nnd there were so ninny descried old shafts in tho neighbourhood. Why, old diggings stretched for miles around. Rut Mr. Damond was nn Englishman, and he thought tlmt Englishmen knew every thing. He would never take advice; of course not! And so the matter of his disappearance gradually faded into an old bush tale. i "My uncle never recovered from the ' blow, although my courIii Elsie did, hut J with her memory so impaired that Paul I Dainonil's visit was to her only tho / faintest of faint remembrances. In | course of time she !>eciune my wife. I My uncle died, and I inherited not only Ids wealth, hut his honours also. There ' seemed no limit to my success; hut of true happiness I have never tasted since tlmt awful night of jealous madness and bloody crime. My toys and girls— children of whom any parent might well be proud— love ino; yet they fear me also, just as my deiir dead Elsie loved ami feared mo> just ns good old Werner - loves and fenra me to this day. " Before I close this note t must record tho receipt of u letter from my manager at Wnmhemll, Kiulmrd Werner. - . He stated that he had toen peremptorily ordered hy the authorities to rurtnwny and burn all the accumulated sawdust around the mills; that the work was carried out, and tiie old Golgotha mound literally carted away hy the waggon- haul and burnt, witli much trouble, in the tod of uu oh I diverted watercourse. From the moment the work of carting away and burning was togitn tliu mound was haunted by Mad Frank, who watched the process day hy day. At lust, cIohu hy the gum 1 called the gallows tree, one morning, just after beginning operations, one of the shovellers fished out a gold watch and chain. The watch-case tore the initials 4 P.I).,' but no one knew anything utont that mark of ownership excepting only Werner, who had taken charge of the lung-buried prnjwrty. Early as it was. Mail Frank was already at Ids tHist of observation, and when the incriminating trinkets were found tho i>oor fellow dashed into the hush and made for his hut hy tiie swamp edge. There, after wards, was his skeleton found In the ashes of the old shanty, which he had evidently act on fire. But another skeleton was also found there, nnd some rings, which were imlentiflcd us 'be longing to that dead Paul Damond of my jealous youth. Tho faithful lunatic must have abstracted that grisly skele ton piecemeal, for save the watch mid chain not a vestige remained of the murdered tnnn in the sawdust heap. I curtly counselled Werner, for family reasons, to let the. mystery remain a mystery still. Sometimes I wish 1 had \ not Bought to hide my crime. I do not know: I atn an unhappy wretch," j thk km). I 