FesBLlsRED VER TueSDAT AND FRIDAY slat Year. FRIDAY, OCTOBER 16, 1903. The prolific growth of vegetation everywhere this year has engendered the fear that bush fires will accompany the rapidly-approaching hot wea ther. The devastating fires of past summers have clearly shown that in the absence of fire-breaks miles and miles of crops, grass, timber and fences, homesteads and animals, have been destroyed, and not a few farmers have been totally ruined financially. This year grass is very high and thick, and if action is not now taken in the way of ploughing and clearing breaks serious results are likely to follow.. Last year a Government. Commission made recommendations in connection with bush fires that dealt exclusively with methods supposed to be effective towards preventing their origination. Bush-fires are started either through carelessness or wilfully, and once started there is considerable difficulty in arresting their progress and ex tinguishing them. Farmers cannot, in. view of the present outlook, exercise too much care in the direction of pro viding-preventative measures foi stop ping the outbreak and spread of fire, and it behoves every farmer whose crop is in close proximity to a grass paddock, or dry timber, to run an effective fire-break around his wheat crop, his hay stacks, his wheat heaps, and his buildings. The district- that is broken up to the largest extent by means of fire-breaks has the largest number of chances in its favor of coming scatheless through the fires, as compared with those in which this important work is neglected. No farmer is justified in taking any un necessary risks in the matter, and, acting on the maxim that "forewarned is forearmed," no time should be lost in making such fire-breaks as will tend to save much loss and suffering. Some farmers entertain the idea that once a bush fire gets fairly under way fire breaks are .useless. Of course, it is generally known that no break can in m itself stop a fire, but the use of a Ia break comprises one specific essential, de namely, by forming a base from which at to fight the fire by starting another to ti meet it. It will be readily seen that K this is where the value of breaks comes in, alike as regards the protection of a: the largest estate and the smallest farm. Past experience has shown that the only effective means consists at in the fighting of fire with fire, and to i, enable this to be done a base to start A from is needed, and that base is pro- ai vided for most effectually by breaks. a There should be no apathy in the P matter, as the situation will have to be t faced. Numbers of agriculturists are apt to be indifferent as to wvhether b they take action or not to stave off the inevitable, but the risks are serious, a and united action is essential in adopt ing precautionary measures against what threatens to be a season of more I than ordinary danger. - W. ith undue haste, consequent upon a desire to settle the matter before the prorogation of the Federal Parliament, the House of Representatives has fixed upon Tumut as the site for the Federal Capital. Sir William I Lyne, who has pushed this matter with all the energy at his command, must now feel easier in mind and happy in the f knowledge that the Australian Capital I is to be founded in New South Wales territory, or 100 miles from the capital of that State. Twelve months ago, Tumut was not in the running by hon. members for the coveted distinction, the two places spoken of then being Bombala and Albury-with a prefer ence for the former, though Albury as a trunk line would serve best the greatest number. Some startling figures are given in connection with the establishment of the Capital, the cheapest area cost being £800,000, and the highest £2,189,000, for areas in four varying sizes, ranging from 100 square miles to 900 square miles. The cost of the city site at Tumut is set down at £25,000, and within the catchment area £180 ;the total cost of resumption of territory, etc., being -100 square miles, £318,180; 400 square miles, £464,000 ; 625 square miles, £850,000; 900 square miles, £800,000. These figures have been given to the House by Sir William Lyne with that airiness which bespeaks a longing desire to squander thousands of pounds of public money upon an un necessary undertaking-purely a white elephant. Victorians would no doubt rather see Sydney become the Federal capital than see a brand-new city created, at vast cost, as a home for the Federal Parliament. We have too many cities already in Australia, and that one more should be established, at the general cost, as a political centre, is a disquieting prospect. The public are told now that the cost is not to be heavy, but once the capital is under taken the marble walls and tesselated pavements are certain to follow on a big scale. It will increase the already too great inconveniences of public life, and remove the Federal Parliament still further from touch with the actual life of the nation. Melbourne and Sydney provide every facility for Federal Parliamentary sittings, and the first Commonwealth Parliament has fully demonstrated that the business can be transacted under existing arrange ments and at small expense compared with the vast outlay that will have to be incurred in the erection of the palatial buildings that are contem plated. The Capital Sites Bill is now being reviewed by the Senate, and in view of the elections in December, it is interesting to watch the pro gress of the measure and the manner in which it will be finally dealt with by that chamber. Two supplements are issued with to-day's " Times". On page four will be found a report of the monthly meeting of the Horsham Dis. trict Hospital committee, and Concert at Kalkee. A terrible accident occurred to a resident of Lawloit named Eli Bellingham at the Nhill show on Wednesday. He was looking at a stripper that was being worked by an oi engine, and it appears that he made a remark to another spectator as to the distance the beaters were away from the comb. "I could put my hand between them," remarked Bel-. lingham, at the same time suiting the action to the word. No sooner had he put his left hand in than it was mangled in a terrible manner. The machine was quickly stopped,-and Dr. Ryan was summoned. Medical examination showed that the hand would have to be ampu. tated at the wrist. Great regret was expressed on. the ground at the occurrence of such an accident, and much sympathy felt for the un fortunate victim. A special meeting of the committee of the Horsham and Wimmera District Agricultural and Pastoral Society is convened to be held in the Town Hall at 2.30 o'clock to-morrow after noon for the purpose of considering the pro posal to close the Longerenong Experimental Farm, with a view to letting the area for small farms. So far as can be ascertained, the Council of Agricultural Education propose to let blocks of the farm for terms of seven to 14 years, and the committee at the meeting to-morrow afternoon will doubtless express its opposition to the pursuance of such a course. The carrying out of the proposal simply means that the LIngerenoug College will be closed for ever as an institution for the imparting and dissemination of technical education (for which it was erected) to those who desire to engage or are engaged in the all- important rural pro. doucing interests. Such a vast and important district as the Wimmsra is fully entitled to an Experimental Farm. In the Mechanics' Hall at Horsham on Tuesday night next Mr. R. S. Walpole, secre. tary of the Victorian Employers' Federation, will deliver an address on six planks of the Australian Employers' Federation, such as the necessity of economy in public expenditure, Government interference with private enter. prise, industrial legislation, especially the pro. posed Commonwealth Compulsory Conciliation and Arbitration Bill, and Socialism, and the proposed nationalisation of industries. The mayor (Cr. J. Cramp) will preside. On Wed. nesday night Mr. Walpole ,wll speak at Natimuk. Shortly after the Legislative Assembly me t on Tuesday the Premier said probably hon. members would be pleased to- hear that he had received an intimation from the Imperial authorities stating that at a meeting of the Privy- Couneil, held on Friday last, Bis Majesty the King had been pleased to give his assent to the Constitution Reform Bill: Dr. Cookson yesterday received a letter from Dr. Stawell, of Melbourne, stating that the condition of Dr. Ritchie was very low. *Miss Vida Goldstein, the first lady candi date for Parliamentary honors in Australia, will address the electors in the Mechanics' H1 II on Monday evening, at eight o'clock. Miss Goldstein is said to possess an exceptional grasp of matters political, and to be a pleasant and interesting speaker. She has always been an ardent advocate of women' suffrage and recently visited the United States as the Vic torian delegate of the Fenale Franchise League. She now comes before the people of Victoria as a candidate for the Senate. The Mayor will preside. At the Horsham State School yesterday, the fellow pupils of Miss Dora Kuiiger pre sented her with a handsome dressing case, on the occasion of her departure for Western Australia, On Tnueday evening a very successful and enjoyable progressive euchre party was held by members of the Horsham branch A.N.A., and lady friends. Mr. E. I. Knight, the presi dent, presided, and there was a large attend ance. By request, Mr. T. Nattrass presented the prizes to the successful players, viz., Miss Knight (who won the ladies' competition), and Mr. C. Kruger (winner of the gentlemen's), and Mr. J. Curran and Mrs. Hocking, winners of the Consolation prizes. There is every reason to predict a very euccedaful issue to the complimentary concert that is to be tendered to Miss May Thompson, in the local Mechanics' Hall on the 30th inst. An excellent programme has been arranged, and intending patrons of the concert should not delay the booking of their seats. The box plan will be opened at Mr. Geo. Ryan's to-morrow, where tickets may also be obtained. Admission to the front seats is 2s, and back seats is, an extra Gd being charged for booking. The weather yesterday was cool and agree able. During the week, 40 points of rain were registered in Horsham. At Goroke on-Tuesday evening next, hr. Lee, travelling assistant to the Chemist of Agriculture, will deliver a lecture in the Mechonics' Hall on "How to.cultivate for wheat growing." The lecture is to be given under the anspices of the Goroke Agricultural and Pastoral Society. A monster picnic from the Minyip district will be held in the Horsham Botanical Gar dens on Wednesday next. A public holiday has been gazetted throughout the Dunmunkle Shire. The committee of the Horsham Dis trict Hospital has elected Mr. J. E. Har per a life.governor of the institution, in recog nition of the valuable and untiring efforts he rendered as hen. secretary (in conjunction with Miss Hooper) of the plain and fancy dress ball in aid of the funds of the hospital. The com mittee has received a cheque for £70 as pro. ceeds from the ball. It is Mr. Irvine's intention to proceed with the Redistribution of Seats Bill immediately the financial measures under consideration are dealt with, but he does not anticipate that these will be passed at a period sufficiently early to enable a dissolution to take place for six or six ..a. s. ls. ..,..5, -' The following information relatingo to the Wannon electorate is published in the Com. monwealth " Gazette"-The whole of the elec toral districts of Horsham, Normanby, Port Fairy and Portland are included in the Com monwealth electoral divisions, the Balmoral, Mullagh, North Hamilton, South Hamilton, and South Harrow portions of Dundas. the Mortat portion of Liwan, and the Purnim and Woolethorpe portions of Villiers and Hey teebury. Mr. F. Iabel, wool and skin buyer, yesterday brought into Horsham two skins purchased from Mr. Murphy, of Quantong. The skins were taken off two sheep that were killed by lightning during the severe thunderstorm on Sunday evening. One of the sheep was struck behind the ear, and a deep furrow was made around the neck and down one side of the animal, the wool being torn off and singed black, as if gunpowder had been used. ' Mr. J. Carroll, of the Audit Office, has been making his annual inspection of the different Government offices in Horsham during the week. A cheap excursion train was run yesterday from Wail and all stations to Murtoa (inclu sive) to Melbourne. Fifty-five booked at the Horsham station. While riding Mayflower in exercise at the IIamilton racecourse on Monday a young man named George Koops sustained a severe fall. Ho was unconscious when picked up, but fortunately escaped without having any bones broken. Jewellery worth £4000 has been stolen from Mr M. Myers' shop in Elizabeth-street, Mel bourne. Miss Ada Crossley had a magnificent recep tion at Ballarat on Wednesday. At the con cert over 20C0 people were present. Miss Crossley was received with tremendous en thusiasm, and many handsome floraltributes were presented to her. " It is not given to every Premier," said Sir Alaxander Peacock, at the Lord"Mayor's (Municipal Association) dinner on Wednesday night, "as it has been to Mr. Irvine, to announce within 48 hours the conversion of a £5,00.000 .loan, the King's assent to the Reform Bill, and an addition to his family." At the General Sessions at Ararat on Tues day, before his Honor Judge Gaunt, Albert Edward Kuhne, who was recently arrested at Noradjuha by Constable M'Rae, of Horsham, for stealing from the dwelling of his uncle William Menzel, of Bochara, near Hamilton, pleaded guilty, and was sentenced to three months' imprisonment. His Honor ordered the sentence to be suspended on accused entering into a surety of £25 for good be- haviour in future. The surety was forth coming, and Kuhne set at liberty. Superin- tendent Charles, who was pleased with the action of Constable M'Rae (who spent three days in search of accused) has made a favorable entry in the constable's record sheet. The tender of F. Forster, in the sum of £10 10s has been accepted for the purchase and .,.,,.l ,,f tho node.r- ,cnncce nn at A Mr G. Schoknocht, of Natimuk, succeeds Mr Chas. KZriier (who is leaving for WVestern Australia) as junior clerk at the Commercial Bank, Horeham. The Coleraine branch'of the Political Labor League has nominated its president, Mr. T. J. Fitzgerald, as a candidate for Wannon. The Premier talked very straight and can. didly to a deputation from the Loddon United Water Trust that asked him on Tuesday to write down its liabilities from £t9,000 to £15,000. The ground principally urged for writing down was that a promise to thus re duce the trust's liability had been made by, a previous Minister of Water Supply. Mr. Irvine, in refusing the request, said that he could find no promise that he considered bind. ing. To talk of writing down liabilities would hamper the Government in carrying out ite hige water supply policy. Trust representa. tives are given six monuths to consider what they will do to reduce arrears of interest. The thunderstorms on Sunday and Monday last were accompanied by very heavy falls of rain in different parts of the state. Floods occuired in some places, and much damage was done to crops. At Heathcote 52 points of rain were recorded in 15 minutes, while at* Pyramid Hilta 20.minute downpour yielded 75 points, and. at Beeac, 70 points fell in half.an-hour, Wheat and other cronps were seriously damaged at Martoa, and at Korongvale, where over 21 inches fell in a short time,thetown was flooded. Serious damage was done to the crops around Tarnagulla, and the flat country was inun. dated. The rainfall recorded in the town was 330 points. A young man named Percy Williamson, a resident of Lexton, was struck dead by hlightning. A pony he was riding and a horse he was leading were also killed by the same faabsh. At Caramut Mr Laslie Murray while out riding, was thrown from his horse, and rendered unconscious for a abort time through an electric discharge, which burned is arm. At Maryborough, a cow was killed y lightning, and in several other places htt,5w oe ~lr At the Horsham M3.thodist Church on Monday evening Mr G. E. Peart gave an interesting and instructive lecturette on "Mission work in New Guinea,', under the auspices of the Christian Endeavour Society. By the aid of a map (which was drawn by Master Horace Teague) and several sketches of native houses, &c.; (which reflected great credit on the artists, Masters All. Berry, Ern. Teague and Eric Peart) the lecturer was en abled to give a very clear and graphic description of his subject. There was a geod attendance, and all were interested in the lecture, at the close of which the best thanks of the audience were tendered Mr Peart and those who had drawn the maps, &c.; The Horsham C. E. Society supports a native teacher in New Guinea, and a collection was taken up towards that object. A sample of the forward growth of crops in the Wirnmera is to be seen in some stalks of Algerian oats exhibited in front of Mr P. M[ofarlans's Bull and Month Hotel in Wilson Street. The stalks are eht 8in high, and were taken from a crop thabt isgrowing adjacent to the Horsham Gas Works. Some of the crop is Oft4in high in some places, At -the rear of Mr W. F. Allan's timber yard is also to be seen a fine oat crop, nearly 6ft high. Mlessrs Young Bros. have numerous entries of sheep, cattle and horses to be sold at their Horsham yards to-morrow. The firm also advertises varticulare of a special stock sale to be held at Iorsham to.morrow week. Mr N. W. Turner, stationer, &c.; announces the arrival of new goods, including cricket materials. He also has 10 packing cases for sale. Moessr F. Hagelthorn & Co will sell at their Horsham yards to-morrow, commencing at 12.30 o'clock, sheep (in the wool and off shears) also cattle and horses. Particulars appear in our auction columns. Mr. A. Cunningham, of Pimpinio, invites tenders for the purchase of about 130 acres of self-sown crop for hay. Messrs Campbell and Sons, of Kirk's Bazaar, Melbourne, and Younghusband, Row and Co., of Albury (auctioneers in conjunction), adver tise particulars of an important horse sale to be held at Wodonga on Tueday and Wednes day, 20th and 21st inst., when 500 head of horses, including 220 draught horses, will be submitted to competition. Parcels for the following are lying at the Horsham Railway Statlon-H. Mort, J. Thomas, Mrs. T. Ennis, A. Bmmfield, M. Brien, Miss McBrieon, F. Mitchell. Mliss West, State School No. 2395, G. Carter, E. Carter, F. Efferett, P. Stevens, A. E. Stevens, J. Neville, W. Kealy, J. Hynes, W. Lane. Accounts are awaiting payment at the Hor. sham Sub-Treasury for D. Mi. Cameron, P. Creen, C. B. Collins, J. Cookson, S. G. Grace, A. Jackman, J. Kenny, A. Kirk, H. M. Pearse, T. H. Turner (2) . ; J. WVaters, J. A. Waters, H. and F. Bradshaw, WV. Sack, Western Wimmera Irrigation and Water Supply Trust, J. Kimberley. The Hopetoun show resulted in a net profit of £65. 