THE SPRING SHOW. k MAGNIFICENT DISPLAY. RECORD ENTRIES. A GREAT THRONG OP VISITORS. Hie resources of a nation's production fenn a first essential of prosperity. South ? Auatralia has not yet measured the extent of her possibilities in this direction, and probably will not do so for centuries yet to come. Nevertheless, she has essayed some- thing in several directions, and the results augur well for the future./ Her expansive territory includes vast areas of soil, whose generous response to the labor of the hus- bandman, in seasons fairly propitious, has eecured for her produce enviable promi- nence among the world's best samples in cereals, vegetables, and fruits. The in- troduction of improved methods of cultiva- tion has added considerably to the quality as well as to the bulk of the products of fanteers and gardeners. The end ? is not yet,* for progress is the watchword of modem life. The spring and .autumn ex- hibitions, held under the auspices of the Boyal' Agricultural and Horticultural Society of South Australia have won for themselves a distinct place in the institu Í tiona' of the State. By the excellence of /their 'arrangements and the facility they give for comparing the produce of dif- ferent districts, and marking the advances i made in all matters relating to the life of the.pastoralist, the farmer, and the manu . facturer, they may fairly be included in the widev range of educational organisations. Certain it'is that a visit to the show grounds on Thursday would have added considerably to the range of knowledge even " .,oi the fairly enlightened in matters pertain- ing to the' rural districts. In all depart- ments the entries were as meritorious as they were numerous. ' Favored with' fine spring weather, and the promise of a season of unwonted bounti fulness, the crowds of people who have / of the country during the past few days united in the general stream of humanity which poured steadily to the one common centre, with the result that the attendance at the>ahow grounds on Thursday was the largest on record. Fortunate was it that ¿he management bad secured substantial additions to the ground space, for every , available inch was requisitioned, not alone by the exceptionally heavy entry-list of ex- hibits, but by the dense mass of humanity Which pressed into the great fair. Natu- rally the live stock was the great attrac- tion of the afternoon, and the Jubilee Oval, which formed the arena for the parades ot high-priced cattle and the display of horses in action, was surrounded by an immense concourse of people, who crowded the pavilions and swarmed on every vantage spot on the circling mounds, in eager desire' to lose nothing ot the exhibition. Even this throng did not appear materially to reduce the pressure on other parts of the extensive grounds. The main hall was alive with sightseers; and the displays of produce Won continual 'expressions of admiration. Music proverbially has charms, but those who found themselves « wedged in the crowd and unable to elbow their; way to one of the several points of egress, or^rao were unwilling to abandon the in- spection of the enticing exhibits, were pre. bably convinced of the truth of the adage that it is possible to have too much of a good thing, for the plethoric volume 01 sound from rival bands and musical instru- ments determinedly striving for a hearing during the afternoon was too much even for the most enthusiastic musicians. Good »humor, however, made light of these light afflictions, which were but fox- a moment, and on-such a-festive occasion when the fruits of the earth were in pleasing evi- dence, the mingling of concord of sweet sound into inharmonious competition causea . very^Uttle irritation. It would be altogether a mistake to sup» pose that the show is simply a display of agricultural and garden produce and live stock. While this is the primary object of the society in the spring the exhibition in. dudes far more than this.. In these days manufacture is so closely interwoven with the direct produce of the soil as to be in- separable from it in a great national show. Machinery is essential to tillage, and caterers for country patronage are naturally notslo\y to avail themselves of the oppor- tunity which these shows give to make known their labor-saving contrivances. Ima- gination alone can picture the wide interval which exists between the appliances of each .of the successive periods, from the time 'when the pioneers of the race turned the soil with a forked branch cut from a tree oi hard wood, to that which marked the iu . traduction of the multi - furrow ploughs which were exhibited in great variety on Thursday. It is satisfactory to note the measure of perfection reached in this direc- tion, and not a little gratifying to find that several of the best varieties were not only of, local manufacture, but of South Austra- lian invention. In other branches of agri- cultural machinery the same enterprise was evidenced, and to careful observers it was apparent that in every direction human energy in connection with production ia being superseded by mechanical devices. Jn this connection, at any! rate, mind has gained in very great measure the ascendency over the physical and manual labor, once of first importance, is fast giving place to the force mechanical- ly applied and_ developed from the higher plane of intelligence. As usual, Mr. John Creswell was extremely energetic in at "tending to the needs of the exhibitors and the public, and much of the splendid suc- cess of the show is due to his energy and skill in administration, helped as it was by enthusiastic and loyal lieutenants, &c; He must have been intensely delighted as he watched the unceasing flow of the pubhc through the gates and turnstiles, pushed his waysthrough the densely- packed gang- ways of the exhibition building, and look \- ed from the terraces upon the enlivening panorama spread out to the northward. The beauty of the scene, backed as it was by the houses, spires, and trees of North . Adelaide, made it exceedingly attractive, but Mr. Creswell probably -would think more of the utilitarian aspect than the aesthetic, and .would roughly calculate how much money all these thousands of people mcanfto the coffers of the society. . THE EXECUTIVE COMMITTEE. The gentlemen who were responsible for the pro.*!- carrying out of the work of the socte y on snow day were: Committee for Agriculture-Messrs. Henry Kelly Íchairman), T. Atkinson, H. G. Butterfield, Thos. I. Davey, H. C. H. Denton, F. H. Edwards, Wil- liam Gilbert, M.P., W. Hackett, John Harvey, D. Packham, C: Bake, and A. W. Sandford. Pastoral and Wool-Messrs. C. H. Angras (chair- man), J. H. Angas M. S. Hawker, A.' J. Murra;', John Murray, Frank Rvmili, the Hon. W. B. Rounsevell, M.P., Mr. Thomas ' Sandland, Sir J. Lance.ot Stirling, M.L.C., and Mr. Eversley Snomaa. , Horticulture and Floriculture-Messrs. C. W". Giles (chairman), James Beggs, Jonah Hobbs, Fred C' Xewman, John F. Pascoe, C. Pitt, Colonel James Bowell C.B., Messrs. H. Sewell, Edwin Smith, and H. Wicks. Wine-Mr. W. H. Gillard (chairman), Dr. Ari , gove, Mears. G. F. Cleland, W. P. Auld, J. Cillard, T. Hardy, II. M. Martin, and C. B. Young.. «Committee for Machinery, Manufactures, and Miscellaneous- Messrs. William Bickford (chair, man), J. A. Bagshaw, A. Vi. Dobbie, -James Dun- can, C. F. Ind, J. H. Horwood, R. McEwin, John W. Sandford, A. M. Simpson, and P. Wood. Hornes, «fee.-Messrs. H. Graves (chairman), G. W. Bagot, B. H. Crawford, John Hill, John Ham- mer, and J. H. Knabe. Dogs and Poultry-Messrs. A. Butter Clarke (chairman). Vf. B, Brown, F. W. Marshall, John F-jMeltor, W. H. Milford, and J. H. Shearing. Finance Committee-Messrs. Frank Rymill (chairman), B.~ H. Crawford," William Gilbert, M.P., W. Hackett, and A. M. Simpson. Improvement Committee-Messrs. Frank Rymill (chairman), C. B. Angas, J. A. Bagshaw, William Gilbert, M.P., John Hill, Alick J. Murray, Sir J. Lancelot Stirling, M.L.C., and Mr. Eversley ¡Thomas. Auditors-Messrs. F. H. Nason and Edward Kay. Secretary-Mr. John Creswell. THE OFFICIAL LUNCHEON. * SPEECH BY THE GOVERNOR. 'A feature of the opening day of the show is theofficialluncheon.which is attended not only by the officers of the society, but by distinguished guests. On v previous occa aions the speeches have been too lengthy to prove entertaining, but a departure was made this year, with the result that some short and interesting addresses were deli- vered. The acting president of the society ¿Mr. .W. GUbert, M.P.) presided, dod was supported on his right hand by his Excel- lency Sir George Le Hunte, the President of the Legislative Council (¡Sir Lancelot ¡Stir- ling), tne Commissioner of Public Works (Hon. R. W. Foster), the Treasurer (Hon. R. Butler), and the secretary (Mr. John Creswell). On the chairman's lett hand &at; the Premier (Hon. J. 6. Jenkins), the Speaker of the House of Assembly (Sir Jen- kin Coles), the Mayor of Adelaide (Mr. L. Cohen, M.P.), the leader of the Opposition (Mr. J. DarliDg, M.P.), Mr. S. J. Jacobs (the president of the Chamber of Com- merce), Mr. W. Herbert Pnillipps, tne Hon. Victor Hood, Lieutenant Langley, A.D.O., and the president of the Chamber of Manu- factures (Mr. L. P. Lawrence). The Chairman said that on account of the hirge increase in. the exhibita it had been decided, to curtail the toast list. He sub- mitted the toast of "The King," which Avas enthusiastically honored. / Sir Lancelot Stirling proposed the toast of His Excellency the Governor." Onving to the absence of the president of the society in England the honor of proposing the toa*t, he iaid, had fallen to him. He Avas grateful to the committee for having entrusted him Avith the task of submitting such an importan!» toast. The chairman had referred to the ^loyalty in Avhich all South Australians responded to the toast of the King, and he felt certain, that the toast of his Majesty's representative Avould be received Avith enthusiasm, as all Australians had an inborn respect and affection for his Majesty's name. In his Excellency, Avho noAV represented the King in South Aus- tralia, iheythad a man AVhose good reputa- tion had preceded him, and an affection for his Excellency had been based upon that. He had performed high and important duties in other parts of the Empire. Since the arriA'al of Sir George Le Hunte they had found that the godd impressions formed of him were justified. His Excellency Avas endeavoring to take every opportunity of acquainting himself Avith the institutions and the conditions of the people over Avhom he presided. He Avas pleased that his Ex- cellency was making the acquaintance of the producers of the State, who tuat day had gathered in concrete form. He Avould have an opportunity of seeing the work of the producers, who in reality were the backbone of South Australia. He/ hoped that his Excellency would increase his ac- quaintance with the agricultural societies of the State. His 'Excellency, who, on rising, Avas re- ceived with loud cheers, said he need not tell them how glad and proud he was to be present, and he thanked them heartily for the kind reception they had accorded him. But he was specially glad to have an oppor- tunity of meeting face to face-and hand to hand, he hoped-so many representatives of the great pastoral and agricultural indus- tries. On the early daAATi of the 1st of July -the happiest day he had knoAvn in his life -Avhen he looked out of the Avindow of the train and saw the sun stealing over the land, raid asked the conductor of the car- riage Avhether he Avas in South Australia yet, and was told that he Avas, he felt , a great throb of pride. It Avas not because he Avas coming to South Australia as the Go A-ernor of the State, but that he belonged to the soil-that he had been transplanted into it. He looked on the State as his home, and said, "We belong to each other, and with God's help Ave Avili serve each, other." (Cheers.) His coming Avas at a' very favorable and auspicious time as re- gards the farming interest. He knew that m a great part of the State the rain Avhich came at that time was badly wanted, and it had gladdened everybody's heart and face. He had been extremely^ gratified to hear of the prosperity of the farmers and the producers in the southern and south- eastern parts of the country. He had the opportunity of going to the end of the nor- thern line, and was able to see for himselt what those less favored had been passing through, and he heard from them of their plucky struggle. Nothing struck him more since he had been in Australia than that in- domitable and magnificent pluck with whien the producers had met such great difficul- ties. (Cheers.) He Avas told at one place that for seven years they had lost their crops. That caused him to remember th; seven lean kine. To a clergyman, Avho was speaking to him at the time, he said, "Don't think me irreverent if I hope seven fat ones will come and sAvallow them up." Within 48 hours he heard that rain had fallen ovei that district, and nothing pleased him moro than that. (Cheers.) He felt that a link connected him to those people wKen imme- diately after his visit they had the rain to gladden and help them. (Cheers.) ,The only thing he felt sorry about was that lie had lost the opportunity of his life in not having gone on to Broken Hill. (Laughter.) He belieA-ed he Avould have established a .-reputation far greater than the rainmakers had he done so. (Laughter.) He was glad to hear that the speeches were limited not only in number but in length, because he looked forward to inspecting the exhibits. He congratulated the .executive committee on the magnificent show they had orgauised. He belieA-ed it was the best that nad eATer been held. It was groAving year by year, and it was only the prelude to still' better ones. He hoped he might be here to see many of them. (Cheers.) The Premier, in submitting the toast "The Royal Agricultural and Horticultural Society," said he was pleased to note tnat they had at the commencement of the fehoAV the greatest number of exhibits that had ever been placed in a South Australian shoAv. (Cheers.) The entries were larger, the exhibits were better, and,the attendance he was positiA-e by the, smile on the secre- tary's face, promised to be greater than' ever before. He wished to compliment the members of the committee upon their enter- prise in extending the grounds and the ac- commodation for their shoAv. Although the Government assisted them now and then, he must acknowledge that the committee were most enterprising and energetic, and they now possessed practically the best agricultural show ground in the Southern Hemisphere. ÍCheers.) Some of their friends from tne other States might pos- sibly deny that, because theirs were larger, but they were not as compact and con- venient and as generally acceptable to the people who attended as the one in South Australia. (Cheers.) One pleasing feature in connection with-agriculture, not only in South Australia, but in all parts of the world, was that the tide was now turning, and the farmers' sons, who had left the country to find work, in the cities, were all now trying to get back on the land, where they could have a happier, freer, and more contented life. (Cheers.) He was pleased that in South Australia and some other Australian States . they had now many young farmers coming forward from the families of the wealthy merchants, and as they were well-educated men, who under- stood how to utilise labor and all the im- provements in connection Avith agriculture, they would probably meet with success. He ended with a strong appeal to farmers to keep their sons on the land. Mr. Darling, M.P., in reply, said he agreed with what the Premier had said re- garding farmers' sons. It would be far better for them to remain in the country than come to the city and add to the un- employed. The splendid gathering that day indicated prosperity, and he was confident that if the people followed in the footsteps of the pioneers, who had done so much for the State, South Australia would go ahead. He thanked them on behalf of the society for the manner in which they had honored the toast. The Chairman submitted the "Secretary, Mr. John Creswell." Mr. CresAvell, in reply, said that although the Government has done much for tne society they had not done enough. Every' penny spent by the society was in the in: terest of South Australia. During the last two years the Government had spent £5,000. Mr. C. A. Marten was the caterer. THE NEW GROUNDS. The growing prosperity of the show has during the last few years led to a taxing of space at the disposal of the society be- yond the limit of comfort, and the need for extending the boundaries of the grounds was felt to be imperative. Fortunately the society has Ibeen able to add to the pre- vious acconipiodation by including Avithin the area of' the shoAv's operation a piece of land about, 1,000 ft. in length, with a varying width, the approximate mean of which is 300 ft. The newly acquired land extends from the old boundary westAvard, along the Victoria-avenue, to the bowling green, and occupies the entire space be- tween the railway line on the southern side and the river drive on che north. A long sweep of roomy and conveniently-arranged cattle stalls, skirts the greater part of the boundary abutting on Victoria- avenue, and accommodation for fat sheep has been made along the rest of this line of fence. Neat pig pens are arranged on the í side of the neAV area, up to the intersecting roadway at the western extremity of the produce depot. From this point to the junction, with the old grounds, a congeries of stalls for fat cattle is arranged. Along the Avestern boundary, immediately adjacent to the bowling green, a block of nicely designed galvanized iron buildings, neat in appearance, embellished Avith gables and arches, and lighted by means of lantern roofs, give space for the new shed and cattle yards. The principal shed is abouD 400 ft. by 100 ft., and is filled Avith 54 stalls 12 ft. by 7 ft, and six champion pens 16 ft. by 12 ft. The arcades intersecting the shed are very conveniently situated, so that the cattle are displayed to the best possible advantage, one benefit of these additions is the facility Avith Avhich the stock can be paraded, as an open jpace of considerable width exter,cU i^ey,. entire length from the cattle yard buildings between the stalls and pens, thus leaving ample room for a parade oval. About SOO ft. of this length is deA-oted to the ÖÖ stalls for stud cattle, and the pig pens cover about 700 ft. This part of the exhibition pre- sented a busy scene throughout the Avhole of Thursday, and visitors expressed keen appreciation of tlie convenience of fhe ar- rangements. The cost of the new erections has been about £2,700, but the money ha* been Avell and prudently spent. This por- tion of the shoAV,grounds Avas gay Avith bunt- ing, and brisk with the tread of thousands of feet. The central space has been laid Avith tan, and before next show it will be rendered much more attractive than Avas possible in the small time at the disposal of the committee this year. NOAV that the cattle and pigs haA-e been so Avell provided for, and stock generally have been given .good house room, the society Avili be able to devote attention to increasing the accom- modation for the public. More seats are necessary for Avomen and children, Avhile some effort should be made to regulate the traffic, which is noAV terribly congested in the contracted avenues, more particularly in the older portions of the grounds, and in tlie Exhibition Building itself. If,,for in- stance, one wing of each flight of steps lead- ing to the terraces Avas marked "Up" and the other "DoAvn" much jostling, discom- fort, and delay would be avoided, * ahvaya provided that the patrons of the show obeyed the directions displayed for their guidance. THE CATTLE. If any section of elie show attracted more attention this -year than previously or ex- cited more favorable comment it AA'as that devoted to the cattle. Tne extension of the shoAv grounds westerly along the bank of the Torrens has added practically a new shoAv ground to the old area, and the en- hanced accommodation for the cattle has been provided in a manner that makes not only for the comfort of the animals but for the pleasure and convenience of the visitors. Mr. Donald Forbes, Avho has been taKmg care of Mr. J. H. Angas' Herefords for the last l8 years, Avas most enthusiastic con- cerning facilities afforded for the display of the valuable animals that Mr. Angas exhi- bits year after year. "There is nothing to approach it in Sydney or Melbourne," he said. "I travelled through England m 1894, and saAV the four biggest shows diere, and there Avere no arrangements there &o; complete as these. Queensland, Victoria, and NeAV South Wales are not in it, and they had better send their secretaries here to copy us. The stalls are so arranged that you can see the animals broad side on, and so far as the stalls for the, champion stock are concerned, you can get all round the animals." Mr. Forbes' opinion, Avliich is extremely A"aluabie coming from such a source, Avas endorsed on all sides, by exhi- bitors, judges, and the general public. Those A\rho remained long in the cattle house found the atmosphere very Avarm. Thursday Avas, hoAvever, an unusually hot day for Septem- ber, but nevertheless louvres near the roof on the western side of the building Avould be an advantage. Once again Mr. J. H. Angas swept the board in the Shorthorn *and Hereford classes, and the manner in which the cattle were exhibited reflected the greatest credit, not only on the OAvner, but on Mr. Forbes and Mr. H. Jenkins, Avho Avere directly re- sponsible for the preparation of the Here- fords and Shorthorns respectively. For the third year in succession the famous Avhite bull, Beverly Duke XXX., now a four-year-old, carried off the champion prize, as he did recently in Sydney. The magnificent beast held quite a levee during the afternoon, and very feAV who saw the cattle at all failed to notice him. The two year-old bull prize went to Duke of Con- naught' XVIH. and Beverley Duke XXXVni, a very promising youngster, was successful in the yearling class. The old cow Rugia Niblett XDI. was adjudged the best COAV for breeding purposes, and AA-as also awarded the championship. > The Herefords Avere not particularly numerous, but they included some superb stock. Mr. Angas took the championship with the two year-old bull, Mayfield IX., and for the COAV championship his Effie Deans IX. beat Mr. P. Charley's Miss Kyre VII., an Eng- lish imported cow. There'were no polled cattle shown. Hol- stein Friesians kept pace with the general improA'ement shoAvn in the cattle section, and'not only were they more- numerous, but they Avere in better 'shoAv condition. Mr. J. W. Porter oAvrned the whole of them, and the opinion was expressed by visitors to the Melbourne ShoAv that had he exhibited in Victoria he, would have had no difficulty in carrying all before him. His immense bull, Koos II., Avas once again made champion. Tlie great improvement in the cattle show Avas largely confined to Ayrshires and .Jerseys. The pretty little Jerseys had §uite a host of admirers. Mr. A. W. ilver, of Brighton, is probably the most enthusiastic breder of Ayrshire cattle in South Australia, and had on last year es- tablished the superiority of his stock, which he obtained some years ago from Victoria, he had the field to himself this year. In Ayrshires and Jerseys he ex- hibited 16 animals, and, including cham- pionships, hp took 16 prizes. He secured the' Ayrshire bull championship Avith Fore- man of Oakbank, last year's Avinner, and last year's champion COAV, Design of Oak- bank, was also successful again this year, beating Lady Rose, noAV 12 ' years old, one >pf the best Ayrshire cows ever shown in the State. Her stock have taken J prizes -wher- ever they have been shown m Auscralia. Two of her heifers, Ayhich were recently sold in Victoria, brought £70, one £11, and the other £35 The most interesting feature of the cattle exhibition was the competition in Jerseys, and considerable importance attached to the aAvards in that class. Mr. W. Woodmason, of Malvern, Victoria, one of the best au- thorities on Jerseys in Australia, cllicialed as judge. Mr. Woodmason kneAV nothing of tlie OAvnership of the cattle, and in the two championship classes his decisions Avere exactly the same as those of last year. The Hon. W. B. Rounsevell was thus once again the winner of the championship for bull of any age Avith Prince Alick, Avho beat Mr. A. J. Murray's Claribelle Angler, Air. A. W. Silvers Defender (the sire of Punce Alick), and two others. Mr. Rounsevell AVÜI there- fore be the first to have his name engraA'ea on the Clutterbuck challenge trophy, which has to be won three times by the same ex- hibitor before it becomes his property. The champion cow, Maitland Charlotte, is owned by Mr. A. J. Murray, and she also carried off the championship last year. She is in- deed an animal that it would be difficult to beat in any show ring, and has been de- scribed by an authority as the most typical and perfect Jersey COAV ever shoAvn in Aus- tralia. It may be evidence of her quality that she is the grand-dam of Mr. Rounse- vell^ champion bull. Mr. Murray has thus scored a'first win for the Basse challenge trophy, AA'hich has also lo be won Ihiee times), on which he AVÜI haA*« his name en- graved. In' some classes there Avere na many as eight animals shown, and the com- petition throughout Uvas very keen. The other chief winners in Jerseys Avere Messrs. E. C. GAvynne, J. S. Tregilgas, H. C. Wright, S. S. Ralli, and A. W. Silver. The .Hon. W. B. Rounsevell ( carried off the special prize in the farmers' class for the best pen of three cows or heifers of any pure breed, suitable for dairy purposes. FAT STOCK. Fat stock are now accommodated just inside the neAV cattle grounds, and Avhafc Avas thought to be sufficient yard accommo- dation Avas provided. The number of en- tries, however, exceeded anticipations, and special arrangements had to be made at'the last moment for stock that othenvise could not have been shoAvn. While there Avere thus more fat stock than in previous years, the animals were, as a Avhole, Avell up to the standard that has been established in the past. Mr. S. Kidman exhibited a good many cattle from his Bulloo DoAvns and Lake Albert runs-, and another large exhi- bitor Avas Mr. W. Richardson, of Wood- chester. In some cases these gentlemen exhibited jointly, and Avith the exception of one or tAAro classes they carried all be- fore them. Nearly all their cattle Avere afterwards sold by Messrs. Bennett and Fisher, at good prices. The first prize ox brought £29 10/. The splendid lot of fat sheep and lamb's shown bore testimony to the larger part this State is playing in the frozen meat trade. In some classes there Avas very keen compétition, and extremely good prices Avere realised at the auction sales that took place during the afternoon. The five crossbred sheep belonging to Mr. L. R. Wake, of Redhill, Avhich took se- cond prize in their class, were knocked doAvn to Messrs. Sherriff Bros., of Gawler, at 57/6 per head. Mr. W. Ridgway car- ried off both prizes for ten lambs, suited for freezing and export. THE DRAUGHT HORSES. The horse judges began their work afc 11 o'clock, and when they got into the ring they must haA'e felt pleased Avirh the fine lot of draught stallions that canis before them for the championship. There Avere seven on the card, but federal did not put in an appearance. The Avork of deciding the prizes took some time, and one could readily understand the difficulty, seeing that the h.orses presented' were such a fine lot. Finally the judges fixed upon Mr. Pat. Kearin's Oakbranch, a pure Clydesdale, by imported Oakbranch, and aAvarded him the Murray Challenge Cup and the society's £10. Tlie winner is a horse of massive type. He is deep in front, and stands on iota- short, .weJl-Doned legs, Covered below, ( with a thick matting of strong hair. He has great flat knees, and for a sire of his substance Oakbranch is exceedingly active, moving with a well-balanced swing. Mr. G. P. Hellyer, of Mount Gambier, who brought a string of 13 to the ground, showed in this section a handsome ehesnut called the Real MoKiel He is a big îel low, and he handles'himself Well when trot- ting over the grass, and no one could haye felt any surprise when he was selected to head the lot in the four-year-old division. Some remarkably nice horses were shown here, and Mr. Tat. Kearin, an old supporter of the show, took second honors w.'tn. Young Royal Oak, who is five years and eleven months old. Only two three-year-olds were exhibited, and the honors went to Mr. G. WeatheralTs Coronation, Federal run- ning second. One would have liked to have seen more than three lots in the two-year old section, but they were all promising horses. Mr. H. P. Marshall scored wita his bay Craig Burnie from Mr. Ji. Crouche's exhibit. Mr. Hellyer's enter- prise in tra%-elling so far with his horses met due reward asain, as he succeeded witn Pride ¡of the West in beating four others. This ifc a well-grown, compact youngster, who should lill into a big horse. «All round the mares were a splendid lot. There was plenty of competition for the Smith Challenge Cup, with the accompany- ing prize of a silver medal. This is the, championship class, and the Mount Cam bier mare Daisy II., owned by Mr. G. 1. Hellyer, won. She is a bouncing big mare, by Ben More, a horse by Cox's imported Lord Dunmore, out of a Clydesdale Hero mare, and was bred in the Wimmera dis- trict of Victoria. A glance at the prl-re list will show that Mr. Hellyer did well throughout the day, and it was a distinction foi- that breeder to capture the champion- ship. His Daisv III. took first place - in the three-year-old filly section, Mr. Pa«,. Kearin following with a handsome black, Queen. Seven two-year-olds entered the ring, and the judges had some difficulty in selecting from the lot. Finally their choice lit on Mr. F. H. Lehmann's Pearl of Hazel- dene, a well-framed filly of substance. Messrs. J. M. and E. F. O'Sullivan's Young Shamrock ranked next. O/ily five yearlings were on view, but they were nicely-grown and no one could complain of the selection made, Bonnie Oak, a filly that should fill into a high - class brood mare. One of the features of the show was the display of Suffolk Punches, a useful class of horse. The fact that the competi- tion was not as keen as could have been wished did not detract from the merit of the exhibits; and no doubt with time the State will boast a good collection of this breed. The horses entered not for competi- tion were Mr. R. E. Warburton's recent importations, the Suffolk Punch entire, Chieftain, 1 year 11 months and 20 days old, and Ensign, a young colt of the same age. They are both intended to do stud duly on that gentleman's station. Another was Messrs. T. R. and A. P. Bowman's Courtier, 1 year 11 months. THE ROADSTERS. The roadsters, who were judged oy Mr. John Taylor, of Quirindi, Hew South Wales, maintained their reputation. There was plenty of opposition to Mr. J. W. Por- ter's King Frederick the Great, who is rising 9 years, and is one of "the finest horses seen in the Adela.de show ring But the crack maintained his position, beating his opponents, the judge counting Mr. Ar- thur VVaterhouse's Bushfire, 5 years, next best. This latter horse is a nice animal all over, if not such a commanding-looktng chap as his conqueror. King Frederick the Great has made improvement ¡»nice he took up his res.dence at Mr. Porter's sta- tion, Glenbrook, Victor Harbor, and, of course, he was sent into the ring dressed in his best. A big topped one, he nas> with it plenty of bone below, or he would not (as he did before coming to Australiaj haye ranked so close co the best horses of his day in England. When Mr. G. C. McMahon saw him two years ago he remarked "A beautifully-actioned horse." Bayicck, son of Blacklock, won in the two-year-old class, and Clonard beat his solitary oppo- nent in the yearl ng division. Half a dozen brood mares, visibly in foal or with one at foot, suitable for mating with a-road- ster stallion, went before the judge, who selected Mr. J. W. Porter's five-yeai- old, Queen's Daughter, who is by Wilton Pre mer, from Beatrice. The prize- winner-a beautifully put together stud matron-was carrying a foal to King Frederick the Great. Mr. Herbert S. Fisher ran second with a dark brown Victor-an purchase, Inez, a mare by Ebony, by Wpllomai, from Beeswing, hy Mornington. Mr. Fisher's nice mare was in the same place in the class following, in which Mr. J. H. Ald- ridge succeded with his grey Helier Skelter. There was but one exh-bit in the three-year-old section, Mr. W. A. Wood's Rosebud. The pony entires were numer- ous, and the judging'led to the defeat of the little champion, Furreed, who ¡p.n joyed a royal march on the racecourse, ¡vhd who won here twelve months ago. Mr* Taylor p'tched upon Mr. Phillip Charley's Roman Warrior for first honors. This is a strong backed, sound-legged big little chap, a golden sheened ehesnut,* who should get a good class of stock. HORSES Iii ACTION... / The horses in action were watched by a tremendous crowd of people. His Excel- lency the Governor visited the ring during the, judging, and gave close attention to the proceedings. The officials were:^Horse committee-Messrs. Henry Graves (chairman), G. W. Bagot, R. H. Crawford, John Hammer, John Hill, and J. H. Knabe. Stewards-Messrs. G. W. Bagot. (Thursday), J. II. Knabe and H. Graves (Friday), it. H. Crawford and John Hammer (Saturday). Judge, Mr. John Taylor, of Quirindi, New Soutn Wales. Great interest centered in the Maiden Hunters, up to 12 st. Half a dozen horses competed, and they gave a capital exhibi- tion of jumping. Two rounds of four fences each were allotted them, and the contest resulted as follows: Messrs. M. Donaghy & Sons' b g Skipper (J. Donaghy)..".;. j Mr. It. C. H. Walker's eh g Delhi (Owner) .; 2 Mr. IL C. Cave's br g Billy (Painter) ;; .. 3 Mr. S. S. Ralli's cb g De Wet (J. Mullins) ;; .; 0 Mr. C. Reynell's b g Lancer (Owner) .. ;; ;; 0 Mr. F. W. Diekmann's b g Leo (Owner) .. ;; 0 De Wet began operations and jumped carefully, being evidently a bit green. However, with a season's hunting he should develop/into a first-class jumper. Lancer struck the third fence, and Leo, after stop- ping at the second obstacle, clouted his rider off, but he was fortunately not hurt. Billy, who has carried the drag at hunts for some time past, was engaged, and he ' had Painter in the saddle, with no less than 45 lb. of lead to make up the weight. Last season he went through the hunt without making a mistake, and tin's year he has done equally well. He cleared all his ob- stacles splendidly. Skipper jumped well, but he hung a ,bit at his fences. He is possessed of much quality, however, and was eventually awarded first prize. Delhi was admired for his good performance. Some nice lady's hacks put in an appearance, and Panther, an attractive black gelding, ridden by Mrs. H. B. Welch, was awarded first prize, Hero, ridden by Miss E. Weir, taking second award. Five pony pairs, 13.3 and under 14.1 hands, were shown? and the chosen pair were Mr. W. L. Davidson's Dot add Dash,,a beautiful couple of bay mares, very evenly matched, who have been in the show ring before. They come from Tan- unda. Messrs. R. Ferguson & Co.'s Prince and Snip were the next two to catch the judge's eye. There was fair competition m the class for ponies under 12 hands, and Air. W. Crozier's Model, a nice black pony, Was adjudged the best of the lot. There were 13 light-weight hackneys, over Mil hands and up to 11 st., in the ring, and Mr. A. Gaden, of Mount Gambier, secured both first and second prizes. The winner is a bay gelding by,Hufus, and the runner-up a brown by Richelieu. Ponies, 13.3 and not exceeding 14.1 hands, were numerous, and the judge's verdict w«is for Mr. Reg. Gooden's nice ehesnut "Mack, Mr. R. H. Crawford's grey mare Pops being second. *THE PIGS. "We regret the lack of competition, and suggest that the prizes should be more liberal to induce a greater number of ex- hibits, which on this occasion are not up to the usual standard." These are the comments (Messrs. J. W. Shannon, M.P., W. J. Davies, and John Ledger, the judges) upon the pig division. Some years ago this section dwindled almost into insigni- ficance, but during the last four years the compétition has been much keener, each shoAV producing fresh exhibitors. This time, for some unknown reasons, there has been a considerable falling off, both in quality and quantity, and there was general regret amongst those who take an interest in "the gintlemin that pay the rint" at the display of apathy on the part of breeders. Mr. J. W. Porter's Essex boar, -with its enormous body and head, which more re- sembled a rhinocerous than one of the por- cine tribe, attracted most attention. The pig was undoubtedly the largest and indeed the/ugliest that has ever been seen at a shoAV, its huge ear3 and tusks being most répulsive. To connoisseurs, of course, it was highly interesting, and its various points were the subject of much scrutiny all day. Messrs. H. & E. Mayfield's chunby and symmetrically shaped Essex boar won Jirst prize, and it well deserved it. The T.tmworth boar, which, according to an ex- pert, shows too much "daylight" and not enough "pork," also came in for a great deal of criticism. Its elongated snout, sharply-lined body, and big legs upset ail the traditions of pig breeding, -and it careered arqiuid.ltB j^röth.aÄrujb,tliuess, that contrasted greatly with the lumbering, somnolent gait of the other breeds, which Avould not respond to the incessant poking of umbrellas and sticks into their ribs. The Hon. J. J. Duncan secured first prize for the Berkshire boar, Mr. W. Kither ob- tained tAVo commendable Avins, and the Roseworthy Agricultural College Avas also successful. Tlie pigs A\\-«re shoAvn on tue southern side of the new grounds, they had fine roomy pens, and Avere sheltered from the Avarm sun. Not only A\"ere the animals more comfortable than any of their prede- cessors hnve ever been at an Adelaide shoAv, but the public Avere able to inspect them much more easily than previously. POULTRY AND PIGEONS. If ever the GoArernment adopted a wiso policy it was Avhen they took action to en- courage the breeding of good marketable poultry. At one time this division was a small one in the shoAv, fancv birds prepon- derating, but noAV the attention of men in the trade is concentrated on the rearing of utility poultry, Avhich is suitable for export, and Avhich will return the producer a hand- some profit. TheAvisdom of the Govern- ment in sending Mr. D. F. Laurie (the poul- try expert) into the country a few years ago to lecture to the fanners on the desir cibility of improving the breeds of birds kept, and the advice he tendered them con- cerning the rearing of poultry for the ex- port trade had a magical effect. A neAV interest Avas created immediately, and each year sees greater rivalry manifested in the different classes. The entries, too, have groAvn apace, and this year establishes a record. The judges (Messrs. J. C. Coupe and G. M. Duncan) had a most difficult and fatiguing task set them in going the round of the hundreds of coups to aAvard the prizes, and it Avas not until late in the afternoon that they had finished - their Avorki Both as regards numbers and quality the shoAv of poultrv is without parallel in the State. Indeed, it is one of the finest exhi- bitions that has ever been given in Aus- tralia. Although the last shoAv held in con- nection Avith the Poultry and Kennel Club Avas deemed by experts to be the best ever seen here, because of the large number of prize-A\'inners obtained from other States at this shoAv there are even more birds of first-class quality, Avhich are Avell-knoAvn Avinners. The Dorkings again were a mag- nificent class, the birds penned by the Boys' Reformatory and Mr. J. J. Gabb be- ing good enough to be exhibited at any show in Australia. Though still held in the light of fancy-and they always AVIII be, as a matter of fact-the Cochin and Brahma breeds made a very fair display. Though numerically Aveak, that did not in any way detract from their intrinsic A-alue, Mr. Mil- ford in the former and Mr. Hall in the latter staging birds of exceptional merit. Considering its great value as a utility foAvl, the Langshan deserves more attention at the hands of breeders, and those deeply concerned in the progress of the industry recalled on Thursday ttiose years when this, fine breed Avas the feature of the shoAv, and no better tvpe of birds than those exhi- bited by Mr. J. Musgrave could be de- sired. The favorite poultry of Ame- rica, the Plymouth Rock, displays a most satisfactory improvement in quality, though it is to be regretted that the cla-îS is so small. The Orpington is another of'the £rcat utility breeds, and 'one which Mr. laurie has consistently advised fanciers ana /farmers generally to encourage on account of its excellent all-round qualities, especially as a Avinter layer, and an eminently suitable bird for export. No feAver than 72 Orpingtons Avere cooped m the various classes, including numerous noted winners in other States. The most prominent exhibit in the Avhole section is a buff cock, sent in by Messrs. Shearing & Son. This is a well-known Victorian winner, which was bred by Mr. George Jamieson, who-refused three offer» of £12 12/ for it at the Essendon show ~in June. The cock is a splendid type of its class, being perfect in color, and Avith grand size allied to a beautiful quality. Absolutely the chief feature of the show, were the Wyandottes, and in this division Avere in- cluded many famous inter-State Avinnerä, and direct importations from England. Un- questionably the Wyandotte is the leading utility foAvl of the day, being bred most ex- tensively in the United States, Canada, England, and Australia, while of all breeds it is indisputably the one Avhich acclmatises best. It certainly adapts itself more than any other to the climatic conditions of the Antipodes. The game classes were Ave.l filled Avith representatiA-es of all the leading varieties. In'the modern Game some ex- ceptionally fine upstanding birds were shoAvn, notably Messrs. Ninhani and Ncs bit's red cocks. The Indian Game birds exhibited by the Boys' Reformatory were again to the fore, and won their aAvards on pure merit. The Malay, Avhich thrives bet- ter in this State than in any of the others, Avas represented 'by' numerous excellent specimens, " and a great improvement as regards hard feather Avaa perceptible. The egg- laying section, which embraces Minorcas, Leghorns, An dalusians, and Campines, came in for con-, siderable criticism on account of the beau- tiful quality of the exhibits. Messrs. Pearce & Leslie, Bennett, Hassell, Cope, J. Smith, and J. Hobbs, and the Sargenfn Poultry Yards staging several of the finest5 birds in their respective classes, that have eA'er been shoAvn here. The Bantam class has decreased in numbers, but the quality of the birds is even better than in former years. The turkey and goose division never seem to make any headAvay. The his- tory of past shoAvs indicates much flucta- tion in numbers and quality, and breeders seem very soon to tire of exhibiting. Mr. T .A. Caterer exhibited a large coop con- taining a number of first-class gold Wyan- dottes, in order to give visitors to the SUOAY a correct idea ot the appearance of a flock of these birds. Educationally, the exhibit is of great value. The dressed poultry Avere exceedingly ap- petising, and the task of Messrs. J.f N. Hines and George Flecker (recognised «ex- perts in this division) \in deciding on the aAvards, must have been extremely plea sanfc. i There has not been much competition in the pigeon section for some years, and Avere it not for Messrs., Mellor and Von Einem, the tAVO leading fanciers of the city, this portion of the SIIOAV would not be far short of a failure. Mr. Mellor has on view some fine carriers, dragons,, and jacobins, Avhile Mr. Von Einem exhibited OAA-Lä, turbits, magpies, and fantails of the very highest quality. DAIRY PRODUCE.^ This year has been so favorable for dairy- men that those interested in the manufac- ture of butter, cheese, and other dairy pro- duce are looking forward Avith confidence to a big expansion of the industry in the near future. Even in the dry seasons that Avere experienced up to the end of ilast year, dairy farmers genrally well maintained the position they had gained, andv noAV that better times are promised they should not fail to make the best use of the oppor- tunities that are likely to be afforded them in the direction of expanding their under- takings on sound business lines. The groAv.tii of suitable fodder crops for the herds, absolute cleanliness in the handling of milk and cream, and the proper care oi the COAV are matters of vital importance in dairy farming. The exhibits at the shoAV ! this year are more numerous than ever before, and on the whole make a splendid collection. There are no feAver than 19 entries in the class for 50.1b. of fresh but- ter, shoAvn in plain rolls or in cubes, and the principal feature is the general good j character of the exhibits. There is no doubt .that this collection ia a fine lot of butter, and the silveç medal has been aAvarded to the Onkaparinga Cheese and Butter Factory. Keen competition took place in the farmers' class of 7 lb. of fresh . butter, and everyone of the nine entries Î deserves the space it occupies onHhe shoAv stand. The remark of the judge (Mr. R. } Crowe, the Victorian Government dairy expert), concerning the entries of 5 CAvt. of butter in cases or kegs, suitable for ex- port, Avas, "More enterprise should have i been displayed in the competition, and the ' quality should have been better." The ' silver medal and the second prize have been Avon by Messrs. C. H. Tuckwell & Son, of Wilmington. Large quantities of hams and bacon are on ATiew, and the quality of the exhibits is first-class. The judge ex- pressed the opinion^ that the magnificent display Avas a credit to South Australia. The entries in cheese are larger, but a number of those shown do not exhibit au improvement on the produce of previous years; in fact some of them appear to be of a much loAver 'standard. There is doubt- less considerable room.'for improvement in the manufacture of a large quantity of our cheese. Mr. Crowe, Avhen asked his opinion on the exhibits in these classes, said that only one-third of the cheese Avas of a fair or good quality", the balance shoAV ing a lot of room for improvement. The makers should pay much more attention, he thought, to the teachings of Mr. G. S. Thomson, the South Australian Govern- ment daily expert, as it Avould be to their benefit to do so. Mr. CroAve said he had seen better cheese here before, and had ex- pected improATements on Avhat he previously inspected, but had been disappointed in this connection. He Avas delighted, IIOAV ever, Avith the display of hams and bacon, and it Avas not an easy matter for him to arrive at a decision in aAvardmg the prizes Avhen the merits of such a number of them AA-ere so high. Large numbers of eggs have been entered for competition, and the rivalry for the prizes has been close. Messrs. A. .W. Sandford & Co. have made, entries in the classes of best collection of dairy utensils, cans for the carriage of milk, and mechanical or automatic butter workers, but are not meeting with opposi- tion. This firm, however, makes a splen- did show of dairy utensils. Messrs. A. M. Bickford & Sons are exhibiting water glass of their own manufacture for the pre- servation of eggs. SOME NEW INVENTIONS. There are usually not many entries in the section devoted to new agricultural machi- nery, implements, &c.; However, this year there are six inventions which competed for the two prizes offered. They are tin Radiator separator, a bird scarer, patent stump-jump cultivator, improved cultiva- tor with attachment for levelling land, plough with seed and fertiliser drill at- tached, and stump-jump mallee sprout cut- ter. The first and second prizes were awarded to the Radiator separator, and the plough with seed and fertiliser drill at- tached. In the contest for the silver medal offered for the best new machine likely lo be of general utility in harvesting opera- tions, a combined harvester and a pea-har- vester were disqualified. The judges evi- dently considered that these could not be regarded as "new" machines. The prize was secured by a "power combination grain cleaner." FRUIT. Seldom has finer fruit been seen at the September show. That it has been an ideal season for the citrous tribe was indicated by the large display of healthy oranges and lemons, which lacked little either in point of size or quality. Several growers ex- pressed the opinion that this year's orange crop will come somewhere'.; near a record, and, judging from the samples at the show it vr'.ïl not be surprising if such proves to be the case. Despite the lateness of tin3 season, there was keen competition in the apple classes, and the fruit sent was not un- worthy of the increasing reputation of South Australian orchards. The variety of the fruit was necessarily limited. There were a few plates of indifferent-looking pears, several dishes of excellent loquats, and a solitary exhibit of diminutive toma- toes. 'Mr. W. H. Ind and Mr. Jonah Hobbs were very successful with oranges and citrons, and Messrs. T. B. Robson and Sons secured the first prize' with lemons. Messrs. C. F. Newman & Sons sent the best apples. Of course, it goes without saying that the fruit is a long way in advance of that shown last year, and it/is gratifying to see' that the orchardists and market gar- deners have every prospect of a prosperous season. VEGETABLES. | The vegetables, as much as the fruit, sug- gested that there are good times in store for the producer, who can find a ready mar- ket. Exhib.ts were plentiful and sound. The carrots, white turnips, cauliflowers, po- tatoes, and asparagus were all of the very best. Three van loads of various vege- tables competed for the" three prizes of fered for a collection. These were displayi d to great advantage in the south-western corner of the western annexe. It was no easy task for the judges to decide which was best, for each \ lot contained many equally good and well-grown specimens. Messrs. Cutting Bros, were placed first, Mr. ' Ï. Grivell was second, and Messrs. Sutton Bros, came third. Messrs. Cutting Bros, also scored with short carrots, red beet, parsnips, yellow turnips, and onion.«. They well deserved first place in each in- stance. Competition for the white tur- nip prizes was uncommonly eager, about twenty bunches being tabled, and Mr. D. Ridley obta ned the premier place. Huge flat-head cabbages, grown at the Boys' Re- formatory, Magill, secured both the prizes offered for that vegetable, and Mrs. «James Wear wa9 successful with heart-shaped cabbages. The red cabbage class was well filled, the first prize going to Mr. W. Packer,_ who also received the first award for cauliflowers, of which there were several well-grown, clean samples. Potatoes had a long table to themselves, and each variety catalogued was well1 represented. Mr. Walker predominated with round reds. Mr. Ind headed the kidney list, and Mr. W. Packer's Bismarcks were judged to be the best in the "any other variety" class. The' asparagus was irreproachable. The heads sent by Messrs. Tolley and Scott were particularly fat and succulent-looking. Colonel Rowell's seakale, too, was obvious- ly the product of careful gardening.' Al- together the vegetables were most credit- able to the exhibitors. FLOWERS. ' It is a pleasure to note the rivalry that continues to take place for the floricultural prizes, for the existence of this healthy, competitive spirit provides what is"* for many visitors, the most attractive feature of the show. That this iè the case might be gathered from the steady influx of pa- trons, mostly ladies, as soon as the exhibi- tion building was open, and from the crowded state of the aisles between the flower tables throughout the 'afternoon. Admiration of the flowers was constant, and it was well deserved. There was, in- deed, a choice and carefully-selected show in the floriculture classes. First to catch the eye Vere the bouquets, baskets, and floral designs at the south end of the build- ing. Nearly all of them were fashioned with a dainty deftness and artistic sense that was charming. . Messrs. Newman and Sons' fame in this delicate branch of the florists' art was again justified, and the judges awarded them the majority of« firs'c prizes. Their floral design in orchids, ca- mellias, lilies of the valley, and maiden hair was much admired for its purity1 and fragrance. Daffodils and orchids weie largely used in several of the bouquets and baskets sent by this firm, and in every instance they were employed with a taste i and feeling for harmony that complied re- cognition. Pelargoniums took up a lot of room on the tables. The cut blooms were more pleasing and various than those in flots, which sometidas showed a ten- dency to fade. Mr. W. H. Ind sent the best single and double zonales in pots, and Messrs. Ind, W. J. Smith, J. Lipman, and J. W. Porter took firsts for cut geraniums. Mr. Ind's display was especially good. Messrs. Newman & Sons sent a few pots of exquisite orchids, as well as some rich bulbous plants and immaculate azaleas, and they secured firsts practically in every class for which they entered. Messrs. I Tolley and Scott's cinerarias deserved the first prize they received, and the potted petunias sent by Messrs. L. Xapman, W. Harris, and W. H. Shaw, were quite up to the average. Messrs. tv. Harris and Thomas & Co. shared with Messrs. New- man & Son, the first prizes for primulas in the pot. of which there was a considerable show. The cut camellias sent by Messrs. H. A. Smith and Newman & Son bespoke careful nursing, and the same might be said^ of Messrs. J. Lipman and Tolley & Scout's s cineraria blooms? Cut azaleas were few, and Messrs. Newman & Son had no difficulty in appropriating the three firsts. Mr. C. A. Halliday monopolised the firsts for erica, o'f which he showed some pretty varieties, and Messrs. G. Ayers. J. J. Gabb, and W. Thomas & Co. divided the primary awards for gladioli. Competition for the anemone prizes was keen, and the flowers were dis- tinguished by great variety of form and color. Messrs. J. Gries and W. Thoma«\ and Co. met with most success. Mr. Gries had tilings more his own way in the ranun- culi classes, where he made a sweep of the firsts. Some of his blooms were con- spicuous for pretty markings. Mr. W. Har- ris took the two prizes for ixias, and Messrs. Newman and Sons annexed the first for cut hyacinths. Messrs. F. Fairey and^J. Beggs sent some lovely carnations, md the rivalry between them resulted in a division of prizes. Messrs. Newman and Sons were again unchallenged in the cut srehid classes, and Mr. J. Lipman enjoyed Lhe same privilege with his cut petunias, rhere was a deal of competition for the pansy prizes, but Mr. J. W. Porter was easily first. Annuals occupied considerable space, but were not remarkable, and the stocks were not of the freshest. Messrs. Newman & Sons had the best show or bul- bous and tuberous flowers, as well as of hardy and outdoor flowers, and the same firm was first for collections of three, six, twelve, and twenty flowers.'The first prizes for roses, Avhich Avere fair for the time of the year, went to Mr. W. Harris and Messrs. W. Thomas & Co. HOMESTEAD BLOCKS. Holders of homestead blocks were as usual given an opportunity of exhibiting their produce, a prominent position near the main entrance being allotted to them. Taken as a Avhole the display was a good one, but Several individual blockers appeared to haA-e appreciated the society's efforts to encou- rage them to a much greater extent than the others. Competition, hoAvever, Avas fairly keen in most classes, and the exhibits were Avell grown and carefully prepared. Mr. J. Stacey shoAved some exceptionally fine vegetables, and in this class he Avas very suc- cessful. Mrs. E. A. Colbey was another ex hibitor, who took numerous prizes, notably for fruits. SPARROW EGGS AND HEADS. The prizes offered for sparrow eggs and heads resulted in 9,500 eggs and 1,344 heads being shoAvn. The Avinner in the former class Avas A. Rawlings, with 2,605, and in the latter T. BL Tilley, with 575. MACHINERY. MESSRS. J. & R. FORGAN. Messrs. J. & R. Forgan, of Crystal Brook and Port Pirie, are showing an eight- furrow skim plough, which is a new implement so far as the southern farmers are concerned. It is built entirely of spring steel, with pa- tent wheel boxes, and is supplied with the firm's special mouldboards and plough- shares, which fit an ordinary scarifier tyne. These implements have proved themselves to be capable, not only to act as skim ploughs but in many cases have been used to turn up new ground and to plough in the seed to the satisfaction of all who have used them. The special light lift of the plough is a feature which will be of special interest to country visitors at the show. THE RICHARD SPENCER CARRIAGE AND WAGGON MANUFACTURING COMPANY. What is claimed to be the largest exhibit of vehicles ever placed on a show ground in Australia by a single firm is that dis- played by The Richard Spencer Carriage and Waggon Manufacturing Company. Tue Avhole of the 70 vehicles, which " are dis- played so attractively, Avere manufactured at the firm's factory. This testifies te, the welfare and prosperity of the State, and shoAvs that there is no reason why recoursá should be had to foreign manufac- turers. The Spencer exhibit proves con- clusively that South Australians can well hold their own. Great credit is due to th s firm for their exceedingly fine display, Avhich coniains every description of vehicle, from the lightest pleasure buggy to the heaviest farm waggon, and persons inte- rested in colonial manufactured should not fa 1 to inspect the exhibit. It is pleasant to know that this firm are well repaid for their progressive enterprise by the liberal patronage they have received, a large ma- jority of their vehicles having already found purchasers. It is unnecessary to de- scribe every knd of vehicle included in the collection, but among those which at- tract special attention is the fashionable "Prince George" cart. This is an elegantly designed two-AVheeler, with Easy Perfect rubber tires, admirably trimmed in best English leather. The body has very deep curved side panels hung on Cee springs and fitted with long distance axles. This cart is an exceptionally fine specimen of the coachbuild.ng craft. Two four-wheel dog- carts have a very attractive appearnce. Thcr bodies are finished in natural wood, and are fitted Avith English fore-carriages of superb design and finish. Their extra deep-curved side panels call for special comment. They have the Easy Perfect rub- ber .tires, and are fitted with long- distance axlefe. They are attractively trimmed in the best English leather, wh'ch gives them a splendid appearance. Several varieties ot abbot buggies are being displayed, and two of these stand out prominently as being of a unique des'gn. They are fitted with all the latest improvements. They are trimmed in best leather, with a buffalo hide leather hood, Avhich is fitted with lever handle, and spec^ spring attachments, by which it can be raised and loAvered to any des red position. Th£ wheels are fitted with Mor- gan & Wright's two- wired rubber tires. A Lindsay road-cart, with Easy Perfect rub- ber tires, is also a leading vehicle in the exh'bit. This has many special feature*, and has found considerable favor with the medical fraternity. ~A colonial run- about, built to the order of a leading veterinary surgeon, is an example of the company's skill, and demonstrates the wide range of their constructive abilities. This buggy is fitted with Morgan1 & Wright's two-wire tires. It is of an entirely new design, and should become popular. A Rosa buggy, built to the order of a leading city business man, has been favorably criticised. The company are also displaying various de- signs of expresses, sulkies, and phaetons, ah of Avhich have been stylishly finished, and have attracted a large amount of atten- tion. Among their heavy exhibits are numerous varieties of trollies, vans, wag- gons, and drays. These vehicles embrace all the latest ideas and improvements for which the company have long since become noted., By permission of the military de- fence forces the firm are exhibiting the anibulance and transport .waggons which tlrey recently built to their order, and which have already been favorably com- mented on in these columns. A fine set of heavy waggon wheels reveals the quality of the company's work in this department, and draws considerable attention from the far- mers. Included in this enormous exhibit it is surprising to note the large number of rubber- tired vehicles. The company are noAV enabled to put these tires withm the reach of all. They can fit either the Easy Perfect Goodvear, Wing, or Morgan and Wright s latest two-wired rubber tires. These brands are acknowledged to be among the^ leading tires of the Avorld. The firm have experienced an exceptionally busy winter. Xhey have been Avorking Avith in- creased hands all through, and Avhen it is known that their large and varied exhibit is the product of only a few weelts' work the capacity of their output may be imagined. During the Avhole of their long business career they have always been kept well at Avork with orders, and the ever increasing demands for their vehicles is evi- dence of the satisfaction that has been given. The Spencer collection is a source of justifiable pride to the manufacturers. TRIUMPH PLOW COMPANY The Triumph Plow Company has the largest number of ploughs shown by any one exhibitor, the collection consisting of 15 dif- ferent varieties. The 12-furrow seeding and cultivating plough is fitted with a seed and fertiliser drill, and since last show great improvements have been made. The whole of the internal works have been remodel- led and cast and malleable metal have been used where required, giving the implement a most finished appearance. There is also a six and four furrow set plough fitted with a drill. These exhibits attracted great at- tention from farmers, as experience has taught them that this class of implement has long been required. It is as easy to put a crop in with one of these implements as it is to take it off with a complete harvester. The stump-jump ploughs are made from three to eight furrows, and are marvels of strength combined with lightness of draught. These ploughs work in either sticky or light lands. There is also a stump jump plough suitable for hilly and stony ground, which will be welcomed by pro- ducers in the hills. All the ploughs are constructed of spring steel and most artisti- cally painted, lined, and varnished, and the exhibit as a whole is a great credit to our local industry. The company have only been established three months in their new electric works, Hanson - street, Adelaide, and they have done extremely well to get together such a varied class of implements that have received so little attention from makers generally. 'i MISCELLANEOUS; BEiLE'S AUSTRALIAN PIANOS. The large exhibit of the Australian firm, of piano manufacturers, Beale & Co., is^ a great attraction at the show, and tai sweet music produced from their instru- ments convinces those who hear them that there is no need to go abroad and > pay Customs charges and exorbitant freight* to secure a good piano. The solid steel wresfc-plank, conta/ning the pins that hold the wires in these pianos, makes the tone exceptionally clear and belllike, the metal he ring so often heard in pianos being en- tirely absent, and as steel ia strodger and better adapted to bear the strain than wood, these pianos must last longer and need less tuning than any instrument fit- ted with a wooden plank. This wonderful improvement is to be found only in the Beale piano, as this firm have secured the patent rights throughout the world. For several years in succession this firm's in- struments have won the Sydney Royal Agricultural Society's gold medal in open competition against all-comers, and in ¿nat State the firm have sold over 14,000 pianos. The instruments are sold direct to the buyer from the factory, thus saving all the heavy profit loading of foreign agente, be- sides the duty, which is one-fifth of the price, and has to be paid on all pianos that are not Australian made. Models of thè3e beautiful instruments may be seen at the firm's showrooms, 137, Rundle-street, where visitors will find the highest quality at prices that will astonish them. MESSRS. CORNISH & CO. Messrs. Cornish & Co., the celebrated piano and organ builders of America, who took the London gold medal against the world last year, had a splendid exh.bit of pianos and organs. The firm, which is one of the largest in the world, turns out about 2,000 instruments per month, and Mr. R. O. Evans, the Australian represen- tative, states that the sales have rapidly increased in the Commonwealth, during the last two years. Messrs. Cornish & Co. claim that their pianos and organs are the most up-to-date instruments built. Tlie pianos are all four-pedal, by which full or- chestral effects are produced. The prac- tice claiver is a patent contrivance of great utility. The double music desk and the revolving keyboard are all new features in piano-building, and have been a great help to the musical prof ession and stud .nts. The designs are likewise very imposing, and .the combination wrest plank enab ea the pianos at concert pitch to keep in tune longer than the ordinary piano. The. or- gans are splendid specimens of the cabinet- maker's art, the tone and make-up of the instruments leaving nothing to be desired. The fact that two of the gold- medal instru- ments are included in the exhibit makes it the more interesting for visitors to the show. Another special feature is the Won- der portable organ, which is not only the most compact of its kind, but weighs only 25 Ä., and can be carried by a lady. Al- though it is so small, however, it is still found to be a very powerful instrument. Every purchaser of one of these pianos and organs receives a music stool, 40 "pieces of music, and a guarantee of 25 years from the firm. MESSRS. P. GAY & CO. Messrs. P. Gay & Co.'s exhibit of artistic furniture did credit to the re- putation of the firm. One item which attracted attention was a superb walnut wardrobe, 7 ft. 6 in. wide, with carved pedi- ment and finials, enclosed by shape bevelled plateglass doors. This was a most ornate piece of furniture, and one on which the cabinetmaker had displayed his handicraft to every advantage. It was exceedingly handsome, and well finished in every detail. Another original exhibit was a solid walnut sideboard with beautifully carved panels aid recessed top, supported by Corinthian p"illars. For quality and originality of de- sign a bedroom suite of English ash, stained and polished by a new process, in a lovely shade of green, was worthy of, special notice. The leaded lights in the wardrobe doors and the tiles in the washstand gave a finished tone to the furniture. Messrs. Gay & Co. are manufacturers of billiard tables in all woods. They have erected one in the space allotted to their exhibit. It is fitted with, low cushions, best rubbers and slates; the frame is of selected Tasmanian blackwood with fiddleback borders, and the legs cut out of solid 8-in. blackwood. All the neces- sary billiard requisites are kept in stock by the firm. Messrs. Gay & Co. exhibited some fine examples of the latest wood bedsteads, such as twins or single bedsteads. ''They are made to match any suites, and to "any de- sign. A pair of dull black and copper twin bedsteads with richly ornamented panels appealed forcrbiy to the fastidious tastes of those who appreciate art. Comfortable easy chairs were shown. One, a rolltop chair in silk, the seat formed as a cushion, and upholstered with a fine blending of colors, attracted ¡'particular attention. A beautiful combination of colors was seen in a settee and arnlchair in saddlebags and Utrecht velvet, both of which are guaranteed to minister to . that common human ailment-a tired feeling. MESSRS. ROBERT HARPER & CO. The firm of Robert Harper & Co. have a large exhibit near the cattle stalls, includ- ing stock fattening foods, consisting of "Star" rice meal, oatmeal branning, and linseed oil cake. These foods have suc- cessfully withstood the most stringent in- vestigations of analysts, and have proved to be exceedingly valuable for cattle and poul- try. Of -- the rice meal, which as cattle feed is of comparatively recent use, the Scientific American says:-"The mila and pleasant flavor of the meal is also- an im- portant factor, while the richness of the ash in phosphoric acid assists in making it well adapted to the preparation of young animals' natural food; therefore numerous and manifest reasons for adopting it as Dart of the rations of milch cows are apparent, the proportion of oil being advantageous m, the production of cream. Its nature and quality necessarily promote the yield of a well-flavored butter. The firm also exhibit Empire cocoa in the main building. This ia a concentrated cocoa, and is manufac- tured by Robert Harper & Gd. Proprietary, Melbourne, who have a branch in Adelaide at 30, Currie-street. The factory at Port Melbourne is one of the largest manufac- tories in Australia, over five acres of ground being covered by the buildings. A photo- graph of these vast premises" is displayed at the show. Besides manufacturing Em- pire cocoa the firm produce many other lines, which have become household words in every part of Australia, such as Silver Star starch, Avena, Star oatmeal, Tam-o' Shanter oats, and Pioneer table jellies, all ot which are made at the manufactory at Port Melbourne. The manufacturers are giving away samples of the Empire cocoa at their stall, behn» anxious that the public should try the article. They are also of- fering £30 in prizes for the 'solution of the Empire cocoa puzzle, an ingenious puzzle, which is being distributed with the samples. MESSRS. HOLMES & SULLIVAN". Messrs. Holmes &' Sullivan, practical coach and, buggy builders, of Port-road, Hindmarsh, are shoAving a very superior sulky, designed and built by them, and named the "Whalebone sulky." It is fitted with their hub brake, the most durable for sulkies, and has roller-bearing axles and rubber tires. The bent shafts are of the finest hickory. The wheels are very high, and built to give great strength, combined with lightness. The vehiále is beautifully trimmed by Messrs. F. R. Stevenson & Co. in blue silk plush, with silver buttons, and the hood is of the latest design, Avith all modern improvements. The wings of leather are extended to' the steps to serve as a dress protector. This sulky is claimed as one of the finest made in the State, and it is painted dark-blue, with fine Avhite lines. The same firm have also a pretty hooded pony abbott buggy. It is a work of art, Avhile it combines both com- fort and durability. The under- gear is made of the finest hickory and steel, beautifully shaped and dressed. The Avheels are of hickory, Avith steel tires and axles. The trimmmg is of dark-green and the body is Íminted the same color picked out with a ine of lighter green and black. IDEAL SASH LOCK AND ¡SASH ADJUS- TER. During a recent trial of burglary Mr. Jus- tice Bundey expressed the opinion that it would be intolerable if, in a climate like that of South Australia, the fear pf burglars made it ' imposible to leave windows open on summer nights for purposes of ventilation. Mr. W. Wedler, of Rundle-street, has invented a window sash fastener, which apparently not only gives the security required, but which is much simpler in its action than the fasteners in general use. He has a win- dow fitted with the fastener on view in the Exhibition Building, near the secretary's office, and it attracted much attention on Thursday. The mere closing of the window by a person inside or outside the house locks it automatically in such a. manner as to defy burglars. There is no bar which can be pushed back with a knife bnt a di- rect bolt of hardened steel that will defy the most expert burglar to file or saw through or wrench it from the socket into which it fits. To open this lock from inside it is only necessary to touch a* thumb piece. The pushing down of the window locks it and it may be made doubly secure against burglars outside or accomplices in- side by the use of a key. A special pattern of the lock is made so that householders may leave windows open at night. In this pattern the steel bolt referred to fits into any one of a number of sockets on a bar which is vertical when in use and horizontal aÄd^Quipf.^bi_a.tftther .tunea. ¿Quia .the. window ig locked in the centre when opeas, several inches at the bottom a^pS^.^ap desired the window caiHbe open à little, 8*4^ both top and bottom and yet be quite'pr«?^j against burglars. A special contrivance]?»*,, provided for reaching the locks oîjamsâf-3 ally high windows. Mr.'L. Conrad has*beeii.á¿ so impressed with the sdiqplicity ,and* effl-^s^ ciency of the locks,,and their neat appear«/X ance, that he has ordered nearly 100 for hi*""* Austral stores in Hindley-street in prefer^», ence to others which had been arranged for¿ r, MESSRS. BERRY, HODGSONS CO. t Messrs. Berry, HodgsonI & Co., of JtheU Royal Timber Mills, Port Adelaide, ffayg, * evidently endeavored to make their display»--., of woodware as interesting as possible. " A'1 " comprises various lines used by coachbuildsf^, ers and wheelwrights, including naves, fel«-?^ loes, spokes, runs, and bentwood of ,alt^ kinds. Many samples of fretwood, 'lattices/ , work, and figured woods will attract atten tion, as Avili the display of turneryjor cabi-' / netmakers, and the joinery of various kinda * <" for builders. / ,. j In the sheep section of the Exhib.tion thef r-_ same firm show fencing droppers and sheep 1/ pen battens of various woods and of differ»" y ent sizes, to suit individual requirements« « *" An enterprising venture which should bear'Y* its reward is the erection of a cottage in,the /""" grounds near the grand stand. This afford».* ' a practical example of a cheap and useful/ > ¿ house in galvanized and wood. The exhibit ??" should prove of considerable interest, t» !/ those requiring buildings of any kind.-^ _. A MR. W. KUHNEL'S O ^"¿£ Mr. W. Kuhnel's piano van .waa one,of XZ\ the chief attractions in the show of vebiclea.'^ It is beautifully designed,,and for finish' ia, £, perfection itself. The decorations are most'-J artistic, and the van was greatly sxlnúrettV/li by everyone. Mr. Kuhnel's name appears. (% on top in gold letters, \ while on the jida» i'c; are the names of Lipp & Sohn, Julius Feu« *.*. rich, and Gora & Kallman in »It letter«»' À| The Avheels are painted red and black hned>r^ and are fitted with rubber tyres to prevénfc't%5 any jolting of the piano. It is also fitted,-?' with a brake and lamps. The shafts" áre>T§^ similar in appearance to those of a hansom/T; v and are painted red, and black lined.- The// inside is finished in oak panels. The" vaná- is the only model of» the lund built in Ad¿¿ /' laide, and reflects great credit on Messrs/^ Duncan & Fraser, die designers. Inside that A" van was a very fine model/of the Gor» and'lif Kallman Piano, which, was specially' lnaim/f"^ factured to the order of Mr. Kuhnel. Thi»^ "Sj make of piano has been used in thé'Ade?^; laide Conservatorium of Music for"'manjHï; years, and it is" now used by Herr G.JieirJü man and Mr. Treharne. \ ( * '"j^Kg** / MESSRS. J. L. LOB' & %C¡£'%4f^ Messrs. J. L. Lob & Son exhibit a vknt$?À collection, of which'the principal attraction/«/; perhaps, is the Davis sewmg nlachine, with¿'i; its ingenious vertical feed. These machiné»^ -' have been supplied to various Governmeufc.v/; institutions, and have justly proved thereby claim to be among the simplest, strongestp*-; and best on the market. They may {be badg- in various styles, from the plain machine.« at £7 7/, to the elaborate cabinet machines'*> ' at £14 14/. The Winner and Sterling^ machines are made by the Davis. Sewings^* Machine Company from £2 5/. - Thesofc j machines are thoroughly guaranteed^; 7 Messrs. Lob & Son are also ahowinûf *> several styles of cycles made by^thertt-^ from B.S.A. parts, as built for the > Post» t:¿ Office »and Telegraph Department/ Radi/K ways, the ponce services, and * other^de«j3£ partments of the Government. . These>j¿¿ machines are built to order for ,£TH^lQ/¿& and have proved themselves to be specialláf¿p adapted for country'roads. Ladies' bicycles -«'.. are also shown, and their gracefulness and;.!,?." finish'are worthy of special commenti;t Other features of the exhibit is the variety; ^ of castings shown in brass, copper/. gun«^> metal, and the beautifuny-finished articlesí-,íí in silver and nickel. The. firm make..-a.^f| specialty of nickelling on copper, and'tha/j^ samples of old goods resilvered and. uxe»$fy nickelled redound, to their credit-Au^iá«"g¿" terested in colonial manufactures should^/ inspect Messrs. J. L. Lob-& Son's exhibit?^ in the main'halL ' -< -^¿f^pon MESSRS. JAMES MARSHALL' ¿"C^S.1 Messrs? James Marshall & Co., the,well*¡'fá known furniture warehousemen, of; Ste-1 ; phens-place, have a splendid., position foe -f their very handsome exhibit of high-class ./¡ furniture. It occupies the whole of tha?4> raised platform at the-north, end of^th»<>^ main ball, and is-"the observed of all obX% servers/' and "the cynosure of neighboring..^1 eyes." The front of the dais is embóweréaV4 in ferns and other ornamental foliage,^ plants, while the name is "boldly written\oñníf¡ the hangings above,'access to the platform;!/ being obtained by means of steps at-eacl|ii^ side. A fine assortment of artistic and-up» ^g to-date furniture is staged, suitable for/átí&i.; tastes, purses, and apaijtments, while , tQ»'J¡? manager, who is-in constant- attendance/;}-/ courteously supplies visitors with all thap¿ information-they may desire. -The collec-/^j tion of articles on view, including though ifc/;{ does many handsome and costly items, J»-^ but a small index\ of the immense stockV^ which Messrs. Marshall & Co. have always^ on view in their large, extensive, and wefl-^'j lighted warehouses. -Country folk shouldfj,^ take the opportunity of inspecting thef* goods in Messrs. Marshall & Co.'s extíbií/xy5f as well as in their spacious establishment ÍÍH£ Stephens-place. For the most part the ftuc^f £ niture shown is of their own manufactnre¿/?& and so its durability can be guaranteed/..S/l HUGO WERTHETM. * "/""í^ The magnificent exhibit in the centre ofc.t the main hall again served to Ulustratavf ? the excellence of Hugo Wertheim's, housèv\î hold articles. A handsomely-designed canopy "-' covers the display of exhibits, and thisr helps/ -h., to make the section brilliant in the extreme.--; f. combining, as it does, art and household: J work manufactured on, the Wertheim sew-k^ ing machines, with numerous iUustrationa\/ of the mechanism at work. It seems dif-irí ficult to ralise that this is a commercial ex-"'% hibit playing an important part in respe'c«?-;t to the supply of the- requirements of all'?"* classics, while it appears almost increaibfe "f' that such delicate work-dainty table 'cen-*"/?' tres, cushions, portraits, and every conceive --t. able form of silk and drawn thread wort-.v"'î can be fashioned in designs of the highest -- merit after a few lessons on the Wertfaeim ^& machines. The extensive range of machines -~ -^five distinct and different «systems are *' shown-is very familiar in this State. In- / eluded in the exhibit are samples oi^the/'^ new and improved Wertheim hand and^ .*; treadle machines, for use by "hand OB fdotr^T' This very ingenious combination rejiiuirea^V to be seen and used to, be fully appreciated^ *r" Then again, some splendid samples of tho'<-" neAV Werfcheim improved drop-head sewing i v¡ machines are shown, with specially inlaiá^;? furniture, the wood being of the choiceaW^jfe walnut with a polished surface of rare f¿ beauty. When not in use the head of the -;, machine retires "gracefully, the cover is 7 f\ closed over, and a cabinet is seen that would' -'j' be an ornament to the most elaborately fur-i '-;i_ nished room. l/*->* ?iii Another leafcrire of the VVertheim sectioivw is a factory bench with^machines propelled by electricity, and sewing at the rate "of* - 2,200 stitches per minute. \ A special feay* - tufe of this is the new higlTspeed central bobbin machines, which creates greaton- ., V terest because they were hemming at such' 'V a marvellous rate. The bench is fastened - to the floor with patent adjustable bearings *? and with special friction attachments, and' * everything is provided for the' comfort oí -.' those engaged, whilst the machines rua )' with marvellous snfciothness. A special embroidery machine was at work doing pd-* _"_ low slips, and many dozens of these ara "', turned out during the day. In the piano department a splendid show; of Wertheim, Perzina, and Pfaffe pianos ., * is made, and ? some really fine models of"-, these instruments came m for a large shara -' of admiration. The Perzina is quite á rei'W eent importation of the firm, and is admit- -», ted by competent experts on the Continent * to be "second to none." Pianos by various ,- ' other leading makers are also stocked by¡"< \ the finn at their central showrooms,' 107, --"x Ruhdle-street (next the Arcade), and thëy^s, are all specially made to withstand! tha>i' '. rigors of the South Australian çhmate. They, .¿* ' will further commend themselves to visitors by reason of their ample volume of tone, ~;~ whilst the action is elastic, pure, and «per-*-*«, feet. Last, but by no means least, are tha-> =-. "Electra" cycles, which received their full j quota of attention. r They are built as, & truly and efficiently as the wonderful Wer- * < theim sewing machine, and it would not ba possible: to find a higher standard of com^ _ parison. ""^-í, A capable orchestra .will render a pleasing *? programme throughout the afternoon. The ,"* success of the display is always evidenced by the dense crowd which gathers round , the Wertheim section during the afternoon andevenipg. » _ WOODMAN'S PIANOS AND ORGANS. " ".. Visitors to the show should avail them»'--* selves of the opportunity of inspecting.* Woodman's (Mr. E. T. Collins, proprietor) .. splendid display of first-class pianos and or-1 J., gans. Chief amongst these are ._ the "Ronisch Pianos" in grand and uprighfcj grands, in all the latest models and designs* :> for which Woodman's' are sole agent hu* South Australia. These pianos are among the finest made, and are not to be excelled for their richness of tone, volume, and « durability, while the touch is most superb. Other notable exhibits are the "Carl Ecke" ^ Pianos in handsome cases, of rich walnut«« ind in black-and-gold. These are construct*"^ ed on the most approved modern principles, - embracing every new invention, such as «7 ' bronzed iron frame, cross strung, &c.; Thi«\ ~ ¡s a sterling piano at a moderate price, aiwt*»^" thgtoneaudtpuchpfitia^lehAhtfuU 33* ,, ?< \- .leidig Piano" is,another first-grade in «? - atrument, which is sold at a low price, and, ; like the .others, días an excellent tone and " ,- toncb, withall the latest improvements. The ' * wclUaiown '"Bell & Co. Organs" are also on Ni riew; and lovers of organs willi see some . beautiful specimens, suitable for churches, \ public buildings, or the home, including a tv, magnificently-built two-manual organ, the \f ^-finest of its make. Mr. Collins is sole agent 5>» in South Australia for the famous >. ^onisch,^."Carl/Ecke.,' and "Weidig" $L Pianos, and "Bell & Co." Organs. Those re '/$£qigring "first-class instruments at a medium i-^PBCe should take this opportunity of in li>,c «lifting Woodman's exhibit. At Wood ^«n'« establishment, 33, Rundle-street, |**5«Äerv Dianos-are to be seen, with large ¡tt-f^ijantities -of smaller musical instruments, fil *¥? M-violins, mandolines, &c;, together :<*, with all the latest music. Altogether, there pgrnm extensive assortment of instruments to l&'dKMMe from, and these will, no doubt, at gjstract great attention from\ country visitors. Wà;J> BURDETT RIVER MURRAY ml\ , FREESTONE. ¡f^VThe proprietor of the Burdett freestone l^éMrry.íMr. Walter C. Torode) is exhibit f^£SJ°m?/fi^»inples o£ ^ Rlver Murra v litfreestone... The.stone is shown worked up ptf,-JBto-tuvin8, jambs, suis, cornices, tracery, «Sfand carved work, and is an excellent object '?iXfcS!0?.'Vl one of our cnief PWducta. The &*K*ÇW ,in e*ery respect compares favfar R*%IE_ .. ïTe L »"** ui.iuaieuury, snowing Fi^'W *E" t>l ^P18 .freestone for cruoins, win MflowJnlls, &c.t; in conjunction with brick &f; ^Ctypnilt walls, both in struck joint work *!ï*2Îta?f?.m toveh cast work. This method .^oFtbuüding ensures a cool interior in hot ^weather, and a dry interior in wet wea fôi-r??r: BIr- Torode's exhibit is well worth S?«ï1,V-MpCetio11 o£ builders, and of those in fey tending to build, and his enterprise in bring 3,, JUgfthiB fine stone with the reach of every ¿K^One deserves success'. %.t ? \ DEHYDRATED POTATOES, forit*, Awionggt ^the exhibits , in the main hall jf^lion^ He is deserving of congratulation Xfovgmi the color and general get- up of the %&''*nfcles. - , löj* . '. ,' / sgj-y , . PRIZE-LIST. Bl^'i- ' ». CATTLE.' *./;, Stud Cattle.-Ages date from July 1. Shorthorns, %?-Judges-Messrs P. Peterson and 0. K. Goode, ¡fcgj. Champion "prize for bull' twelve months old or Sn^'.__T,'"3. H." Angas Bull, calved before July 1, K-^f.lMl, if. IL Angas1 (1 and 2). Bull, calved since F* «Inly 1, MOI, J. H. Angas. Bull, calved since July ^'J»",U02, J. H. Angas. Champion prize (sr «TOW, »¡«ó twelve months old. or over, J. H. Angas. Cow ító-.ar-heifer, calved ¿ince July 1, 1900, J. H. Angas t:\0- , and , 2). Cow for, breeding pur ¿J^ltOflBa,,, .in calf «or in milk, .' J. II. -xLAàpâ {I and 2). Heifer, calved since July 1, .c .fr.lSOl. J. H. Angas (1 and 2)1 Heifer, calved since '*. inly-I, 1902,'J.'H. Angas. Herefords.-Judges is?-lâessm. P. Peterson and C. B. Goode.V-Champion [!fi\\-ptii¿ for bull, twelve months or over, J. H. terjSAngas. Bull, calved before July 1, 1001, J. H. S.'nAncas. .Bull, calved since July l,i 1902, tf£/'.^ ' H. Angas. Champion i prize cow, f-wtwdve month» old or over, J. EL Angas. Cow or gri heifer. i calved since' July 1, WOO, J. H. r': ;'tAhfU. - 'Cow for breeding purposes, in saveall ' or. in milk, J. H. Angas; P. Cha'r &f; ¿Jeir. .'Heifer/ calved since July 1,1901, J. H. Angas !f~vO «nd 2)1 Heifer, calved since July 1, 1902, J. H. lj,«aga*.(l and 2). Judges remarks-"The judges .yitbiok. Hereford« very choice animals, and hope in í(,fthe; Bear < future to see stronger . com ' í/be^ítion , in Herefords and > Shorthorns." ííAyrshiré.r-Judge, Mr. W. Woodmaspn. Champion -"?¡nie ior bull twelve months old or over. Ralli Sif *W'T Trophy.-TO be won three times by same & «tUbifor. 'The different winners from year to wuftat.to .fcave 'their names engraved on the trophy, Oaadtpdaei offered by Society A,. W. Silver. Bull, |#eal*ed .before July 1, 1900, A. W. Silver; Sewage »fSfiVm:. "Bull, calved since July 1, .1901, A. W. mpflifcr. (Land 2).,: Bull, caned since July 1, 1902, SgcaVfe wV, Slter;1«. Davey. Champion prize for cow, Jtfrelve month* old or over, A. W. Silver. Cow for " ceding purposes, in calf or in milk. A. W. Silver ~,aad Î). Heifer*, calved since July 1, 1901, A. fi'Silver (Land I). Heifer?, calved since July. 1, ^A."W. Silver.' Jerseys.-Judge, Mr. W. Wood ..,v,i... m. - Cbatnpion prize for bull twelve months «jf^él^for «fer. Clutterbuck Challenge Trophy, to be g^tranVithree tunes byname exhibitor. - The different ^P-Wimen from,year to year to have their name« vUÈâ'«n the .trophy^ and prize offered by society, W. B. "SZgBoinmrtll. Bull, calved before July 1,' 1900, W. £&^B^Bobaaevâl; A. J. Murray. BaU, calvad since ts%i9Sr^U-UO^A. W. SOver; E. O. Gwynne. Bull, ^iaalved] stace July 1, 1901, J. S. |Tregilgas;,A. W. >L 6Ur*r;i A." JL Morfimer. Bull, calved since July j^VlM^tt-a Wright; A. W. Silver; A. J. Marrey. ^Champion-pntie' for cow or heifer, twelve months ¿^ttHi'ot over, BasaevChallenge Trophy, to be won ç|M three,-; urnes by ß same exhibitor. The different íymiaai'.from year to year to have their names ^lêagfaved on the trophy, and prize offered by so " " ' tiU' s,m., A. J. «Murray. Cow for breeding sea, in calf or in milk. A. J. Murray '(1 and ,.8. Balli. 'Cow or heifer, calved since July __._^_JK.8. S. «Balli; E. Langhton and Co.; A. W. ^80»trr»etter. *alvcd since July 1, 1901, A. Ji ^Mnriay (land 2); S.S. Balli.. Heifer, calved since &%ql|p¿4M2, A. W. Silver; A. J. Murray; A. A. ,.y^"alotß«er. ..AHolstein-Friesian.-Judge, Mr. W. smètWôai&êian. Champion prize for bull, twelve fy 'meath» ? or o«r, J. W. Porter. Bull, k:%c*anä Í, before July 1, 1900, J. W. §g^?Fortcri~'< 1 and 2). Bull, calved since %»^«]¡Btt-l\''U0Q> J. W. Borter'(1 and 2). Champion ^i»MW tat-cawfH months old or over, J. W. Porter. |!ÎSCb"w"for,D"rêeaing purposes, in calf or in milk, J. P^1"£'Porter." Cow or heifer, calved since July 1, pSaÄrVJT W."~Porter (1 and Z)Y Parmecs* Class. ||?|s7ôe^al prize for best pen of three cows or heifers, |5§Sj«if Mypn*férbreedf'f'roitable for dairy purposes, W. i&jK;'Bounsevell; E. Laughton and Co. '^J>?;Fat 8öx*.fJudgcs-Messrs. W. Either and A. A. tóViBcsife. -, Hat-' cattle, "any breed-Best ox, W. T* ÎXldiarojoBra Kidman. ' Best cow or heifer, J. H: ^ABÉ«*;-'G. H.7Dean.- Oxen,' two, W. Richardson; |§S.-íKinmán. Cows or heifers,,two, J. H. Angas; ^rX&.JOdman. Steers, three and under four years old, l^tfó.lBichardson and Kidman; W. Richardson. j. nikfis/lsii and under three years old, two, Kid KífíSnjín'dlRíchatilson (1 and 2). S^Slnr* Sheep-Merino wethers, five, L. R. Wake; H. fJlfaUh-'^'lincoln wethers, five. J,'Grundy. Down ¿if wether»,. Uve, G. Sauerbier. Shropshire wethers, Iii fie. C'A.'Maidment. Crossbred wethers, five, G. ^.iBtUftbter; L. K. Wake. Merino ewes, five, H. W. Síí»»3bett and Co.; p. H. Dean. Lincoln ewes, fîîliïerH. W. Morphett and Co. (1 and 2). Shown Iw&isiiWacA-Merinov; lambs, five, BoseworUiy »Agricul (¿'.-'Itural College. Lambs, other than'merino, five, E. KO^Swihton and Co:; Roseworthy College. \^r-Xsmbs, -for freezing or emoriV-Prize presented w&Vriltomn.; Elder, Smith, «fe Co., Ltd., for pen of WC^Sen ''tamba best suited for freezing and export, IflatKWto'-ù» the wool, W. Ridgway (1 and 2). RV-*-,!^ X HORSES. / Ï»- J Judges-Messrs. F. tt. Edmunds, M. Mccallum, r-^'ataO" J.- Tilley. Draught stock-Champion prize \'~ for'araught entire, of any age, P. Kearîn's Oak ffÇ*., bfaach. "Murray Challenge Cup, value £21 (pre ^Waéniièa'by.Jtohn Murray, Esq.), to be won three £%>> times by the.same exhibitor, the different .winners fer ftóm time to- time to^ have- their' names engraved SEpA'the- cup, O. P. Hillyer's The Beal McKie. En ^S^tíiaJ * yea» old or over, P. Kearin's Young Royal SJfeSiJs*. "* Three-year-old entire, G. Weatherall's Coro %5äf»atton; S. P. Claridge and Sons' Federal. Two î^>year^ldlàiirc,~H. P. Marshall's Craigburnio; H. «T^Ckoowi's Bright Boy. One-year-old entire, G. P. ifpJHUyerfs Pride of the West; J. M. and E. F. Sulh-' i&w-JS;'aa's Tennoy. Champion prize for draught mare p& ¿r V$Z °* «"y "Si- Smith Challenge Cup, to be \--"' w«W2three times by, same exhibitor, the different É. winners from' time to time, to have their names óengraved on the cup, G. P. Hillyer's Daisy H. Dry Mare or filly, H. P. Marshall's Lady; G. P. Hill ?Bris Daisy HL Three-year-old filly, P. Kearin's g^ÄDsea,'- , Two-year-pld «Uy, F. Vf. Lehmann's Sá'.^sVarl of Hazeldene,' J. M. and E. F. O'Siuhvan's p* ? [Jfoung Shamrock.. One-year-old filly, A. Vi. David ísl^í.sna's^Boaníe Oak; G. P. Hillyer's Miss MeKie. ¡í'iV< Draufht.: gelding or mare, of any age, in work, tteiVWP. MarshaU's Lady; F. G, Burdett, jun.'s-. Säk * Suffolk Punches.-Entire, over 2 years, Canowie S^Tïistoraî Company; G. J. and,C. B. Ware. Entire, Li¿£.tender 2 years, Canowie Pastoral Company. Mare, *£- visibly in foal or with foal at foot, Canowie Pas *--*"tal Company (1 and 2j. Boadster Stock.-Judge, Mr. J. Tayler. Entire, _jrèe-year-old or over, suitable to sire harness .uorsesTJ. Vi. ,1'orter; A. Waterhouse. Two-year-" \- - «W^enttre/J. Grindell. One-yearrold entire, A. ÍÍIrt'Bnrford;" W. J. Sexter. Brood mare, visibly in S^fefeftial^iwith foal at foot, ---*-'- * " -tv r- T,? .__)oriwith foal at foot, suitable for mating with g ?i;af'"roadster entire to produce harness horses, J. W. fMrçBottcr;.H. S. Fisher. Brood mare, ^stbly in foal fei-/*«rtwlth foal at foot, suitable for mating with a ''.-ftforough-brcd-entire, to produce hunters and car S,t Hage bones, J. H. Aldridge; H. S. Fisher. Three t'ijiyesr^ld filly, W. A. Wood. Two-year-old filly, A. pivf-öPLesry (2nd). One-year-old filly, F. Bncknell; ¿£±*-0. T. Fayers. Pony entire (Arabs excepted), over f>i£"*M.2, and not exceeding 14.1 hands, P. Charley; B*f/ A-tBcrriman. Pony entire, over 12.2 and not ex ^"^""«eijing 135 hands, C. E. Schäfer; J. M. Hudd. Blsckler/s estate. Pony mare, visibly in foal or ¿«Ji-Vsrith foal at foot, 12 and under 13 hands, J. H. £?/ Aldridga; J. G. Burdett, jun. Pony mare, visibly t}\¿ in foal or with foal at foot, under 12 hands, J. >i*-"**C Burdett, jun.; C. E. Schäfer. Wr" .»-.Horses in Action.-Judge, Mr. J. Tayler. Pony 4¿* «air. 13.3 and under 14.1 hands, W. L.[ Davidson's "<.' .'Dot and Dash; B. Ferguson and Co.'s Prince and fy' .".fillip. .Maiden hunter, up to 12 st. in the hunt <-.,"'. ins;, field, ? to Tcarry. 12 st., to be judged for class .-/Wand general"hunting qualifications, open to all «C í Howe»-that haye never been plaoid in a jumping if*» y comnetitfon at any open show, M. Donaghy and W?\tmC* Skipper; R. C. H. Walker's Delhi; H. C. £.£'-¿One's Billy. Pony, 13.3 and not «acceeding 14.1 rk i?Smote, to be ridden, R. E. Gooden's Mack; R. H. ¡A>"i"0*»ford,s Pops. lady's hack, to be ridden by i^V*a lady, H. B. Welch's Panther; A. Gaden's Hero. ltS^isVuar, under 12 hands, to be ridden by a boy or P?~'< »aw W. Crozier's Model; J. B. Jackson's Tiny. a£vi' ffacWnev.-light weight, over 14.1 hands, up to 11 «.> «tATGsden'a Hero; A. Gaden's Fibby Winks. F"¿"~í PIGS. W£P> indces-Messrs. J. W. Shannon. W. J. Davies, «i&V;_JV>t T*deer. Boar of any breed, under one «S i«r H. Folhurst (2). Sow, Roseworthy College; We iS&BcforSSoV; Berkshire boar, Hon. J. J. Wt'Duncan; ¿wewortby College. Sow," Roseworthy «tr ivS!^' SirJ Jj. Stirling. Essex boar, H. and IV«SS£ÄÄ J- W. Porkrf Sow, J. W Porter O f** £d sTE¿ex »w and litter, under two months ' ^V î$i-* iiuaSon and Co. White Yorkshire boar, *-\ « C Wright. Sow. A. W. ShiUabeer (1 and 2) ^ "i fSmworth W, MCCulloeh, Combe. Green, and ,-J nrnwortnooar, Moloch, Combe, Green, ;V ívíi'fW ThÏ£ fat workers of any breed, not to !,:. ^worthy College. I t' POULTRY. ih Judges-Messrs. J. C. Coupe G. M. Duncan; for fC * nrcsKrfpouUry, Messrs. J. N. Hines and G »' . vii^>r Dorking, silver-grey, cock, J. J>. 1'onana "° " Îi2d'*> BS, Roennfeldt and Becker (1 and ?. govOTment social); J F Folland (8 and 3). [ .* Aether color, cock. Boys' Reformatory (1, Go Si -' ^mint soeciai. and 3); J. J. Gabb. Hen, Boys' t v ÎSSu^à and 3); JT. J. Gabb. Cockerel. J. $? J^aSbrBoye' Reformatory (2 and 3). Pullet, Ï- &Ä Äfennatory (I and 3); J. P. Folland. Co chin, buff, cock, J. K. Treloar; AV. H. ¡Mildred; Hen, AV. H. Milford (1 and 2); J. H.' Treloar. Partridge, cock, AV. H. Milford (1 and 2). Hen, AV. H. Milford (1 and 2); J. H. Treloar. White or black, Scock, .1. H. Treloar; R. French. Hen, AV. H. Milford (1 and 3); R. French. Langshan, cock, G. Pi AVilliams (1 and Government special); Flamank and Denison. Hen, «L Musgrave (1 and Government special) ; J H. Treloar; Flamank and Denison. Cockerel. J. Musgrave; J. H. Theloar; G. Hassell. Pullet, J. Musgrave (1, 2, and 3). Brahma, dark, cock, E. R. Hall; W. J. Raven. Hen, Roennfeldt and Becker; AV. J. Raven/ E. It. Hall. Brahma, light, cock, E. K. Hall; J. H. Treloar; T. Luseomb. . Hen, E. R. Hall; J. H Treloar; R French. Plymouth ¡Rock, cock. Roenn- feldt and'Becker; W. H. Martin. Hen, Shcphaid and McDonald (1 and Government special); W. H. S8*T; Roennfeldt. Cockerel, Shepherd and Mc- Donald; W. H. Martin (2 and 3). Pullet, Boenn T and Becker; C.- Drew; Shephard and McDon- ald. Orpington, black, cock, J. H. Shearing and Sons; Sargenfri Yards; S. Cope. Hen, Sargenfri ïardg; Mrs. B. Jenkins; J. H. Shearing and Sons. Cockerel, Sangenfri Yards; J. H. Shearing and Sons. Pullet, F. J. Wimble (1 and 3); Sargenfri Yards. Orpington, buff, cock, J. H. Shearing and Sons. Hen, E. Southwell; J. H. Shearing and Sons. Cockerel, J. H. Shearing and Sons; R. Laid- law. (2 and 3). Pullet, J. H. Shearing and Sons; R. Laidlaw; Shephard and McDonald. Orpington, Diamond Jubilee, cock, E. Southwell; H. M. Pugh. Hen, H. M. Pugh; E. E. Southwell. Wyandotte, golden, cock, Flamank and Denison; Smith and Lienau; G. W. AVeaver. Hen, F. J. Anthony and Co.; Smith and Lienau; G. AV. AVeaver. Cockerel, J. F. Mellor; H. P. Marshall; Smith and Lienau. Pullet, Pearce and Leslie; J. F. Mellor; B. Moul- den. Wyandotte, silver, cock, Smith ,and Lie- nau; H. C. Bennett. Hen, G. E. Robinson (1 and 2); H. B. Bennett. Cockerel, Rogers and Mon- fries; Smith and Lienau; S. Cope. Pullet, Boys' Reformator}'; F. H. Edwkards; F. J. Keogh Wyandotte, white, cock, H. M. Pugh (1 and special); G. AV. AVeaver; Pearce and Leslie. Hen, D. Criuckshanks. AVyandotte, partridge, cock, J. Dunstan; Smith and Lienau; D. F. Laurie. Hen, A. Eldridge; D. F. Laurie; Smith and Lienau. Any other distinct variety, cock, Mrs. M. J. Din- gle; Jelly and Haines. Hen, Mrs. M. J. Dingle; Jelly and Haines; Smith and Lienau. Game, black red, cock, J. Nesbitt and Sons; F. AV. Ninham. Hen, G. Margitich ; F. W. Ninham (2 and 3). Cockerel, G. AV. Weaver; J. Nesbitt (2 and 3). Pullet, A. Smitji; F. AV. Ninham. Game, duck wing, cock, F. AV. Ninham; G. Vf. Weaver; P. Wood. Hen, Goodwin and Stacey; F. AV. Nin- ham; Nesbitt and Sons. Game, pile, cock, Barnp. ton and Forsyth; Nitschke and Co. Hen, a Far- mer; Goodwin and Stacey. Game, any other color, cock, Goodwin and Stacey. Hen, Goodwin and Stacey {1 and 2)., Indian Game, cock, Boys' Re- formatory, (I and 2). ' Hen. H. M: Pugh; Boy? Reformatory^ Cockerel, G. W. Weaver; Salvation Army Boys' Home; S. Cope. Pullet, Boys' Re 5 «^ G- }V¿. Wea'er- Malay, black-red, cock, McKay and Simpson; A. Smith. Hen, McKay and! Simpson; Griffiths and Mitchell. Cockerel, Griffiths and Mitchell; H. Farmer. Pullet, Sea? son and Kay; McKay and Simpson; Grif- fiths and Mitchell. Malay, brown - red, cock, A. Smith; J. Nesbitt and Son Hen, Searson and McKay; Griffiths and Mitchell Malay, blue-rcd, cock, J. Nesbitt and Sons; w7 R numJS^t and laJ'; Hen' J- p- Menor; Vf'. LT0^ J1***- *"**?¥. «»ck. Searson and Kay (1 and 2). Hen, Griffiths and Mitchell; Mc J 2nd Simpson. Malay, red pile, cock, McKay and Simpson; A. Smith. Hen, A. Smith (1 and ïL » <ay*-i,any, oth,el color- cock, W. Elliott. MtV^^*11, ^"Pâ^- Malay» any «olor but black-red,' cockerel, Boys, Reformatory; Searson and Kay; Flamank and Denison. Pullet, Griffiths and Mitchell; A. Smith (2 and 3). Minorca, cock Pearce and Leslie (1 and 2); A. H. Tyler ' Hen, Pearce and Leslie (1 and Government special); \\. J. Jy«r,N S- £ope- Cockerel, Pearce and Leslie; ÍÍ tMTor,: J;Pranei^ Pullet, Pearce and Les' UfoX i?a,r.ke (2 and 3>- " Spanish, cock, R. Mc Mulan (2nd). Hen, R. McMillan; J. H. Treloar. Leghorn, white, cock, Pearce and Leslie; H. C Bennett; J. H. Treloar. Hen, T. Whibley; Pearce and Leslie (2 and 3). , Cockerel, Pearce and Leslie (1 and 3); Sargenfri Poultry Yards. Pullet, Pearce and Leslie (1, 2, and 3). Leghorn, brown, cock, W. C. Bennett; Flamank and Denison. Hen, Sar genfri Yards (1 and 3); Flamank and Denison. Cockerel, LeLievre Bros.; AV. C. Bennett. Pullet Sargenfri Yards (1 and trophy); K. P. Mar-hill' Leghorn, buff, cock, Sargenfri Yards (1 and 2). Hen, Sxrsenfri Yards (1 and 3); G. AV. AVeaver Hen, F. AV. Ninham; T. Bailey. Änconia, cock, Roennfeldt and Becker. Hen, Roennfeldt and Becker. Andalusian, cock, T. Burgess; W. H Milford. Hen. AV. H. Milford; Roennfeldt and Becker; W. C. Bennett. Cockerel, W. C. Bennett (1 and trophy); LeLievre Bros. Pullet, AV. H. Milford; LeLievre Bros. Campines, cock or cockerel, J.~ Smith (1 and 2). Hen or pullet, J. H. Hobbs (1 and 2). Houdan, cock, P. H. Le Cornu (1 and 2). Hen, G.'Hassell (1 and.2). Hamburg, black, cock, T. Lam'phee; T. Cope. Hen, S. Cope; J. H. Treloar. Hamburg, anv other color, cock, A. H. Noijthagel; Mrs. M. J. Dingle (2 and S). Hen, Flamank and Denison; J. H. Treloar. Bantam, game, black-red, cock, P. AYood; Goodwin and Stacey; AV. H. Milord. Hen, Good- win and Stacey (1 and 2); AV. H. Milford. Ban- tam, game, any other color, cock, B. L. Harfleld (1 and 2). Hen, P. Wood; B. L. Harfie-ld. Ban- tam, black, rosecomb. cock, P. Wood; Goodwin and Stacey; W. H. Milford. Hen, B. L. Harfleld; W. H. Milford; P. Wood. Bantam, anv other variety, cock, J. H. Hobbs (1 and 3) ; H. M. Pugh. Hen, J. H. Hobbs; AV. C. Bennett. Turkey, bronze, cock. C. Pearce (1 and Government spe- cial); A. McDiarmid. Hen, C. Pearce (1. 2, and 3). Turkey, any other color, hen, F. H. Edwards (1 and t). Gander, Toulouse, S. Cope; G. Laughton jun., (2 and 3). Goose, G. Laughton, jun. (1 and 3); Flamank & Denison. Gander, anv other va- riety, J. F. Mellor (1 and 2). Goose. J. F. Mellor (1 and 2). Aylesbury, drake. W. C. Bennett (1, 2, and Government special); J. Smith. Duck, J. Smith (1 and Government srjecial); J. F. Mellor; W. C, Bennett. Pekin, drake. A. Collins (1 and Government special); Mrs. B. Jenkins; AV. Nitschke and Co. Duck, AV. Nitschke and Co. (1 and Go- vernment special); A. Collins (2 and 3). Rouen, drake, (J. F. Mellor; Roennfeldt and Becker. Duck, F. J. Anthony and Co.; E. C. Gwynne; S. Cope. Indian runnw, drake, Sargenfri Yards (1 and 2). Duck, Sargenfri Yards (1 and 2) Muscovy, drake, J. F. Mellor; E. R. Hall (2 and 3). Duck, J. F. Mellor (1 and 2). Any A-ariety, under twelve months, drake, Mrs B. Jenkins; J. R. Beck. Duck, W. Nitschke & Co.; Mrs. B. Jenkins Any other distinct variety, drake, J Millican; J. F. Mellor. Duck,1 J. F. Mellor (1 and 2). Table fowl, cockerel, age" and weight considered.*Boys' Reformatory (1 and 2). Pullet, J. J. Gabb'i (1 and 2) ; Boya' Re. formatory. Table drake or duck, age and weight considered, R. McMillan; Mrs. B. Jenkins; Vf. Nit- schke and Cb. Guineafowl, cock or hen, E. C. Gwynne; J. F. Mellor (2 and 3). Dressed fowl, G. Laughton, jun. (1 and 2). Dressed turkey, R. McMillan; F. H. Edwards. Dressed goose, G. Laughton, jim. (1 and 2). Best trio, selling class, cock or'cockerel and two hens or pullets, Boys,' Reformatory; F. Sando: T. Wibley. Special prizes pre3ented by A. Rutter Clarke, Esq. Ladies' classes. Any A-ariety, cock or cockerel, Mrs. B. Jenkins; Mrs. C. Leslie, Mrs.« S. H. Pitman. Any variety^ ben or pullet. Mrs. C. Leslie; Mrs. B. Jenkins; Mrs. S. H. Pitman. ÍIGEOSS. Judge,» Mr. AV. Colyer. Carrier, any color, cock, R. McMillan; J. F. Mellor. Hen, J. F. Mellor (Í and 2). Pouter, any color, cock, R. McMillan; Stott. Wilcox, and Co. Hen, R. McMillan; W. B. Viney. Bart, anv color, cock, AV. B. Vinev. Hen, AV. B. Viney. Dragon, anv color cock. J. F. Mellor (1' and 2). Hen, R "McMillan; J. F. Mellor Tumbler, almond, cock, or hen, J. Leslie. Tumbler, any other color, cock, T Leslie (1 and 2). Hen, J. Leslie. Baldhead, any colw. cock, V Tucker. 'Hen, W Tucker. Beard any color, cock, AV. Tucker; J.-Leslie. Hen, J. T*'ilie- W. Tucker. Jacobin, any color, COCK, J. F Mellor. Hen, J. F Mellor Saddleback cock, W. MTucker; J. Leslie. Hen, AV Tucker. Helmet. cock or hen. " G. S Ban. oÄKsh 2?«*S cockT'H. £ Pugh(lBana Owl, Lngusn yp , ^ , any colo" cock, J. von,Einem (1 and 2). Hen, J. lol É&em; (1 and 2) Turbit, any color^ Cock,* von Finem ii and 2). Hen, J. von Einemj J. Les"e Turoiteen, any color, ock or hen, J. von Einem «and12) Fantail, white, cock, J. von Einem. HU J- von Einem.' . Fantail any_other «gor, rock J. von Einem; J. H. HODDS. Hen,'B. J. Mascy; J. von Emem. Magpie any ¿olor cock, J von Einem (1 and 2). Hen, J. von kntm <1 »nd 2). "Nun, any color, cock or hen J. von Einem; B. Ferguson & Co."Antwerp, shift face. cock. J. F Mellor (1 and ». Hen T F Mellor. Long face, cock, J. *. Menor (i and *) Hen, J F. Mellor (1 and 2) Show horner ¿ok-, J. H. Aldridge; B. L¿Barfield Hen, T H Aldridee; B. L. Harfleld. Working homer, cock,' B L gHarfl1id; J. H. Aldridge, Hen, AV. Tucker- W B. Viney. Any other distinct variety, AvonEiiiem (1 and 2). Hen, J. ,Von ^Dafry^roduc^-Judge, Mr. R. Crowe. Eggs, hens', fresh, 2 dozen, from one variety of fowl, no double yolks, weight considered, F. H. Ed- ward; S. Braund. -Ducks', fresh 2 dozen, from one variety of duck, no double yolks, weight con- sidered, A. W. ShiUabeer (1 and 2). ' Bacon, factory-cured, in full sides or flitches, 5 cwt, W Jacobs; Vf. J. Davies. Farm-cured, two full sides or flitches, from pigs raised and fattened by exhibitor, D. Kirk; J. D. Smith. Rolled, lcwt., W J Davies; W. Jacobs. Hams, pork, twelve, W'. J. Davies (1 and 2). . Two. farm-cured, from Digs raised and fattened by exhibitor, D. Kirk; J. D. Smith/ Special prize for 10 cwt of bacon, either full sides or flitches^ in fit condition to be packed for export, W. J. Davies. Cheese, 2 cwt, Mount Barker Dairy Produce Company Bacon, .> cwt.,"W. Jacobs. Hams, six, W. J. Davies. Eggs, packed for export, not less than 50 nor more than 100 dozen,, A. AV. Sandford & Co. (1 and 2). DAIRY ¿ppi^cES. s Dairy utensils and appliances, best collection for factory or private dairy work, A. Vf. Sand- ford & Co. Churns for butter, A.'W. Sandford and Co. 'Mechanical or automatic butter workers, A. W. Sandford. & Co. FRUITS. Judges-Messrs. C. Giles, H. Wicks, and J. Rob- inson. Collection of 12 varieties, pot exceeding 6 lb .of each variety, C. Pitt; H. A. Smith. Citrus tribe, 24 varieties, six of eacn,,AV. H. Ind; J Beasley; J. Hobbs. Oranges, sweet, 12 vane ties, six of each, AV. H. Ind; C. J. James; J Hobbs. Marmalade fruits, six varieties, six of each, J. Hobbs; J. Beasley. Citrons, six, J. Hobbs; J. Beasley. Oranges not navel or blood, 12 AV H. Ind; C. J. James (2 and 3). Oranges, navel 12, J. Hobbs; C. J. James; Pearson and Smith. Oranges, blood, 12, AV. H. Ind; C. Pitt; Pearson and Smith. Oranges, one case packed for export, C. Pitt; J. Beasley. Mandarins, 24, J. Hobbs; J. Beasley; W. H. Ind. Lemons, 12, T. B. Robson & Sons; J. Hobbs; AAr. H. Ind. Limes, 12,' AV. H. Ind; J. Hobbs. Apples, 12 varieties, six of each, C. F. Newman and Sons; T. Grivell. Apples, dessert, 12, C. F. Newman and Sons; T. Grivell. Apples, kitchen, 12, J. G. Jennings; T. Grivell. Pears, dessert, 12, J. Rowell (1 and 2). Loquats, 2 lb., AV. Thomas and Co.; C. G. James. Judges' remarks-"The fruit, taken as a whole, exceedingly good, but regret in collec- tion of fruits scarcity of competition, as three prizes were offered, but only two exhibits. We re- commend that there should be two classes for lemons, namely, one for freshly gathered, and one for cured." VEGETABLES. Judges-Messrs. P. M. Merkel, J. Hobbs, and W. Moulds. Vegetable«, collection, limited to 12 "species, not more than three varieties of each species-Cutting Bros.; T. Grivell; Sutton Bros. Carrots, long, 12, C. A. Halliday; Cutting Bros. Short, 12, Cutting Bros.; Sutton Bros. Red beet, -12 Cutting Bros.; C. A. Halliday. Celery, six heads, AV. E. Halliday; J. n. Hobbs. Salad, col- lection, T. Grivell; C. A. Halliday. Broad beans, one peck, J. J. Gabb. Beans, long pod, one peck, T Grivell; J. J. Gabb. Rhubarb, 12 sticks, Sut- ton Bros.; J. G. Jennings. Paisnips, 12, Cut- ting Bros.; Sutton Bros. Turnips, white, 12, D. Ridley; J. E. Rowell. Yellow, 12, Cutting Bros.; C A. Halliday. Swede, 12, J. Robinson (1 and 2). Herbs, culinary, collection, W. Harris (1 and 2). Cabbages, flat heads,- six,- Magill,'Boys' BeXonna, tory (1 and 2). Cabbages, heart-shaped, six, Mrs. J. Wear (i and 2). Red, six, AV.'Packer, AV. E. Halliday. Cauliflowers, six, AV. Packer; J. Robin- son. Spinach, 2 lb., J. E. Rowell; -J. Rowell. Lettuces, eos, 12, D. Ridley; T. Grivell. Looks, 12, Sutton Bros.; AV. E.' Halliday. Asparagus, 60 heads, Tolley, Scott, & Tolley; D. B. Hobson 3iid Sons. Seakale, six hoads, .1. Rowell (1 and 2). Onions, 1 cwt., Cutting Bros.; T. -Gr.ivell; AV E. Halliday. Potatoes, kidneys, 28 lb., AV. II. Ind; A\r. Packer. Round, red, 28 Ib., G. AValker; Cutting Bros. Any other'. variety, 23 lb., AV. Packer; T. Grivell.' Judges' remarks-"AVe con sidpr the show of vegetables excellent, and tak- ing it altogether far above the average. Recom- mend a. third prize in aay other A'aricty of pota- toes. Also recommend prize for Savoy cabbages." ' FLORICULTURE. .* ' Plants in Pots.-Judges-Messrs. T. Fraser, P. Somerville, and, J. Stuart. Group of ornamental plants arranged on a base of 30 square feet, C. F. Newman and Sons; II. Sewell; H. G. H. Piening. Ornamental, for table decorations, ¿x, in pots, not exceeding eight indies in diameter, C. F. Newman and Sons; H. E. H. Piening. New or rare, C. F. Newman and Sons; H. ¡sewell. Six coniferous plants, H. Sewell; O. F. Newman and Sons. Ornamental, twelve, distinct species, C. F. Newman and Sons; AV. J. Smith. Hardy outdoor, twelve distinct species, C. F. Newman and Sons; H. Sewell; AV. J. Smith. Variegated foliage; six distinct species, C. F. Newman and Sons; II. Sewell. Palms or cycads, six distinct species, H. Sewell; Newell and Son. Tree fern, Newell and Son; H. M. Giles. Ferns, twelve varieties, C. F. Newman and Sons; H. Sewell. Six, C. F. Newman and Sons; H. Sewell. Three, Tolley, Scott, and Tolley; H. Sewell. Fern, not tree, Tolley, Scott, and Tolley; C. F. Newman and Sons. Lycopods, three, C. F. Newman and Sons. Tricolor pelargoniums, six, AV. Harris; AV. II. Shaw. Three, AV. Harris; H. G. H. Piening. One, AA\ Harris; AV. H. Ind. Bicolor pelargoniums, six, W. Harris; AV. Al. Ind. Three, Vf. Harris; AV. H. Ind. One, Vf. Harris; AV II. Ind. Plants in baskets, six, C. F. Newman and Sons. Three, C. F., Newman and Sons; AV. Thomas and Co. One, C. F. Newman and Sons; H. G. H. Piening. Plants in pots and in bloom-New or rare, C. F. Newman and Sons; H. Sewell. Stove or greenhouse', six, C. F. Newman and Sons; H. M. Giles. Three, C. F. Newman and Sons; H. M. Giles. One, C. F. New- man and Sons; II. M. Giles; II. Sewell. Hardy, outdoor, six, H. M. Giles; H. Sewell. Three, C. F. Newman and Sons; C. AV, Harris. One, C. F. Newman and Sons; II. M. Giles. One, W. Harris. Pelargoniums, zonale, single, twelve, AV. H. Ind. Six, Vf. H. Ind; AV. Jl Smith. Tiiree, Vf. H. Ind; AAr. H. Smith. One, W. H. Ind; AV. Harris. .Pelargoniums, zonale, I double, twelve, W., H. Ind. Six, AV7H. Ind; AAVJ. Harris. Three, Vf. J. Harris; W. H. Ind. One, W.'H. Ind; VV.' J. Smith. Cactus, One, C. F. Newman and Sons; E. Geries.' Cinerarias, six, Tolley,¡ Scott, and Tolley; L. G. Johnson; AV. Thomas'and Co. Three, Tolley, Scott, and Tolley; J. Lip man; L. G. Johnson. One, J. Lipman; Tolley, Scott, and Tolley. Primula, sinensis, six, C. F. Newman and Sons; W. Thomas and Co. Three, C. F. Newman and Sons; AV. Thomas ' and Co. One, AV. Thomas and Co.; AV. Harris. Any other varieties, six, C. F. Newman and Sons. Three, AV. Harris; C. F. Newman and Sons. One, AV. Harris; C. F. Newman and Sons. Mimulus, one, AV. Harris. Petunia, one, J. Lipman; H. M. Giles. Single, six, AV. n. Shaw. Three, AV. Harris; J. Lipman. One, J. Lipman; G. Ayers. Bulbous or tuberous, three, C. F. New- man and Sons; AV. Harris. One, C. F. Newman and Sons; H. G. H. Piening. Cyclamens; six,' C. F. Newman and Sons. Three, C. F. Newman and Sons; AV. Thomas and Co. One, C. F. New- man and Sons; H. J. Pierce. Climbers, thrse, C. F. Newman» and Sons. One, C. F. Newman and Son; H. M. Giles. Camelias, six, C. F. New- man and Sonb. Three, C. F. Newman and Sons. One, C. F. Newman and Sons. Azadas, six, C. F. Newman and Sons;¡ H. Sewell. Three, C. F. Newman and Sons; H. Sewell. One, C. F. Newman and Sons; W. H. Shaw, i Ericas, three, C. F. Newman and Sons; H. Sewell. One, C. F. Newman and Sons; H. Sewell. Orchids, six, C. F. Newman and Son; H. Sewell. Three, C. F. Newman and Sons; H. Sewell. Orchid, < one, C. F. Newman and Sons; II. M. Giles. I Judges' remarks:-"The judges are pleased to notice an increase in competition, and would suggest that a third prize Ae offered for plants for table decora tionsj and lorne better arrangements made for ex- hibiting groups." CUT FLOAVERS. Judges-Messrs. AV. C. Hackett, G. Smith, and Vf. H. Pengclly. New, hardy, outdoor, D. F. .Lawrie. Hardy, outdoor, twelve, grown out of doors, C. F.'Newman and .Sons; H. M. Giles; H. Sewell. Six, C. F. Newman and Sons; H. M. Giles. Flowers, twenty-four, C. F. Newman and Sons; H. M. Giles. Twelve, 'C. F. Newman and Sons; H. M. Giles; W. J. Smith. Six, C. F. Newman and Sons; H. M. Giles., Throe, C. F. Newman and Sons; H. M. Giles. One, Hi M. Giles; C. F. Newman and Sons. Roses; twelve,' AAr. Harris; J. Lipman. Six, AV. Thomas and Co.; J. Lipman. Three, AV. Thomas and Co.; AV. Harris. One, W. Hains. Gladioli, six, J. J. Gabb. Three, Vf. Thomas and Co. Gladiolus, G. Ayers; AV. Thomas and Co. Anemones, twelve, E. Gries; J. J. Gabb. Six, E. Gries; AV. Thomas and Co. Three, AV. Thomas and Co.; E. Gries.1 One, Vf. Thomas and Co. Ranunculi, twelve, E. Gries; ,F. Fairey. Six, E. Gries; F. Fairey. Three, iE. Gries; D. F. Lawrie. One, E. Gries. Ixias, three, W. Harris. One, AV. Harris. Hya- cinths, six, Cl F. Newman and Sons; H. Sewell Three, C. F. Newman and Sons; H. Sewell. One, C. F. Newman and Sons. Carnations, six, F Fairey, D. F. Lawrie. Three, f. Fairey; J Beggs. One, J. Beggs. Dianthus, three, E. Gries; J. J. Gabb. Pelargoniums, zonale, single, twelve W. - H. Ind; AV. G. Smith; J. Lipman.' Six, AAr. H. Ind ; AV. J. Smith; J. Lipman. Three, AV. H. tod; W. Harris. -One, J. Lipman; AV H. Ind. Zonale, double, twelve, AV. H. Ind- AV J Smith j J. Lipman. Six, W. H. lud: AV. J. Sniùh! Three, AAr. 3. Smith; Vi. H. Ind. One, AVH. Ind; AV'J. Smith. Pelargoniums, ivy leaf, six, J Lip- man. Three, J. AV. Parker; J. Lipman. One. J. Lipman. Phlox drummondi, six, three cuts of each, E. Gries. Three, J. W. Porter; E. Gries. , A erbenas, six varieties, three trus33s of each, J. J. Gabb. Three varieties, three trusses of ea« li, I J. J.'Gabb. Camellias, twenty-four, H. A. Snrith C. Fl Newman & Sons; H. M. Giles. Twelve, H A. Smith; C. F. Newman & Sons; H. M. Giles Six, H. A. Smith; C. F. Newman & Sons. Three, C. F. Newman & Sons; H. A. Smith. One, C. F. Nowman & Sons; H. Af. Giles. Cinerarias six, To'-ley, Scott, & Tolley; J. J. Gabb. Three, Tolley, Scott, & Tolley; J. Lip- man. One, Tolley, Scott, & Tolley. Azaleas, six, C. F. Newman & Sons. Three, C. F. Newman and Sons. One, C. F. Newman & Sons. Ericas, six, C. A. -Halliday; C. F. Newman & Sons. Three, C. A. Halliday;! C. F. Newman & Sons. One, C. A. Halliday; C. F. Newman & Sons. Orchids,' six, V. F. Newman & Sons; H. Sewell. Three, C. F. Newman &-Sons; H. Sewell. One, C. F. Newman and Sons; H. Sewell. Petunias, double, one, J. Lipman. Single, six, J. Lipman; ,'. J. Gaob. ïhree, J. Lipman; Tolley, Scott, & Tolley. One, J. LirJman. Pansies, shew, six, J. J. Gabb.' Thrae, C. A. Halliday; AV. Thomas & Co. One, J. Vf. Porter. Fancy, six, J. AV. Porter; J. J. Gabb. Three, J.- Beggs; J. AV. Porter. One. J. AV. Porter. Annuals, twelve, J. J. Gabb. Six, J. AV. Porter; J. J. Gabb. Three, AA'. H. Shaw; J. AV. Porter. One, AV. Harris. Stocks, six, U. J Pearce; E. Gries. Three, H. J. Pearce; AV. Thomas & Co. One, H. J. Pearce. Bulbous or tuberous, twelve, C. F. Newman & Sons; J. J. Gabb. Six, C. F. Newman & Sons; J. J. Gabb. Three, C. F. Newman & Sons; AV. Harris. One, C. F. Newman & Sons; AA". Harris. Daffodils, twelve, three cuts of each, C. F. Newman & Sons. Six, C. F. Newman & Sons; H. Sewell. Three, C. F. Newman & Sons; Vf. Thomas & Co. One, J. J. Gabb. Narcissus, polyanthus, six, C. F. Newman & Sons; H. M. Giles. Three, C. t\ New- man & Sons; H. M- Giles. One, C. F. Newman and Sons. Climbers, six, C. F. Newman 4: Sons; E. Gries. Three, C. F.,Newman à Sons; J. >V. Porter. One, C. F. Newman & Sons; H. Sewell Gaiilardia, single, three, J. AV. Porter; C. F. New- man & Sonst One, J. VV. Porter. Shrubs, twelve, «!. F. Newman & Sons; H. Sewell. Six, C. F. New- man & Sons; H. M. Giles. Three, C. F. Newman and Sons; H. Sewell. One, C. F. Newman ano Sons; C. A. Halliday. Amaryllis, one, C. F. New- man & Sons, Penstemors, six, E. Gries; A\r. H. Shaw. Polyanthus, six varieties, three cuts of each. C. A. Halliday; J. AV. Porter.. Flowers, twelve, indigenous to South Australia, H. â. Smith; E. A. Colbey. Judges-Messrs. C. B. Hardy, H. G. Prince, and E. J. Cox. Floral design, C. F. Newman and Sons; H. Sewell. Design of flowers and fruit, -limited to 3 ft. square, F. C. Newman; AV. H. Ind. Basket of flowers, C. F. Newman and Sons; ILSewell. Bouquet for centre table, F. C. Newman; AV. Har- ris. Bouquet for'hand, C. F. Newman and Sons; F. C. Newman. Bouquets, for buttonhole, six, F* C. Newman; C. F. Newman and Sans; H. Sewell. Bouquet for buttonhole, ' F. C. Newman; C. F. Newman and Sons. Ladies' dress bouquet, six, C. F. Newman and Sons; H. Sewell; F. C. Newman. Lady's dress bouquet, C. F. Newman and Sons; -F. C. Newman. AVreath, not exceeding 2 ft. in ex- ternal diameter, C. F. Newman and Sons; H. Sewell; AV. Harris. AVall basket of cut flowers, C. F. Newman and Sons. Table bouquet of ever- lasting flowers, F. C. Newman. In their natural state, W. Harris. AVreath of everlasting flowers, C. F. Newman'and Sons; F. C. Newman. Judge. Mr. J. Fewings. Mangolds, globe, six, Sewage Farm (1 and 2). Long, iix, Sewage Farm (1 and 2). Sparrow and Starling Eggs and Heads.-^Judges Messrs. AV. Hackett and J. Harvey. Eggs, largest number-over 300-collected in South Australia, A. Rawlings (2,605); Â. L. Harris (1.S85); F. Turner (1,825); B. Nation (1,160); A. Smith (1,030). Heads, largest number-over 300-collected in South Australia, T. H. Tilley (575); F. Mellor (413); J. Mellor (356). HOMESTEAD LEAGUE. Judges-Colonel J. Rowell, Messrs. J. Hobbs, and A. E.' Pitt. Best collection of produce, not less than twelve varieties, Mrs. E. A. Colbey; A. Behrndt. ' Potatoes, kidney, 28 lb., J. Stacey. Potatoes, round, 2S lb., J. Stacey. Onions, 28 lb J Stacey; Mrs. E. A. Colbey. Carrots, twelve J. Stace}'. Parsnips, twelve, J. Stacey.' Turnips, twelve, J. Stacey; \W. Milligan. Red beet six J.* Stacey; F. R. OsBorne. Pie melons, three Mrs. Vogelsang. Rhubarb, twelve sticks, R McMillan. Apples, table, twelve, Mrs. Tomley; Vrq E \\. Colbey.- Apples, kitchen, twelve, Mrs' E. A. Colbey; G. n. French. Pears table, twelve, Mrs. E. A. Colbey, Oranges, navel, six, E. R. AVilhelm; A. Behrndt. Any other variety, six, A. Behrndt; Mrs. Vogels- ang. Lemons, six, Mrs. Volegsang; A Belirndt. Lo ouats 2 lb, E. R. Wilhelm; A. Behrndt., Bread home-made loaf, 2 lb., J. Porteus; Mrs. Davis. Honey, 7 lb., Mrs. E. A. Colbey; Mrs. Tomley. Beeswax, 7 lb., Mrs. Tomley. Butter, 4 lb., Mrs. E A Colbey; Mrs. Davis. Bacon, best flitch, Mrs. E. A. Colbey; Mrs. Tomley. Ham, pork, Mrs Davis; Mrs. E. A. Colbey. Eggs, hens', fresh, one dozen, A. Behrndt; J. Porteus. Ducks', fresh, one dozen, J. AAr. Perry; E. R. Wilhelm. Pickles, four bottles, assorted, Mrs. E. A. Col be v- Mrs. Tomley. Sauce, tomato, six pints, Mrs' E.' A. Colbey; A. Behrndt. Dried fruits best exhibit. G. H. French; Mrs. E. A. Colbey. Pot plants, six, in bloom, Mrs. E. A. Colbey; A. Behrndt. Pot plants, three, in bloom, Mrs. E. A. Colbey; F. R. Osborne. Pot plant, one, in bloom, Mr«. E. A. Colbey; F. R. Osborne. Cut flowers. si\ vajfiDtics, Mrs. E. A. Colbey; Mrs. Davis. Three, F. R. Osborne: Mrs. E. A. Colbey. One, M|>. Davis; Mrs. Tomley. Best bouquet of flower};. Mrs. Tomlev; Mrs. E. A. Colbey. Poultry.-Judge, Mr. T. A. Caterer. Spanish, pair, R. Northey; R. McMillan. Dorking.«, pair. J. AV. Perry. Leghorne, pair, R. McMillan; R.Northey. Any other breed, pair, R. McMillan. Turkeys, pair, R. McMillan; Mrs. E. Kasnagen. Geese, pair, R. McMillan. Ducks, pair, J. AV. Perry; R. McMillan. Pigs-Fat pig, any breed, not exceeding 100 lb. live weight. R. Northey; H. C. French. THE EVENING CONCERT. Tlie main hall of the Exhibition Building Avas crowded to OA'erfioAving on Thursday evenins, but the conditions Avere scarcely favorable to those Avho participated iu the concert. Indeed one remark over, heard from a country visitor ade- quately summed up the situation, "Miss Hack has a lovely voice if ive could only hear it.'' And so it was. Miss Guli. Hack, A.R.C.M.. .«ang Battem's "Woodland madrigal," and those who vere in range demanded her reappearance, and she responded with "Comm' thro' the rye." .She subsequently sang Monckton's "May, June, July," but managed to escape re- sponding to another encore.' ' Miss Jessie Galbraith met with instant favor in her singing o£_ Blumenthal's "Sunshine and rain," and in response to an imperative re- call she contributed "A little bit of string." In lier second programmed number the old Scotch song, "Down the burn," Miss Gal- braith had again to reappear, when ohe re- peated a portion of the song. Mr. Beresford sang "Stiollirig player" and "Off to Phila- delphia," and Avon due approval. The selec- tions rendered by Herr A. RsMumme's or- chestra were "The Royal salute" (Mummel, "Puritani" (Bellini), "Doreen" (Bonheur), "Sweet Nell" (Mumme), "A Chi- nese honeymoon" (Vousden), "Ma Mie Rosette" (Caryll), "Carmen" (Bizet), "The gondoliers" (Sullivan), "Dorothy" (Cellier), and "Chanson de Hussars" (Mumme). Miss Kingsborough acted a~ accompanist, and the concert formed a fit- ting finale to the pleasures of the day. 