pe §|Jti% #W A MAGNIFICENT DISPLAY. RECORD EI^TRIgS. ' i ilEST DAY— THURSDAY, SEPT. 10.. I1 The .resources. o£ a ? nation's producton. lorm a first essential of prosperity. South &uBtraiia; has not yet measured the extent of her possibilities in this direction, and probably will not do so for centuries yet to come. Nevertheless, she has essayed some thing in several directions, and the results 'fcugur well for the future'. Her expansive territory includes vast areas of soil, whose 'c«n»rnnii TVOTinnBe to the labor of the 'ilUS- feandman, in^eeajsons fairly. propitious, has 'secured for her produce enviable promi nence among the world's beet samples in. 'jeereals, vegetables, and fruits. The in troduction of improved methods of culfcm tion has added considerably to the quality as well as to the bulk of the products of ? farmers and gardeners. The end is not yet, for progress is the watchword of jnodern life. The spring and autumn ex hibitions, held under the auspices of the Koyal Agricultural and Horticultural Society of South Australia have won for Ithemselves a distinct place In the institu tions of the State. By. the excellence of xueir arrangements ana tne lacmcy; mey give for comparing the produce of dif ferent districts, and marking the advances made in all matters relating to the life of the pastoraDst, the fanner, and the manu facturer, they may fairly be included in the .wide range of educational organisations. Certain it is that a visit to the show ground on Thursday week would have added considerably to the range of knowledge even of the fairly enlightened in matters pertain ing to the rural districts. In all depart ments, the 'entries were as meritorious as they were numerous. fi THE EXECUTIVE COMMITTEE. J The gentlemen who were responsible for the proijBi1 carrying out of' the work of the society, on show day were: — \\- Committee for Agriculture — Messrs. Henry Kelly '(chairman), T. Atkinson, EL G. Butterfleld, Thos. fi. Divey, H- 0. H. Denton, F. H. Edwards, Wil liam Gilbert, M.P., W. Hackett, John Harvey, D. Packham, C. Rake, and A. W. Sandford. t Pastoral and Wool — Messrs. O. H. Angas (ehair hian), J.-EL Angas M. S. Hawker, A. J. Hurray, John Murray, Frank Bymill, the Hon. . \Y. B. liounscvel], M.I'., Mr. Thomas Sandland, Sir J. lancelot fctirling, il.L.C, and Mr. Eversley Thomas. '' ? Horticulture and Floriculture— Messrs. C. ' W. Giles (chairman), James Beggs, Jonah Hobbs, Fred C. Newman, John F. Pascoe, O. Pitt, Colonel James Rowell C.B., Messrs. H. Sewell, Edwin Smith, and H. Wicks. i Wine— Mr. \Y. H. Gillard (chairman), Dr. An gove, Messrs. G. F.~ CleUnd, W. P. Auid, J. OiUard, T. Hardy, U. M. Martin, and G. B. .Young. ? i Committee for Machinery, Manufactures, and Miscellaneous — Messrs. William Bickford (chair, man), J. A. BagBhaw, A. W. Dobbie. James Dun /can, a. R Ind, J. H. Borwood, B. McEwin, John 3V. Sandford, A. M. Simpson, and P. Wood. ? Horses, &c.;— Messrs. H. .Graves (chairmau), G. W. Bagot, R. H. Cravrford, John Hill, John Ham mer, and J. H. Enabe. ? -» Dogs and Poultry — Messrs. A. Rutlor Clarke '(chairman), W. R. Brown, F. W. Marahall, John P. UeUor, W. EL Milford, and J. H. Shearing. Finance Committee — Messrs. Frank Eymill (chairman), B. H. Crawford, William Gilbert, M.P., -W. Hackett, and A. M. Simpson. ? tarprovement Oommittee— Messrs. Frank Rymill (chauman), C. H. Angas, J. A. Bagsbaw, William Gflbert, ILP., John HU1, Aiick J. ifurrav, Sir J. l«ncelot StMing, M.L.C., and Mr. Everdey ffhomas. Auditore— Mefisrs. F. H. Xason and Edn-ard Kay. Secretary — Mr. John Crcswcll. TEgS NEW GROUNDS. The\gi*owing prosperity of the show has during the last few years led to a taxing of space at the disposal of the society be yond the limit of comfort, and the need for . extending the boundaries of the grounds \- .was feJt to be imperative. Fortunately the society has been able to add to the pre vious -accommodation by including within the area oi the show's operation a piece cf land about; 1,000 ft. in length, with a varying width, the approximate mean of Which is 300 ft. The newly acquired land extends from the old boundary westward, along the Victoria-avenue, to the bowling green, and occupies the entire space be tween the railway line_on the southern side and the river drive oil the north'. A long eweep of roomy and conveniently-airangea cattle stalls, skirts the greater part of the boundary abutting on Victoria-avenue,' and accommodation for fat sheep has been made , along the rest of this line of fence. Neat pig pens -are arranged on the side of the new area, up to the intersecting roadway at the western extremity of the produce 4epot. . From this point to -the junction, with the old grounds, a congeries of stalls for fat cattle js arranged. Along the ;western boundary, immediately adjacent to the bowling green, a block of nicely designed galvanized iron buildings, neat in appearance, embellished with gables and . arches, and lighted by means of lantern roofs, give space for the new shed and cattle yards. The principal shed is about $00 ft. by 100 ft., arid is filled with. 54 stalls 12 ft. by 7 ft., and six champion pens 16 ft. \--iy 12 ft. The arcades intersecting the r ihed are 'very conveniently situated^'eo that -the cattle are displayed to the best possible' advantage, one benefit of these additions is the facility with M'hich .the stock can be paraded, as an open space of. considerable width extends the entire. length from the cattle yard buildings between the stalls and pen_s, thus leaving ample room for a parade oval. About 900 ft. of this length is devoted to the 3d flails for stud -cattle, and the pig pens cover about 700 it. This part of the exhibition pre sented a busy scene throughout the whole f-i Thursday, and visitors expressed teen appreciation of the convenience of the ar rangements. The «ost of the new enactions has been about £2,700, but the ijioney has been well and prudently spent- This por tion of the ehow^gi'ounds was gay with bunt ~ ing, fend brisk with the tread of thousands of feet. SHEEP. The sheep entries this year probably constituted a record, notwithstanding the '''fact that the season was not all it might have -been. So numerous -were the exhibits that extra pens had to be provided to accommodate them. The «i **j»se -was particularly noticeable in the ; ifierino 'arid-Shropshire classes, and tbc vfiuoKes had a much more difficult task than ? ^Iml to i)erforni. Thte judges, several 4 If whom were from the other StafcS; ; ;&d; ^SeVwork well, and they were ably ^Mfiistedvby^he: stewards and a nutofeer oi ptudcnSj from the EoBewortby Agricultural : . MERINO. PerhapB the greatest interest was taken in the merino eheep, and the judges found it exceedingly difficult to select the champion ram. The . contest for that honor was be iWeen'Mr. W. ». Crazier** Chunky, and. Mr. loan Marray*B ram, an animal which took first prize as a four-tooth, end last year was runner-up for the cheunpionBhip. Even-J tually the honor went to Mr. Grozier. The judges thought a great deal or the winning ram. . ,He OR a very dense dieep, with strong, bold Wool, of an even, character. He is deep bodied, close to the groundL- andjias a fine front and heavy 'thighs. Chunky is a pure-bred Bockbrook ram^ and Mr.' Cro rier has every reason to beproad of him. He also secured first award in the claea for combing merino rain, 1J and under 2| years, and obtained a. 'leg m' for the Wendt Chal lenge Cup. Of the champion and the run ner-up one of the judges remarked: — 'They would hold their own in any part of Aus tralia. The champion is exceptionally well covered, fie has a splendid frame, good constitution, and is well formed throughout. There was very little between him and the runner-up.' The list of winners of the champion prize is as follows: — 1887— A. J. Murray, Baron. 1888— W. A. Murray, Cappeedee. .1)889— W. A. Murray, Oappeedee. ? 1890-Hon. G. C. Hawker. 1891— A. J. Murray, Jacob. 1892— A. J. Murray Jacob. 1893-^TrH. Murray, General Gordon. 1894r-A. J. Murray, Jonah H. 1895— W. A. Murray's Gentleman. ' 1896-J. Murray, Wellington. 1897—A. J. Murray. 1898— W, V. Crazier, George Hamilton. 1899-7-A.-J. Murray, Majestic. 1900— J. Murray. ; 1801— J; H. Angas. '? £ ; 1902— J. Murray, Nugget. 1903— W. J.Crozier, Chunky. showed, the best ran^ 3J years or . over, whilst Mr. J. H. Angas' Hill Biver estate provided the runner-up. The class for rams 2£ and under 3i years went to Mr. John Murray, of Rhine Park, and Mr. A. J. Murray, of Mount Crawford, scored in the class for rams 1J years. A lot of the sheep showed signs or the weather, the young sheep particularly. In many cases they were glued,' and it was more difficult for the judges to take a line through the sheep- this year than perhaps ever before. The two-tooth sheep were a good lot, but they also showed signs of the weather. The aged classes were very good, and did not show the effects of the weatherjeo much as the younger sheep. Taken as a whole the ineriuo ewes were a fine lot, particularly the two-tooth champion ewe, and. the pen of five ewes, although in the latter class there was no competition. Among the other exhibits were some fine examples of strong-woolled sheep, and it is'a striking fact that in South Australia, are to be found the best strong-woolled animals, a true strong woolled type of merino. Mr. A. J. Murray provided the champion ewe (aged.)- She is a large-framed animal, carrying a heavy fleece in strong wool of a good character and density. She secured the Dalgety Challenge Cup. In the first place ?the judges selected Mt. E. E. Thomas' IJ years ewe as champion, but she was de barred owing to age from securing the honor. The judges remarked regarding this: — 'De- barred by regulation from taking the cham pion, otherwise this prize would bare been awarded to this ewe.' There is a difference of opinion regarding1 the regulation, but it appears to be generally considered that a young sheep may not develop. The far mers^ class was well contested, and on the whole the sheep shown were better than last year, and were in good condition. 6HHOPSHIHES. There was a good show of Shropshires, not perhaps as' numerous as the exhibits at Victorian shows, but 6till a creditable col lection. Mr. S. J. Webb, of Victoria, who' acted as judge, remarked .— ?'There are some very typical sheep here. They look like the imported animal, and are what have been required for^ some years, past, as owners want to get really good stock to breed up to.' Both the champion ram and ewe are splendid animals. The ram, the property of Sir Samuel Way, is a typical 'Shropshire. He is not large, but that is 'a matter of feeding. Some people can force their sheep twice the size of others. He has a good density of wool. The champion ewe ig owned by Mr. E. E. Tliomas, and she is a perfect picture, standing like a box on four corner posts. She is well covered with wool, and has a tremendous' constitution. The Shropshire is wonderfully prolific, and exceptionally -high percentages of lambs have been secured In Australia, The ani mals shown were not 'got up.' In Victoria and Tasmania the artistic showmen exist, and they send their animals to exhibitions in perfect style, the fleece being as smooth as possible. LI1CC0LX8. The competition in the Lincoln class was not keen, and most, if not all, of the ani mals shown are owned by. Mr. Joseph Gmndy. He took all the prizes, including the champion ram and ewe. DOWNS. Like Lincolns, Downs were not numerous. Mr. H. Smith had matters all his own way, and annexed all the prizes. DAIRY PRODUCE. Mr. Robert Crowe (the Victorian dairy expert) was the judge of dairv produce, and on Wednesday he completed the butter class, and got well into the cheese section. The practice adopted a few years ago of judging by points was again followed. The display of fresh butter (50 lb.) was good, and the Onkaparinga Cheese and Butter Company secured the first award with 98 points. They lost two points on flavor, but for texture, odor, salt, and appearance they secured the maximum. The' Blakistoti Cheese and Butter Company, Mount Bar ker Dairy Produce Company. andBalhannah Cheese and Butter Company s exhibits were also good, and ran the winning company close. Messrs. C. F. Newman & Son were successful in the -doss for 7 lb. of fresh butter, securing 96 points, and Mr. A. W. Shillabeer was the only competitor for 5 lb. fresh butter of a fancy design. Messrs. C. H. Tuckwell secured first and second prize for 5 cwt. of butter fit for export. Regard ing this class, Mr. Crowe said — 'I am sorry that I cannot compliment the society on their entries for export butter, both as re gards number and quality.' This year has been so favorable for dairy men that those interested in the manufac . ture of butter, cheese, and other dairy pro duce are looking forward with confidence to a big expansion of the industry in the near future. Even in the dry seasons that were experienced up to the end of last year, dairy fanners generally well maintained the position they had gained, and how that better times are promised they should not fail\ to make the best use of the oppor tunities that are likely to -be afforded them in tiie direction of expanding their under takings on sound business lines. The growth of suitable fodder crops for the Herds, absolute cleanliness in the handling of milk and cream, and the proper, care of the cow are matters of vital, importance in dftirj: farming. - The fjxnjbits fA the show liis year* were more numerous than ever before, and on the whole made a splendid collection. ''There were no fewer 'than 19 entries in the cteas for 50 lb. of fresh but ter, shown in plain rolls or in cubes, and the principal feature was the general good character of the exhibits. There is no doubt that this collection was a fine lot of butter, and the silver medal has been, awarded 'to the Onkaparinga. CflieeBe and Butter* Factory.' Keen' competition, took ilace in the farmers' class of 7 lb. of fresh butter, and everyone; of the nine entries deserved the space it occupied on the show; stand. The remark of the judge (Mr. R. Crowe,' the Victorian. Government dairy*1 expert), concerning' the entriesT-of 5 cwt. of butter in cases or kegs, suitable for ex port, was, 'More. enterprise should have been displayed in' the competition, and the quality 'should have been better.' The silver medal and the second prize have been won by Messrs. C. H. Tuckwell & Son, of Wilmington. Large quantities of hams and bacon were on view, and the qualify of the exhibits was first-class. The judge ex pressed the opinion that the magnificent display was .a credit to South Australia. The, entries in cheese were larger, but a. number of those shown did not exhibit an improvement on the produce of previous years; in fa&t;^some of them appeared to be of a much, lower standard. - There is doubt less considerable room, for improvement in the manufacture of a largo quantity of our cheese. Mr. Crowe, when asked hia opinion on the exhibits in these classes, «aid that only one-third of the cheese was of a fair or good quality, the balance show ing a lot of room for improvement. The makers should pay much more Attention, he thought, to the teachings of Mr. G. S. Thomson, -the South Australian Govern ment, dairy expert, as it would be to their benefit to do so. Mr. Crowe said he hacl seen better cheese here before, and had ex pected improvements on what he previously inspected, but had been disappointed in this connection. He was. delighted, how ever, with the display of hams and bacon, and it was not an easy matter for him to arrive at a decision in awarding the prizes when the merits of such, a number of them were so high. Large numbers of eggs were entered for competition, and the rivalry for the prizes was close. Messrs. A. W. Sandford & Co. made entries in ;the classes of best collection of dairy utensils, cans for the carriage of milk, and mechanical or automatic butter workers, but did not meet with opposition. This firm, however, made a splendid show of dairy utensils. Messrs. A. M. Bickford and . Sons exhibited waterglass . of their own manufacture for the preservation of eggs. CATTLE. If any section of the show attracted more attention this year than previously or ex cited more favorable comment it was. that devoted to the cattle. The extension of the show grounds westerly along the bank of the Torrens has added practically a new show ground''U- the old area, and the en hanced accommodation for the cattle has been provided in a manner that makes not only for the comfort of the animals but for the pleasure and. convenience of the visitors. Mr. Donald Forbes, who has been taking care of Mr. J. H. Angas' Herefords for the last 18 years, was most enthusiastic con cerning facilities afforded for the display of the valuable animals that Mr. Angas exhi bits year after year. 'There is nothing to approach it in Sydney or Melbourne,' he said. 'I travelled through England m 1894, and saw the four biggest shows there, and there were no arrangemeate there so complete as these. Queensland, Victoria, and New South Wales are not in it, and they had better send their secretaries here to copy us. The stalls are so arranged that you can see the animals broad side on, and so far as the stalls for the champion stock are concerned, you can get all round the animals.' Mr. Forbes' opinion, which is extremely valuable coming from such a source*, was endorsed on all sides, by exhi bitors, judges, and the general public. Those who remained long in the cattle house found the atmosphere very warm. Thursday was, however, an unusually hot day for Septem ber, but nevertheless louvres near the roof o'n the western side of the building would be an advantage. Once again Mr. J. H. Angas swept the board in the Shorthorn and Hereford classes, -and the manner in which the cattle were exhibited reflected the greatest credit, not only on the owner, but on Mr. Forbes and Mr. H. Jenkins, who were directly re sponsible fpr the preparation of the Here fords and Shorthorns respectively. For the third year in succession the famous white buH, Beverly Duke XXX.,- now a four-year-old, carried off the champion prize, as he did recently in Sydney. The magnificent -beast held quite a levee during the afternoon, and very few who saw the cattle at all failed to notice him. The two year-old bullprize went to Duke of Con naught XVIII. and Beverley Duke XXXVni, a very promising youngster, was successful in the yearimg class. The old cow Rugia Niblett XHI. was adjudged the best cow for breeding purposes, and was also awarded the championship. The Herefords -were not particularly numerous, but they included some superb stock. Mr. Angas took the championship with the two year-old bull, Mayfield IX., and for the cow championship his Effie Deans IX. beat Mr. P. Charley's Miss Kyre VII., an Eng lish imported cow. There were no polled cattle 6hown. Hol stein FriesiarlH kept pace with the general improvement shown in the cattle section, and not only were they more numerous, but they were in better show condition. Mr. J. W; Porter owned the whole of them, and the opinion was expressed by visitors to- the Melbourne Show that had he eVKbited in Victoria he would have had no difficulty in -carrying all before him. His immense bull, Koos H., was once again made champion. The great improvement in the cattle show was largely confined to Ayrehires and Jerseys. : The pretty little Jerseys had quite a host of admirers. Mr. A. W. Silver, of Brighton, is probably the most enthusiastic breeder of Ayrshire cattle in South Australia, and had last year es tablished the superiority of bib stock, which he obtained some years ago from Victoria. He had the field to himself this year. In Ayrshires and Jerseys he ex hibited 16. animalsyand, including cham pionships, he took To prizes. He secured Hie Avrshire bull chammonshin with Fore .maTi pf Oakbank, last year's winner, and last year's champion cow;-Design of Oak bank, was also successful again this year, beating Lady Rose, now 12 years old, one of the best Ayrshire cows ever shown in the State. Her stock have taken prizes wher ever they have been shown in Australia. Two of her heifers, which were recently sold in Victoria, brought £7u, one £41, ana the other £35 The most interesting feature of the cattle exhibition toa£ the: 'competition in Jerseys, and considerable importance attached to the awards in tbji«a8f|;S Mr. W. Woodmason, of Malv«rn,ipipm- one of the best au~ thorities on Jemmm' Australia, officiated ' as judge. Mr^Mi&maoB.; knew nothing of the o^Tie^'iD M^mttle, and in tie two | championship classes hia decisions' were exactly the same as those of last year. The Hon. W. B. Ronnsevell was thus once again, the winner of the championship for bull of any age with Prince Alick, who beat Mr. A. J. Murray's Claribelle Angler, Sir. A. W. Silver's Defender (the sire of Prince Alick), andtwo others. Mr. Rounsevell will there fore be the first to -have his name engravea on the Glutterbuck challenge trophy, which has to be won three times by the same ex hibitor before it becomes his property. The champion cow, Maitland Charlotte, is owned by Mr. A. J. Murray, and she also carried off the championship tost year. She is in deed an animal that it would be difficult to beat in any show ring, and has been de scribed by an authority as the most typical and perfect Jersey cow ever shown in Aus tralia. Tt may be evidence of her quality that she is the grand-dam of Mr.Ronnsc rell's champion bull. Mr. Murray has thuB scored a first win for the Basse challenge .trophy (which has also to be won three times), on. which he will have his name en graved. . In some classes there were na many es eight animals shown, and the com petition throughout was very keen. The other chief winners in Jerseys were Messrs. E. O. Gwynne, J. S. Tregilgas, H. C. Wright, S. S. Ralli, and A. W.' Surer. The Hon. W:'B. Rounsevell carried off the special prize in the farmers' class for the best pen of three cows or heifers of any pure breed, suitable for dairy purposes. FAT STOCK. Fat stock were accommodated just inside the new cattle grounds, and what ?was thought to be sufficient yard accommo dation was provided. The number of en tries, however, exceeded anticipations, and special arrangements had to be made at the last moment for stock that otherwise could not have been shown. While there were thus more fat stock than in previous years, the animals were, as a whole, well up to the standard that has been established in the past. Mr. S. Kidman exhibited a good many cattle from his Bulloo Downs and Lake Albert runs, and another large exhi bitor was Mr. W. Richardson, of Wood chesber. In some cases these gentlemen exhibited jointly, and with the exception of one or two classes they carried, all be fore them. Nearly all their cattle 'were afterwards sold by Messrs. Bennett and Fisher, at good prices. The first prize ox brought £29 10A The splendid lot of fat sheep and lambs shown boi'e testimony to the larger part this State is playing in the frozen meat trade. In some classes there was very keen competition, and extremely good prices were realised at the auction sales that took place during the afternoon. The five crossbred sheep belonging to Mr. It. R. Wake, of Redhill, which took se cond prize in - their class, were 'knocked down to Messrs. Sherriff Bros., of Gawler, at 57/6 per head. Mr. W. Ridgway car ried off both prizes for ten lambs, suited for freezing and export. DRAUGHT HORSES. ' The horse judges began their work at 11 o'clock, and when they got into the ring they must have felt pleased with the fine lot of draught stallions tliat cam? before them for the championship. There were sewn on the card, but Federal did not pnt in an appearance. The work of deciding the prizes took some time, aud one could readily understand the difficulty, seeing that the horses presented were such a fine lot. Finally the judges fixed upon Mr. Pat. Kearin's Oakbranch, a pure Clydesdale, by imported Oakbraneh, and awarded him the Murray Challenge Cup and the society's £10. The winner is a horse of massive type. He is deep in front, and stands on four short, well-boned legs, covered below with a thick matting of strong Jiair. He has great flat knees, and for a sire of his substance Oakbranch is exceedingly active, movingwith a well-balanced swing. Mr. G. P. Hellyer, of Mount Gambier, who brought a string of 13 to the ground, showed in this section a handsome chesnut called the Real McKie. He is a big lei low, and he handles himself well when trot ting over the grass, and no one could have felt any surprise when he was selected to head the lot in th& four-year-old division. Some remarkably nice horses were shown here, and Mr. Pat. Kearin, an old supporter of the show, took second honors w.'tb. Young Royal Oak, who is. five years and eleven months old. Only two three-year-olds were exhibited, and the honors went to Mr. a. WeatheralTs Coronation, Federal run ning second. One would have liked to have seen more than three lots in the two-year- j old section, but they were all promising ; horses. Mr. H. P. Marshall scored with : his bay Craig Burnie from Mr. H. Crbuehe's exhibit. Mr. Hellyer's enter- : prise in travelling so far with his horses met due reward again, as he succeeded with Pride of the West in beating four others. This is a well-grown, compact youngster, who should fill into a big horse. All round the mares were a splendid lot. There was plenty of competition for the .Smith Challenge Cup, with the accompany ing prize of a silver medal. This is thft chamnionshin class, and the Mount Gam 'bier mare Daisy II., owned by Mr. G. P. Hellyer, won. She is a bouncing big mare, by Ben More, a horse by Cox's imported Lord Dunmore, out of a Clydesdale Hero mare, and was -bred in the Wimmera dis trict of Victoria. A glance at the prlze 'fist will show that Mr. Hellyer did well throughout the day, and it was a distinction for that breeder to capture the champion ship. His Daisy -III. took first place in the three-yearKHd filly section, Mr. Pat. Kearin following with & handsome black, Queen. Seven two-year-olds entered the ring, and the'judges had «ome difficulty in selecting from the lot. Finally their choice lit on Mr. F. H. Lehmann's Pearl of Hazel dene, a wellrframed filly of substance. Messrs. JVM. and E. P. O'Sullivan's Ypuug Shamrock ranked next, Only five yearling* jrere ?a new. but, thet ve» wefy-famn and no one could complain, of the selectiont made, Bonnie Oak, a filly that should fill into a high - class brood mare'. One of the features of the show was ' the display of Suffolk Punches, a useful class of horse* ,The fact jthat the competi tion was not as keen as could have been wished did not detract from, the merit of the exhibits, and no doubt with time the State will boast a good collection of this breed. The horses entered not for competi tion were Mr. R. E. Warbur ton's recen£ importations, the Suffolk Punch entire, Chieftain, 1 year 11 months and 20 days old, and Ensign, a young colt of the same age. They are both intended to do stud duty on that gentleman's station. Another was Messrs. T. R. and. A. P. JBowman's Courtier^ 1 year 11 months. ROADSTERS. The roadsters, who were judged by Mr. John Taylor, of Quirindi, New South' Wales, maintained their reputation. There was plenty of opposition to Mr. J. W. Por* ter's King Frederick the Great, who is. rising 9 years, and is one of the fiaeefc horses seen in the Adelaide show ring But the crack maintained his position, beating his opponents, the judge counting Mr. Ar thur Waterhouse'a Bushfire, 5 years, next best. This latter horse is a nice animal '' all over,' if not such a commanding-l-jkina slap as; his conqueror. King Frederick he Great has made improvement since he wok ijp Jbte residence at Mr, Porter's sta aon, Glenbrook, Victor Harbor, and, of souree, he was sent into the ring dressed n his best. A big topped one, he has with t plenty of 4-one below, or he would not as he^did before coming to Australia) have anted so close to 'the best horses of bis lay wEfagland. When Mr. O. C.McMahon ftwhim-vtwo years ago he remarked— A beautifully-actioned horse.' Baylock, »n of Blacklock, won in the two-year-old elaB8,^nd Clonard beat his solitary oppo; lent in tile yearling division. Half a dozen -ropd meres, visibly in foal or with one . i * toot, suitable for mating with a road *er stallion,, went before the judge, who i (elected ;Mr; J.rW.' Sorter's fiv£yeai-old, Jueen's Dauditer, who is by ', -Wilton Pre- ; nuer, from Beatrice. The prieciwinne^-ra beautifully put together stud matron— was Carrying a foal^to , Kin* Jgrederick the Mreat. Mr. 'Herbert S. Fisher ran second With a dark brown Victorian purchase, Ijiess, a mare by Ebony, by Woilomai, from PpesvnBg; by Moroington. Mr. Fisher's nice, mare was in the same place in the WasB following, in which Mr. J. H. Ald ndge succeded with his ' grey Helter Skelter. There was but one exhibit in the *bree-year-old section, Mr. W. A. Wood's Rosebud. The pony entires were uumer pus. ^ad the judging led to the defeat of the iittle champion. Furreed, who enjoyed a royal march on the racecourse, and who won here twelve months ago. Mr. Taylor pitched upon Mr. Phillip Charley's Roman Warrior for first honors. This is a strona packed, sound-legged big little chap, a golden sheened chesnut, who should get a good class of stock. HORSES li-i ACTION. Xae horses in action were watched by a tremendous crowd of people. His Excel lency the Governor visited the ring curing the judging, and gave close attention to Jjie proceedings. The wncials were:— Horse committee— Messrs i Jenry Graves (chairman), G. W. Bagot, R. *\ vrawford, John Hammer, John Hill, Ind J. H. Knabe. Stewards— Messrs. G Iff. Bagot (Thursday). J. H. Knabe and ik0'^ ftfcfoy). »? H. Crawford and \- jfohn Hammer [Saturday). Judge, Mr. John Taylor, ? of Quirradi, New South (Wales. Great interest centered in the Maiden Juniors up to 12 at. Half a dozen horses ipmpeted, and they gave a capital exhibi ilon of jumping. Two rounds of four ences each were allotted them, and the contest, resulted as follows:— Means. M. Donaghy k Sons' b -r Skinny /.r Ponoghy) ? .. ' ' *~ , Ifc' « «°ii ^'elbr g miy (Palter) .... 3 Br. a S Kalli s ch g De Wet (J. Mulliris) .... o MX. O. Beynell's b g Lancer (Owner) .... .. - Mr. F. W. Diekmann's b g Leo (Owner) .... 0 De Wet began operations and jumped jarefully, being evidently a bit green I iowever, with a season's hunting he should ( lerelop into a first-class jumper. Lancer i truck the third fence, and Leo, after stop ij* a!Lthe Becolld obstacle, clouted his : Ider off, but he was fortunately not hurt. , Miry, who has carried the drag at hunts for Some time past, was engaged, and he had gainter in the saddle, with no less than 45 V-. of lead to make up the weight. Last Reason he went through the hunt without Slaking a mistake, and this year he has done equally well. He cleared all his otK Stacles splendidly Skipper jumped well, but he hung a bit at his fences. He is possessed of much quality, however, and Was eventually awarded first prize. Delhi mis admroed for his good performance. Some ifoce lady's hacks put in an appearance, and u m er- SP itfa^f black eddiag, ridden by. Mrs. H. B. Welch, was awarded first prize,. Hero, ridden by Miss E. Weir, takine Second award. Five pony pairs, 13.3 and under 14,1 hands were shown, and the Chosen pair were Mr. W. L. Davidson's Dot $nd Dash a beautiful couple of bay mares very evenly matched, w^ho have been in the dhow ring before. They come from Tan tinda. Messrs. R. Ferguson & Co.'s Prince and bnip were the next two to catch the Judge s eye. There was fair competition in the class for ponies under 12 hands, and Mr W. Crozler s Model, a nice black pony, was Adjudged the best of the lot. Tnere wer| 18 light-weight hackneys, over 14.1 hands tod up to 11 st. in the ring, and Mr. A. Uaden, of Mount Gambler, secured both first and second prizes. The winner is a bay geldingby Rufus, and the runner-up a brown by Bachelieu. Ponies, 13.3 and not j eXCGGnTncr 14-_1 hnnHu iimKa -m.».A ? ? _* the judge's verdict was for Mr. Reg Uoodens^ nice ehesnut Mack, Mr. R H Urawfords grey mare Pops being second. PIGS. 'We regret the lack of competition and suggest that the prizes should be more liberal to induce a greater number of ex hibits, which on this occasion^ure not ud to the usual standard.' These are the jomments of Messrs. J. W. (Shannon, M.P WV. J. Davies, and. John Ledger, the judges' toon the nig division; . Some years ago tins section dwindled almost into insigni ficance but during the last four years the itompeution has been much keener,' each Show producing fresh exhibitors. This time J|or some unknown reasons, there waa 6\. considerable falling off, both in quality find quantity, and there was general regret Amongst those who take an interests in 'the gintlemin that pay the rint' at ithe display pf apathy on the part of breeders Mr. J. W. Porter's Essex boat, with its Enormous body and head, which morere Bembled a rhinoceros than one of the por olne tribe, attracted most attention, iftle nig was undoubtedly the largest and indteed the ugliest that has ever been 'seen at ??= a |how, its huge ears and tusks being most tepulsive. TTo connoisseurs, of course nt I TOs highly Interesting, and its various ; joints were the snbject of much scrutiny all i lay. Messrs, H. & E. Mayfieldfs chubby ind symmetwoaHy shaped Essex boar won ust prize, md it well deserved it. The jLTamworth boar, which, according to an ex iert, shows too much ^'daylight^ and Uot jnough pork/', also came m.fpr a great 'If1 ilr^'fe- Jtf \\. elated sSout. fprpty-hned body, and big legs upset all the traditions -if . pig breeding, and' it careered around Its pen with a aprighiliness' that contrasted greatly with the lumbering fomnplent gait of the other breeds, which would not respond to the incessant poking I * umbrellas and sticks into their ribs. The : ton-,r- , ? Dun^i1 secured first prize for ;ne Berkshire boar, Mr. W. Kither ob alned two commendable wins; and the ! JoseVorthy Agricultural College was also Buccessful. TEe pigs were shown on the southern side of the new grounds, they had fine roomy pens, and were sheltered from fhe warm sun. Not only were the animals ihbre comfortable than any of their prede cessors have ever been at an Adelaide show, but the public were able to inspect' them much more easily than previously. POULTBY AND PIGEONS. If ever: the Government adopted a wise policy it- was when they took action to en B£§ the breeding of good marketable ry. At one time this division was a t one in the show, fancy birds prepon derating, but now the attention of men in the trade is concentrated on the rearing of utility poultry, which is suitable for export, #nd, which will return }he producer ft Hand some profit. The wisdom of the Govern liient ib. sending Mr.'iDrF. Laurie (the poul try expert) irito-ttie country a: few years ago to lecture to the farmers on the desir ability of improving the 'breeds of birds kept, and the advice he tendered them con cerning the rearing of poultry for the ex port trade had a magical effect.- A new interest ivas created immediately, and each fear sees greater rivalry manifested in the different classes. The entries, too, have grown apace, and this year (establishes a record- The judges (Wfessrs. J.V€.. Coupe add G. M. Duncan) had a moBt difficult ani fatiguing task set them in going the round of the hundreds of coups to award the prizes, and it was not until late in the afternoon that they had finished' their Work, -.v , -: ? : ^^-rf'1.. Both as regajde-mmtBers and quality -the Ahovrof 'poultry -was without parallel in the State. Indeed it was one of the finest exhi bitions ' that- has - ever been given in Aus tralia. Although the last show held in con nection with the Poultry and Kennel Club was deemed by experts to be the best ever seen here, because of the large number of prize-winners obtained from other States at this show there were even more birds of first-class duality, which are 'well-known winners. The 'Dorkings again were a mag nificent class, the birds penned by the Boys' Reformatory and Mr. J. J. Gabb be ing good enough to be exhibited at any show in Australia. Though still held in the b'ght of fancy— and they always will be, as a matter of fact— the Cochin and Brahma breeds made a very fair display. Though numerically weak, that did not in any way detract from their intrinsic value, Mr. Mil ford in the former and Mr. Hall in the latter staging birds of exceptional merit. Considering its great value as a utility fowl, the Lanffshan deserves more attention at the hands of breeders, and those deeply concerned in the progress of the industry recalled on Thursday those years when this fine breed was the feature or the show, and no better type of birds than those exhi bited by Mr.^J. Musgrave could be de sired. The favorite poultry of Ame rica, the Plymouth Rock, displayed a most satisfactory improvement in quality, though it is to be regretted that the class was so small. The Orpington is another of the great utility breeds, and one which Mr. Laurie has consistently advised fanoiers ana farmers generally to encourage on account of its excellent all-round qualities, especially as- a winter layer, and an eminently suitable bird for export. No fewer than 72 Orpingtons were cooped in the various classes, including numerous noted winners in other Spates. The most prominent exhibit in the Whole section was a buff cock, sent in by 'Messrs. Shearing '& Son. This is a well- known Victorian winner, which was bred by Mr. George Jamieson, who refused three offers of £12 12/ for it at the Essendon show in June. The cock is a splendid tyjje of its class, being perfect in color, and with grand size allied to a beautiful quality. Absolutely the chief feature of tjje show were the Wyandottes, and in this division were In cluded many famous inter-State winners, and direct importations from England. Un questionably the Wyandotte is the leading utility fowl of the day, being bred most ex tensively in the United States, Canada, England, and Australia, while of all breeds it is indisputably the one which acclimatises best. It certainly adapts itself more than any other to the climatic conditions of the Antipodes. * The game classes were weil filled with representatives of all the leading varieties. In the modem Game some ex ceptionally fine upstanding birds were shown, notably Messrs. Ninham and Ncs bit's red cocks. The Indian Game birds exhibited by the Boys' Reformatory were again to the fore, and won their awards on pure merit. The Malay, which thrives bet ter in this State than in any of the others; was represented by numerous excellent specimens, and a great improvement as regards hard feather was perceptible. The egg-laying section, which embraces Minorcas, Leghorns, An dalusians. and Campinea, came in for con siderable criticism on account of the beau tiful quality of the exhibits. Messrs. Pearce & Leslie, Bennett, Hassell, Cope, J. Smith, and J. Hobbs, and the Sargeufri Poultry Yards staging several of the finest birds in their respective classes, that have ever been shown here. The Bantam class had decreased in numbers, but the quality of the birds was even better than in former years. The turkey and goose division never seem to make any headway. JThe hiu toiy oi pasi tniows mcucaies mucu uucia tion in numbers and quality, and breeders Seem very soon to tire of exhibiting. Mr. T. A. Caterer exhibited a large coop con taining a number of first-class gold Wyan dottes, in order to give visitors to the show a correct idea oT the appearance of a flock of these birds. Educationally, the exhibit was of great value. The dressed poultry were exceedingly ag pctising, and the task of Messrs. J. Is. Hines and George Flecker {recognised ex perts in this division) m deciding on the awards, must have been extremSy plea sant. ; FRUIT. Seldom has finer fruit been seen at the September show. That it has been an ideal season for the citrous tribe wa6 indicated by the large display of healthy oranges and lemons, which lacked little either in point of size or quality. Several growers ex pressed the opinion that this year's orange crop will come, somewhere near a record, and, judging from the samples at the show it will not be surprising if such proves to be the case. Despite the lateness of the season, there was keen competition in the apple classes, and the fruit sent was not un worthy of the increasing reputation of South Australian orchards. The variety of the fruit was necessarily limited. There were a few plates of indifferent-looking pears, several dishes of excellent loquats, and a solitary exhibit of diminutive toma toes. Mr. W. H. Ind and Mr. Jonah Hobbs were very successful with oranges and citrons, and Messrs. T. B. Robson' and Sons secured the first prize with lemonB. Messrs. C. F. Newman & Sons sent the beet apples. Of- course, it goes without saying that the fruit was a long way In advance of that shown last year, and it is gratifying to see that the orchardists and market gar deners have every prospect* of a prosperous season. ? - VEGETABLES. The vegetables, as much as the fruit, sug gested that there are good times in store tor the producer, who can find a ready mar ket. Exhibits' were plentiful and sound. The carrots, white turnips, cauliflowers, po tatoes, and asparagus were all of the. very best. Three van loads of various vege tables competed for the three prizes of fered for a collection. These were displayed to great advantage in the Bouth-western corner of the western annexe. It was no easy task' for the judges to decide which was best, for each lot contained many equally -good and- well-grown specimens. Messrs. Chitting Bros, 'were placed first, Mr. T. Grivell was second, and Messrs. Button Bros, came third. Messrs. Cutting Bros, also scored with short carrots, red 3eet, parsnips, yellow turnips, and oniona. They, well deserved first plat* in each in Si ? ' ? stance.. Competition for the white tur nip prizes was uncommonly eager, about twenty bunches being tabled, and Mr. D, Ridley obtained the premier place. Huge flat-head cabbages, grown at the Boys' Re formatory, Mapll, secured both the prizes offered for that vegetable, and Mrs. Jamfcs Wear was successful with Jieart-shapec cabbages. The red cabbage class was well filled, the first prize going to Mr. W. Packer, who also received the furet awar- for cauliflowers, of which there were several well-grown, clean samples. Potatoes had a long table to themselves, and each variety catalogued was well represented. Mr. .Walker predominated with round reds.. Mr. Ind headed the kidney list, atid Mr. W. Packer's Bismarcks 'were judged to be the best in. the 'any other variety' class. The asparagus was irreproachable. The heads sent by Messrs. Tolley and Scott were particularly fat and succulent-looking. Colonel Rowell's seakale, too, was obvious ly the product of careful gardening. Al together the vegetables were most credit able to the exhibitors. FLOWERS. It- is a pleasure to note the rivalry that continues to take place for the floricultural prizes, for the existence of this healthy, competitive spirit provides what is for many visitors the most attractive feature of the show. That this is the case might be gathered from the steady influx of pa trons, mostly ladies, as soon as the exhibi tion building was open, and from the crowded state of the aisles between the flower tables throughout the afternoon. Admiration of the flowers was conetant, and it was well-deserved. There was, in deed, a choice and carefully-selected Bhow in the floriculture classes. First to catch the eye were the bouquets, baskets, and floral designs at the south end of the build ing. Nearly all of them were- fashioned with a dainty deftness and artistic sense that were charming. Messrs. Newman and Sons' fame in this delicate branch of the florists' art was again justified, and the judges awarded them the majority of first prizes. Their floral design in orchids, ca mellias, lilies of the valley, and maiden hair was much admired for its purity and. fragrance. Daffodils and orchids were largely used in several of the bouquets and baskets sent by this firm, and in every instance they were employed with a taste and feeling for harmony that compelled re cognition. Pelargoniums took up a lot of room on the tables. The cut blooms were more pleasing and various than those in pots, which sometimes showed a ten dency to fade. Mr. W. H. Ind sent the best single and double zonales in pots, am Messrs. Ind, W. J. Smith, J. Lipman, and J. W. Porter took firsts for cut geraniums. Mr. Ind's display was especially good. Messrs. Newman & Sons sent a few pots of exquisite orchids, as well as some rich bulbous plants and immaculate azaleas, and they secured firsts practically in every class. for which they entered. Messre. Tolley and Scott's cinerarias deserved the first; prize they received, and the potted petunias sent by Messrs. L. Lipman, W, Harris, and W. H. Shaw, were quite up to the average. Messrs. W. Harris and Thomas & Co. shared with Messrs. New man & Son the first prizes for primulas in the pot, of which there was a considerable show. The cut camellias sent by Messrs. H. A. Smith and Newman & Son bespoke careful nursing, and the same might be said of Messrs. J. Lipman and Tolley & Scott's cineraria blooms. Cut azaleas were few, and Messrs. Neivman & Son had no difficulty in appropriating the three firsts. Mr. C. A. Halliday monopolised the firsts for erica, of which he showed some pretty varieties, and Messrs. G. Ayers, J. J.,Gabb, and W. Thomas & Co. divided the primary awards for gladioli. Competition for the anemone prizes was keen, and the flowers were dis tinguished by great variety of form and color. Messrs. J. Gries and W. Thomae and Co. met with most success. Mr. Grie& had things more his own way iu the ranun culi classes, where he made a sweep of the firsts. Some' of his blooms were con spicuous for pretty markings. Mr. W. Har ris took the two prizes 'or ixias, and Messrs. Newman and Sons annexed the first for cut hyacinths. Messrs. F. Fairey and J. Begg6 sent some lovely carnations, and the rivalry between them resulted in a division of prizes. Messrs. Newman and Sons were again unchallenged in the cut orchid classes, and Mr. J. Lipman enjoyed the same privilege with his cut petunias. There was a deal of competition for the nansv prizes, but Mr.' J. W. Porter, was easily first. Annuals occupied considerable space, but were not remarkable, and the stocks were not of the freshest. Messrs. Newman & Sons had the best 6how pf bul bous and tuberous flowers, as weir as of hardy and outdoor flowers, and the same firm was first for collections of three, six, twelve, and twenty flowers. The first^ prizes for roses, which were fair for the tjme of the year, went to Mr. W. Harris and Messrs. W. Thomas & Co. HOMESTEAD BLOCKS. ' Holders of-4iomestead blocks were as usual given an opportunity of exhibiting their produce, a prominent position near the main entrance being allotted to them. Taken as a whole the display was a good one, but several individual bloekers appeared to have appreciated the society's efforts to encou rage them to a much greater extent than the others. Competition, however, was fairly keen in most classes, and the exhibits were well grown and carefully prepared. ' Mr. J. Stacey showed some exceptionally fine vegetables, and in this class he was very suc cessful. Mre. E. A. Colbey was another ex^ hibitor, who took numerous prizes, notably, for fruits. SPAPJtOW EGGS AND HEADS, The prb.es offered for sparrow eggs and heads resulted in 0,500 eggs and 1,344 heads being shown. The winner in the former class was A. Rawlings, with 2,605, and in the latter T. H. Tiiley, witb 575. 