LOCAL AND GENERAL OAKABELLA SCHOOL.—Tenders for this work close on Tuesday, 17th May, at noon. THE "BULLETIN"—" Barrier Truth " says that the * Bulletin " is 27 years old, and^began as a threepenny sheet. It was first published late in '79 or early in 1880, and at id a copy. The price became 3d with the third issue oi so. and remained at that rate unti Hopkins arrived in 1885, or thereabouts. COERCION IN SOUTH AFHICA.—A letter from a mining engineer in South Africa to the London " Spectator ":— "Coercion is a very real thing'here. In many caser it is a question of signing the petition (the bogus petition asking for Chinamen ins tead of Englishmen) or dismissal. I myseif have been requested four times this week* either to sign petitions in favour of Chinamen, or else go to meetings and nut up both hands, with the same object. Two days ago I was handed a libt with my name upbn it, asking me to • sign it in favor of Asiatic labor, or else to state why I did not sign. A well-known firm is paying ruen 30s a day to stand at street corners and obtain signatures. A number of men were practically ordered last week to go from the mine and interrupt a meeting of the anti-Chinese party, railway fares being paid." ' LAND SETTLEMENT IN THE GERALDTON DISTRICT.—-The Geraldton land agent (Mr A W Halligan) reports on the business transacted at his office in April as follows : Applications, under clause 55, 451 acres; under clause 57, 28 acres; under clause 71,5,450 acres; under clause 74, 480 acres; pastoral leases, 85,000 acres ; total 91;409 acres: The receipts ,£86 4s 4 etc., totalled £$i Gs 2d. At Mount Erin four lots, representing 1,543 acres, were sold, the payments made being £28 5s. The total revenue for the' month was ,£128 9s 6d. 'I ain pleased to be able to report that a steady forward movement is noticeable among the settlers. This to be accounted for tQ a great extent by the lespoxis^ taught by the Chapman Experimental Farm. It has been clearly proved/that the so : called third-class lands which aboond in the district will, with cultivation and a little manure, produce excellent wheat, oats, etc. That this lesson has been learned by the farmers is proved by' the demand for artificial manure* which has inta-eased about 500 per cent doting the last twelve montlia. Good rain foil in the last week of this month, and. the farmers are mow busy getting readyfor the coming season."" Mr Maitland Brown.—The " Spectator" publishes the following.friendly references • —"Mainland Brown, explorer, squatter, prominent. politician im the Crown colony days, stipendiary magistrate at Geraldton for 18 years, and, finally, honourable gentleman and good sportsman all the time, is getting a big send- oif on his final passing ont of oifieial life. No man ever deserved it Although Brown's magisterial decisions have|sometimes been open to strong attack, and his idiosyncracies have too frequently provided criticism, his bitterest enemy has never accused him of not trying to hold the scale of justice-fairly and impartially, according to his lighted No magistrate is infallible, and possibly Brown hasbeen more fallible than most. But we don't believe that anyone ever knew him without respecting him.,or knew him well without liking him more than welt He had strong prejudices —possibly inseparable from his upbringing—-but although they may sometimes have warped his judgment, they never affected his determination to give the meanest thief fair olay. Maitland Brown's unofficial and official career in West Aus stralia has been one of which any man might be proud. He has deserved well of the State and of his fellow citizens, and this paper heaves at him the old shoe, that typifies good wishes and lots of them." For Children's Hacking Cough at Nighty Woods* Great Peppermint Cure. Is 6d. DEATH OF A 'GERLDTONIAN.—Henry Whittaker, who was brought in from Mount Sir Samuel on Sunday, April 24th, and 'admitted to the Lawlers Hospital, died on Thursday, the 28th April, the cause. of death being an abscess in one of the main arteries. Deceased had -been in the East Murchison District for nearly eight years and was well and favourablv known, not only m this locality, but over on the Murchison side, of which field he was one of the pioneers. Some five months ago. being in indifferent health, he took a trip to the Coast,and after a two months' spell there, returned to Sir Samuel, apparently ranch benefited by the change. About a month ago, however, he complained of feeling unwell again, and from then until he was brought to the hospital his condition gradually grew worse, and on arrival here little hope of recovery was entertained. His parents have been residents of Geraldton for the past twenty years and are held in high esteem there. The remains were interred in the Anglican portion of the Lawlers Cemetry on Saturday last, Dr Frost, acting Medical Officer reading the service, the Rev R J Craggs being away at Wiluna. Deceased was only 26 years of age, "East Murchison News." Ms. N ANSON AND THE ESPERANCE RAILWAY—The Kalgoorlie 'Sun,' in its issue of Sunday last, renews its * barrack' for tbe Esperance line, and regards the prospects as favorable. It says "The present Minister for Works {the changeful Nanson), in Queen's Hall, Perth, less than three years ago, declared for the Esperance line. Hopkins must declare for it and Gregory should. Rason — if the alternative were the retirement of the Government,—most probably would. This would leave opposed' to the proposition only the head of the Government, and we refuse to class Mr James's firmness with the special peculiarity of the mule." In as much as the Esperance' Railway would place the South Australian farmer in a position to take away the. whole of the eastern goldfields' trade from W.A agriculturists, it would be well if some Greenough elector embraced the first opportunity of catechising < Mr Nanson as to his present opinions in reference to the line. " Labor Members—" What had -Labor men done in the Honse during the last three lyeare ? Taking the matter of attendance he produced figures to show that during that period the seven members in the Labor Party had been present during 94 per cent of the sitting time, she Ministerialists 60 per cent, and the Oppositionists 79 per; cent. The Labor members did not merely drop into andthenstroli but to the refreshment room or the street. They sat throughout the whole time fuoid most of the work had been done by them." JB tlolman M,L A. Will Experiment No MORE.—" One of our boys is rather delicate and subject to contracting- croup and colds very easily," says John Congdon, Havelock, N.Z. " We have experimented with many kinds of cough mixtures, but have had such splendid results from using Chamberlain's Cough Remedy that we now use it exclusively. We have never had a case that it did not care promptly and effectively undoubtedly it is the best cough remedy in the market." There is no better medicine made for babies than Chamberlain's Cough Bemedy. It sot only cures cronp, but when given as soon as the Croupy cough, appears, Will prevent the attack. For sale by H. G. Gray & Co. POBVES AND BEID—"'We all of us do foolish things," said Mr J L Parves, K.C, during a recent, sitting of the Alleged Bribery Commission in Melbourne (says the*Argus), and added, "I have even done one or two myself." " Tell us one or two of them;*' interposed Mr G H Beid, K G, amid laughter. " Well." replied Mr Pucves,none of them was as bad as that Yes-no affair—not being able to make up one's mind on matters of public importance which might affect the destinies of a nation." Mb P STONE AX NABAWAH—Mr Stone addressed a good gathering in the Nabawah School House on Monday evening last, Mr Joseph cooper in the chair. The candidate met with a most cordial reception. At the close ol his address, a -vote of thanks proposed by Mr James Lauder and seconded by Mr S H Jupp, was carried unanimously. / HOMESTEAD AREAS.—Mr T P Sweeny's Homestead Farm, No 26, on the Alma Agricultural' Area, at Northampton, has been cancelled, and was again open for selection on the 4th of this month. THE GEEALDTOJ* CADET PICNIC AND SPORTS.—These sports will be held on Saturday next, May 14th, at "Double Gee Flat," Chapman River. Sports will commence at 12 o'clock sharp. Friends and supporters of the cadets are cordially invited to be present. Picnic parties can obtain hot water. The cadets will be grateful for gifts of refreshments of any kind, which may be sent to the Government School any time before Friday evening. TOWNSITE AT YANDENOOKA. — The Government have proclaimed a reserve for the purpose of a townsite at Yandenooka on the Midland line. THE Bushfires ' ACT.—The Executive Council has declared it unlawful to set fire to the bush within the Magisterial District of Northampton from the 1st November to the 1st March inclusive in each year. LEGISLATIVE COUNCIL ELECTIONS.— The following gentlemen have been returned unopposed : Mr George Randell, Metropolitan Province ; Mr Walter Kingsmill, Metropolitan Suburban ; and Mr S J Haynes, Southeast Mr Fergie Reid was to have contested the Metropolitan Province against Mr Randell, but the authority for his nomination reached the Returning Officer a quarter of an hour too late. POLITICAL MEETING—Mr H Carson, who is standing for the Geraldton seat in the Assembly, addressed a large meeting of electors at Mutiewa Junction on Tuesday evening. Mr Walter . Howard presided. The speaker gave a very explicit address, and evidently from the responsive audience his views coincided with those of his listeners. Mr McMeekin proposed a vote of confidence in Mr Carson, which was seconded by Mr George Gould. The mover made a strong protest apainst the report appearing in the EXPRESS that he had proposed a vote ol confidence in the Labor nominee, the vote put and carried being purely a vote of thanks to Mr Brown for so thoughtfully appearing before the electors «f that centre. The vote of confidence in Mr Carson was then put and earned. A vote of thanks to the chairman concluding the meeting. 