Northampton Notes. BY PHOENIX. As I pen these lines the Yuletidefestive season is drawing to a close. The fun commenced on Xmas eve with the annual Fancy Fair and Xmas tree held in the Mechauics Institute for the benefit of the Wesleyan Mission, The hall was pretty wed crowded up to close on midaight, the takings amounting to £24, a satisfactory result judging from the smiling faces of the ladies wh«> organised the event and, presided at the function. On Xmas Day MrG Hart and family, had an unpleasant visit from an unwelcome stranger in the form of" a large black snake ovw five feet in length. The aroma arising from the roasting joint of Mitchell and Co's Xmas fat btef and other edibles, must have had a great attraction for his suakeship to venture into the kitchen where he was fortunately discovered; and promptly dispatched. Boxing Day oassed off quietly, the only improvised sports being some horse racing in the field adjoining the Miners Arms Hotel, and a ball at each of the hotels in the evening. Although the weather yesterday was hot enough for any reasonable human salamander, it was considerably augmented by a senous bushfire which was raging in the vicinity of Mr E J Sims' farm contiguous to the town. Timely assistance of a good contingent of fire-beaters arrived at the farm, and after strenuous efforts they managed to save the homestead, which would in all probability have been destroyed had there been no timely assistance of willing hands to avert the threatened calamity. Later on in the evening the fire broke out again^ but p.c. Pollett and his contingent, after somQ hot and laborious work finally put it down. The following is a lecorded memo of the shade heat, showing the state of the weather during the past week:— Monday, 21st, 98deg; 22nd, 103deg„ at 12.30 p.m. ; 23rd, lOSdeg, at 12.30 p.m. ; 24th, 107deg, at 1 p.m. ; ^5th, 18deg, at 11\30 am.: 26th, 90deg|; 27th, 88deg ; 28th, 104deg, at 1.30 p.m. To-day (Tuesday) a few light showers of rain fell, accompanied with lightning and thunder. 