BUSHFIRES. -4-~ EASTERN DISTRICTS SWEPT. SIXTEEN FARMS OVER-RUN. SERIOUS LOSSES OF - CROPS, GRASS, AND STOCK. York, December 20. Disastrous bush fires have been raging in 4his district since this morning. One fire started at Gilgering, and another broke out at Mr. Sermon's farm. and spread with great rapidity through the properties of Messrs. Hamersley, Tay lor, Foulkes, J. R. Mackie, Enright, Daliak, Burgess, Williams, Corrigan, and Durlacher. Many of these owners have, it is feared, lost crops, stock and fencing. Some of them had their crops covered by insurance, but others were uninsured. At a late hour this even ing fires were raging on farms belonging to Messrs. Corrigan, Hamerslev and Dur lacher, and numbers of persons were leaving York to assist in fighting the flames. During the afternoon rain threatened, but there was only a very light fall. A strong wind was blowing all day, and it continued throughout the evening. Beverley, December 20. Extensive bush fires are raging out side Beverley, and crops are being ra pidly destroyed. The sufferers are, so fare, Messrs. Bartram, Linnard, Adam son and Butcher. The homestead of the latter was completely destroyed, and some of the occupants were badly burn ed whils escaping. Numbers of stock have been destroyed. It is supposed that the fires were started by sparks from a railway engine. / Northam, December 20. To-day was one of the most unplea sant days experienced here this season. A high hot wind accompanied by clouds of dust, swept the town all day, and it was not until late in the afternoon that a change set in, making things a little more bearable. - During the morning a bush fire broke out at Burlong, and swept through Mr. Loton's Spring hill property and Mr. Thros sell's Oakover Estate. At both places the homesteads were in dan ger, but willing bands of workers saved them. Mr. Loton lost over 100 acres of uninsured crop. Mr. Throssell's loss consisted of 100 acres of insured crop, and a large tract of grass and fencing. The exact extent of the damage cannot be ascertained until to-morrow. 