GENERAL NEWS. Bank Changes.—Mr. T. B. Harrington, who some rears ago was accountant at the Mount Barker branch of the' National Bank and is now manager of that at Gladstone, has been appointed to .'succeed Mr. W. Egerton, Warburton as 'manager of the Mount' Barker' branch, and Will take up his new position at the 6nd of this month; ' Spiked in the Groin.—While handling a colt in a stable on Tuesday night Mr. H. P. Smith, of Strathalbyn, met with a painful accident, the horse jamming him against a staple. The injuries sustained in the groin were of a serious character, but under Dr. Shone's care the patient is progressing satisfactorily. The Sweetapple Case.—At the Adelaide Civil Court on, Monday. the Chief Justice, in delivering judgement in the Sweetapple case, dismissed the petition by Mrs. Sweetapple for a judicial separation from her husband, but allowed the petitioner the costs of and incidental to the hearing of the case. It is estimated that Dr. H. A. Sweetapple, the respondent, will be called upon to pay in law costs something like £1000. Onkaparinga Produce Company.— Th in -the OnJOtparinga Ctf-pperative Cbegs'e, Bufctbr; and" Produce -Factory . Company, Idmitcd,,will be held in.the Woodside Institute on -the;afteroopn oFMonday, neat,. 25th inst. The bdsihess.'consists of jeceivipg tlie director's repoi£ andl balance-shfeet^aTnd the -electioh'of three directors im.nl ace of Messrs. It. ffikldwipUjuW'pfeF. Hughes', uihif G-.- Ppjih, who ret^ jhg^jvjte icli^We. fbr^-re-electioh and offer themselves acaoiiiliiily.- - — The Winter Railway Service.—The Commissioner of ,, IJa Hwa^si^Mrj A,jG. Pendleton) has^ decided that Iduribg the winter months the Saturday Evening train on the South_ Bbe^win^b|ity ju^ us far as Strathalfayn, "in s»Ssequence of which the Monday -early morning train from Victor Harbof 'lfrUl beijdjs^tinued;''? Tfig jCommissioner3Aji hiso'atfended tq disnegj^with the daily service Ufa "ibfe seaside "resort, and substitute. a- tri-wR^lgy Jpoe, • fnitralthough traffic is %aid to be^jH^the^asifoculd that the saving whiter TOMM? riStttir^wbhld "be j hantly sufficient: tdjt£stttyflm irieonvBftience which..wpuljljbe caased^.-the {t^sikjg jjnblic ind. r&idents; lH-4be Bouth .by the alteration bf-ltfce* se'rrfefc " "Hesiltents at Victor Harbor and. other statiPW"conce'rned will be pleased with the deetilbfi'i>f''mr. Pendleton to maintain the daily service on the.'.Sodth liae, and we, having contended for this, trust that the service" will be rim at a profit. Freemasonry. — At the annual communication ot the Grand Lodge of Ancient Free and Accepted Masons, held in Adelaide on 'Wednesday night, the following elections, amongst others,took place ;—Wpl. .-Grand Standard-Bearer—Bro. H. A. Schumann,' Sir Samuel Way Lodge, No. 48 (Stirling); Grand Stewards—Country, Bros. A-. Hi Peake, Prince of .Wales,. No: 14 (Mount Barker), John Livingston,-Mount Gambior.No. 28, -and P. H. Wells, MurrayBridge, No. :44:* < A Runaway.—Mr. Pallant, who conveys the mail from Wellington to Strathalbyn, bad an unpleasant "exbei^ncg On Tuesday 'eVfehlnd. DA Arrival at Sttathalbyn Be went into th'e:: roil way-station, and when he returneil the mail cart', with a quantity (if cream which was to have been left at the station, was missing. It transpired that the horse had bolted", and on reaching Belvidere (sis miles) the runaway was capLured by Mr. K.:~ Forrest, who bad followed on a bicycle. Fortunately no damage was done to the turnout, and not a drop of' cream was spilled. Closer Settlement.—Last week (says a Mount Gambier correspondent) a block of 478 acres of the Moorak Estate, now in the hands "of Elder, Smith, & Co. for sale, was offered to the Government at £30 an acre for allotment in homestead blocks. The Government, after perusing the reports of its valuators, offered £35. This, of course, was not likely to be entertained, but Mr. T. L. Browne, attorney for .the owner, reduced the offer.to £28 per acre Still, to the regret of the whole community, the Government hesitate to accept it. It is regarded here as a deplorable thing that the Government should let such, a chance slip. ACCIDENT AT MOUNT BARKER.—A boy named George Lemar met with a painful .ccident, at. Mount Barker last Saturday afternoon. He was about to deliver-some .chaff for Mr. C. -Pope, when, slipping off the top of the, load, be fell first on to the horse's back and was then knocked to the ground, by a falling bag of chaff. The wheel of the. spring, dray, which.contained half a ton of chaff, passed over the lad's knee and elbow, which were badly bruised. Lcmar is a cousin*of Herbert Pope, the son of Mr. C. Pope who three days previously in an accident at the chaff mill sustained in- juries which necessitated his removal to the Adelaide Hospital, where he is progressing favorably. The Smile of the Grazier.—A police officer residing not more than 100.miles from the city, who",is famed for. his strict J attention to duty, a few days ago issued ; instructions to a grazier to .have removed j from his property what, from the odonr j arising, was supposed to be the' carcass of a; bullock The grazier, not. having missed j anv of his herd, was inclined to discredit the officer's statement, but, to show courtesy to the man of the law, ■ proceeded to the spot, where hfe discovered the cause of the.trouble to be not a dead.bullock but a considerable quantity of vegetable matter which had collected "around the huge roofs of an old gum tree and decomposed. The grazier smiled. Fatal Burning accident.—On the evening of the 13th inst. a burning accident, which subsequently had fatal results, occurred at Currency Creek. The little daughter of Mrs. J. Glastonbury lit a lamp, and while endeavoring to put it on the table capsized it, with the result that the tablecloth was ignited. A younger child was playing under the table, and Mr. Manuel Glastonbury, in endeavoring to rescue this little one, was badly burned on his head and shoulders. The sufferer was driven to Goolwa to Dr. Norman, who ordered his removal to the Adelaide Hospital, where he was admitted on Thursday evening. The doctors held out no hope, and the unfortunate man, who was 64 years of age, succumbed on Saturday morning. The Le Mang-Boehme Squabble—At the Adelaide Police Court on Wednesday R. A. Boehme and W. A. Bowden. of Grunthal, were charged with having assaulted Hermann Le Mang, medical practitioner, at Grunthal on March-14, the case being really a counter-charge arising out of the case hear! at the Mount Barker Court last month and which broke down ou coming before tbe Supreme Court in Adelaide. Mr. J. R. Anderson appeared, for Boehme, Mr. B. lngleby for Bowdcn, and Mr. R, P. A. von Bertoueh for the informant. Mr. Gordon, S.M., ruled "that the case should be heard at a court which was dearer to the scene of the alleged offence, where the witnesses. resided and where, according to Mr. von Bertodch's own statement, at least one of the defendants lived. Bowdenj who had - driven from - Grunthal, was allowed 17s. 2d. compensation anl Boehme 5s. The Wattle Bark Industry.—Those landowners who havj devoted attention to wattle growing need no telling that there is good money in cultivating bark suitable for tanning purposes, and as showing the dimensions to which this industry has grown in the Hills, districts we may quote a few particulars obtained from Messrs. T. Paltridge & Sons, of Mount Barker, who now have one of the' most iip-td-date and best mills in South Australia. The wattle bark industry is by no means a new que, and 50 years ago the Messrs. Paltridge used to do their bark-grinding with a one-horse mill. During the past 20 years or so steam .power has been utilized, and the present mill has a capacity of 20 tons per day, while during the regular grinding "season the average outpot is 14 tons per "day. Last year,1 when the price paid for the bark ranged" fii>m £8 to £8 10s. per ton, the firm "'treated 1600 ton9 of bark, but owing to the smalt stripping'this year the quantity received has been about 1200' ton3 and the price paid approximately £7. Owing to the extensive bushfires which have occurred in- the Hills during recent years large tracts 'of wattle country have been swept, thus reducing the supply for several years, but some idea of' the importance and stability of tbe .industry can be gained when it is stated that during the past ten years Messrs. Paltridge & Sons, who are by no means the only buyers in this part, have treated on the average over 1000 tons per year, the price paid ranging from £6 Ills, to £9. . The highest price- ever paid locally by the firm was £11-12s. and the . lowest £'5 10s. At present New Zealand and the eastern states, particularly New South Wales, are the largest customers of Messrs. Paltridge & Sons, whose surplus bark also finds ready sale in Great Britain, as well as France, Germany, and other Continental countries. The firm have a storage capacity of 1000 tons.. Judging by the present market value and the keen competition amongst buyers, it will, pay landholders to cultivate wattles, the value of which for tanning purposes cannot be over-estimated. At present there i| a great shortage of hides, not .only in "Australia but elsewhere, and when cattle becqme more .plentiful. , the ilemaud foT wattle,barfc >wii| also.Increase. . The Imperial Budget.—The Chancellor of the Exchequer ( Mr. Austen- Chamberlain), in delivering his first Budget Speech in tile House of Commons this week, said that his predecessor in office -(Mr. Ritchie) had estimated that the total .income for the 12 months would be £154,770,008, but the actual receipts had fallen short of that sum by £2,724,000. The repeal of the corn duties, which last year'yielded £2,845,793, had proved more costly than Was anticipated, while the prices paid for corn and flour since the taxes were repeated showed that j consumers had not derived the advantages! which they cApCCted as the result of tbe remissions. Mr. Ritchie -"had forecasleda probable surplus of ^£10,816,009; but lis'a" matter of fact'the year, had closed With "a deficit ot; £5(415,000,: which had necessitated drafts upon exchequer balances for nearly £3,000,U00. He had also applied about £1,000,000.. . unclaimed t dividends toward making up the -shortage. Even when that had been done there was £1,50,0000 to be finally met oat of the surplus for the current ..or succeeding years. The national debt account now stood at £764,300,000., having been .reduced daring ..the, year, " ty, £5,149,000. r. The local indebtednfiftr.ot.: lhe,,:fTnited>- King* dom in. .19^2 amounted to ,£412,000,000. He esljwteit jtjm reyenjie,%T: thp -parent-, yeaf ""from.exiafitig. sofirecs'woujld, amountto"'£139,060,000, "and the^e'xMndUure,had. been set down - at. £J42,$jjO/i^J,,Against £1(3,95^000" mentioned in the last.^pwget Speech. , A^amiiig. .bis calculations.' were cortcbt, . there , wbbid dig a deficit, of £3^20,000? ~ ItTorder to. tnake up "thai shortage it Would be necessary! to impose further' taxation. After'very capful consideration tfe "fiaiT-'cbme to tSe. .conclusion. thate fteWdlHid'bA accessary^ to fhere^e .the, income'til'x by £1.,'" inakrog it "Vs." til. "in" the pound, to raise the duty on tea by 2-1, which would" bring it upjto, and-a new impost of lis.' beT^evfed" bo- fohacddr-stripp£u: (JaRWe- ithportation and-.-an additional 7XW"t"tb,opeigaps, making the contributiond^- jifertb? Cigarettes-would also be taxed to rite extent of qa-extrads. per lb,,wbl<:h wonldbrlng the [ jd'utv op to 4s. 10il. per lb. He expected to derive from the additional income tax £2.000,000, the extra 2 would probably yield a similar snm, and the new tobacco import would give an estimated return of £550,000, which would' leave a surplus of £730,000 towards recouping the exchequer balance, f n connection with the tobacco duties he proposed to rai-e the moisture limit of the product to 32 per cent., and to impose several rates of drawback instead of one. He hoped br these means to considerably increase the export trade-.of manufactured tolncco and cigars, especially with the colonies, which at present were largely supplied from Hamburg and HOLLANd. 