Viewing the Wheat Harvest. Ministerial and Parliamentary Visit. Darling Downs Looking Increased Yield of Wheat Expected. What may bo regarded aa-tho annual Mini- aterial and parliamentary viait to the Darling Downs for the purpoeo bf viewing tho Bea. son's hnrveatiug operations, took place on Saturday. The party, whioh numborod / about 60, loft tho Central etation by Bpccial ' train at 11 o'eioek on Friday night, and reached Warwick shortly after 6 o'clock on Saturday morning, after a very fast trip. Those present on board tho train inoluded tho Hon. Arthur Morgan (Premier), Hon. D. F. Dunham (Minister for Agriculture), Hon. Poter Airoy (Home Secretary), Hon. B. Fahov. M.L.O., Hon. A. xiincnciuu, M.L.O., ""Messrs. Cowap. G. Kerr, F. Konnu, P. F. Haurnn, T. W. Bouchard, 0. F. Niekon, F. Grayson, D. Mackintosh, J. H. Hargreaven, G. ' Jackson, H. Turner, J. O'Brien, E. M. Land, R. Horbertson, M. O'Kecffc, W. S. Murphy, T. A. Scott, G. Ryland, T. A. Span- cer, W. T. Paget, K. M. Grant, MM.L.A., the Mayor of South Brisbane (Aid. Jones), Messrs. A. M. Hertzborg. (ohairman Brisbane Chamber of Commerce), John Reid (president Chambor of Manufac- tureal. J. Maodonald (ohairman of National Association). E. J. T. Barton, C. H. Buzacott, A. O. Raff (district engineer, railways), V. O. Redwood (Toowoombs). John Curne, M. Reid, James Adam, H. Denham, L. Denny Day, Poter M'Lcuu, aud J. L. Woolcock. Mr.-E. G. E. Scriveu 'Undor Seoretaryfer Agriculture) piloted tho party. Mr. E. Morgau (brotuer of tho Premier) joined tho train at Brisbane, bnt did not proceed further thau Warwiok. Mr. W. D. Lamb, ono of the leading settlers on tho Downs, joined the train at Yangan, nnd accompanied the party to Ejllarney. On arrival at Warwiok. the acting Mayor (Aid. John Healy) welcomed the. Ministers and parliamentarians on bobalf of the citizens, and was afterwards invited by the Premier to accompany tho party to Killarney. After refreshments had been purtaken of, the special tram was ' switched on to tho branch lino and lefc.at-6.25 o.m.. for Kiliurney, which wus reached in a little over au hour. Tho guests of the Gov ernment breakfasted at Canning's Royal Hotel, and nfter Homo two und a-half hoars' inspection of the .dtsU-iot left again on the homeward trip abont 1 0.45 a.m. A stay of about half an-hour was made at the Hermi tage, to enable tho visitors to inspeot the grain, grass, aud fruit- growing opera tions on tho experimental Stato farm. Warwick wus rcuohed at 12.60 p.m. Alter luncheon and a casual inspection of the grain and wool sheds, tho Premier bado . the party goodbye, and a atart was made for Allora on tho branch lino from Hendon. Tho magnificent district which sent bo many soldiers to tho war _ in South Africa was reached in good time, and most of the pariy accepted an invitation for half an hour's nrivo around tho out skirts of the township. On tho return journey a call was made at the local hotel, whet" tho Mayor of Allora (Aid. Isauo lloltnoa) proposed the health of the Minister for Agriculture. The Mayor pointedly reminded the Minister that in view of the Bplendid grain eeosou ap proaching, it was u matter of urgent nocssBity to erect it grain shed at Allora. Mr. Denham, la roply, said the ques tion of u gram shed rosted en tirely with themselves. ' If the con ditions laid, down by the Government wore complied with— that was- to say, if a local company of men or the Agricultural Auisuoia- tiou signed tho requisite leaso— the grain shed immediately would bo erected by the Govern ment. The body of men ho roferred to," or liv nreferonco an association of recognised farmers in tho neighbourhood, would simply have to accept the leaso from the Railway Commissioner, and toke over the obligations of the 4 per nont on the first cost of the building. They could then have eutire control of the shed, and make all arrangemeuts for tho reoeptiou of the grain. Ho hoped tliia would be done, as tlm farmers would profit by having their grain etorou tboro, bcoaueo they could immediately noon receiving a certificate from the grain shed committee negotiate such document by way of a loan with the banks, and so be enabled to tide over any difficulties that iuight. arise with thein and carry on. He wished it par ticularly to be understood that the graiu abode in the country wore being ereoted entirely in tho interest of the farm ing community. If the fnriuers kopt tho grain on tho Downs, it was far safer from weovils than if it were taken to Brisbane. Ho waB glad to sse that they hod obtained their gnaranteo railway lino up to Allora, and ho considered it would he tho fault of tho local authorities concerned if it shortly was not carried on to Gaombarrn. (Applause.) Mr. Grayson, M.L.A., said he had seen the Minister for Railways and tho Railway Commissioner on tho subject of the grain shed, and had received an assurance from them that tho erection of a building to hold 15,000 bage of grain would he gone on with immediately. The Mayor added that there would be no doubt about the necessary guarantee of 4 per ceur. as tbo Farmers' Progress Association of tho district had taken the mat tor in hand, The. gathering then broke up, and the entire party again joined tho spocial train for Toowoomba, whioh was reached about 5.30 p.m. Dinner was provided in the rail- way refreshment-room, and the speei&l; train left TOOwoomba at 6.10 p.m. for Brisbane, which was reached about 10.30 p.m. On tho run home from Toowoomba, coming down tho range an extensive bushfire was seen to bo raging in tho hills below the Blue Mountain, The sinoko from the fire enve loped the ' surrounding country for miles around, right up to tho curves of the railway track. ' DETAILS OF THE TRIP. Regarded as a holiday trip the outing waB eucoessfnl in every respect. Economy of time was achieved by night travelling, de lightful weather prevailed throughout tbo jonrney, and the magnificent panorama of the garden of Queensland nt its hast proved a treat of the most interesting aud enjoyable churaotor. An area of the most magnificent ugriouituru country in tho world covering inillioiiB of aoros was unfolded to tho visitors ut a time wlion it bod just begun ooraplotoly to shake off the frightful effects of a prolonged drought. North, south, oust, and west the _ picture was that of a land " overflowing with milk and honey." From range to range stretched thousands of broad paddocks of ripened aud ripening wliear, panoratnicaliy punctuated with' mugnificont stretches of maizo, barloy, lucerne, and other indications of great agricultural progress. Harvesting operations wore seen to be in full swing from one end ol' tho Downs to tho other, and, generally speaking, thero was an air of grandeur and prosperity about the eutire scene, indeed it is no idle exaggera tion te say that tba Durliug Downs, in Us present dross, almost represents an agricultural fairyland of surpassing splendour — a vision in fact of potentialities apparently so prolific and prosperous ns to call forth, after return to .other oarib, some doubt regarding its reality. But tho glorious graiu orop is there, tho last corner which the drought pilod up with obstruction has been thrown wide by nature, and the normal con ditions required to givo tho best agricultural results have returned to mako the Darling Downs the agricultural purudiso of Aus tralia which its discoverer, Allan Cunning ham, just 77 years ago, predicted for it. AT KILLARNEY. For praotiual purposes the tour of inspec tion commenced at Killnrnoy, an inyiting and apparently rising township lying at tilo foot of tho trrcat hilis of tho dividing range. Tbo scenery around Kiilaruey hus so oftan boon described us aoarooiy to require re- . capitulation. Jioro. . .'Still. "the .visitor's . were . enamoured of it, and one and ull spent tho last momenta at thoir disposal in exploring rho inviting stretches of country ou .each sidoof tho Condumino River. Even Mr. Joliu Macdoimld nud a ooiuuanion uttninpted to reach the top of Mount Leslie, but eventually jrieldod up tho pleasure to a wise regard for tho time limit. The saw mills just now are rauoh in evi dence in tho township, nnd appar ently they are luxuriously fed by the magnificent timber country of tho adjacent border hills. Tho Premier und soveral of tho party made a spcoial visit to the mills, and Mr. Morgan expressed himself very pleased with the progress being made, especially with regard to the handling of tho beautiful pino woods which abound in tho hills. Incidentally it wus elicited .that tho Eight-mile piuo forest in the buck country wus oouiincuomg to show signs of thinning out, owing to tho enormous inroads tnndo upon its domain by the de mands of tho mil! contracts. Tho crops in tho district, though slightlv backward in patches, gonsrnlly are well ahead. Tho dairying industry also ' is pro gressing satisfactorily. . A good deal of lucerno growth is notico- able on tho run from KHlarney to Yangan, and the breeding of swine seems to be followed with much enthusiasm. The crops in the vicinity of Emu Vale looked to be in splendid condition, so far-us could bo judged from the train, but it waB ascer tained with regret that only a fotit days 1 previously,, during a disastrous thunderstorm ' in tho Vaftey, tho splendid whoat crop of Mr. Alfred Jonos was totally destroyed. A passenger on the train who .had visited the district stated that this storm travelled frpm Freestone to a portion of tho Yangan. and spent itself with terrifio foroo at Fallen's Flat on- Emu Vulo. In addition' to tho loss sustained by Mr. Jones, which will bo a very heavy ono, other settlers suffered damage to their urops from the hiulstonos, whioh out vegetation up very badly. ' Messrs. Brcuuan and Mitobell, two otber settlers in the Emu Vale, also lost some wheat, but fortunately the storm did not ex tend . over a wide area. According to the general report received lrom residents of tho district, tho weather on thiB part of tho Downs during the past month had been "very similar to that experienced in Brisbane during tho same poriod.-' THE STATE FARM. On arrival of tho speoial train at 'tho Hdrmitnge tho novel right was witnessed of Ministors and members of Parliament diving hero and there throngh tho wheat and barley in their shirt sleeves. The weather by this time proved uucnmfortably sultry in the open, nud a hot noonday sun compelled umbrellas to go up in ull dircotions. Dir. H. O. Quodlinjr, manngor of tho experimental State fat mat the Hermitage, received the party ana conducted them over the cultivated areas. Over 156 acres were found to bo under culti vation, wheat being jho principal grain crop. In accordance with the inBtrnotionH of the department, the wheat urea had been divided into half-aoro blocks devoted to tbo growing of stud varieties, the ni.jcct being to try tho effect of different kinds of manure treatment of the soil. Cer tainly aomu of the blocks showed magnifi cent results, the grain being very large. Samples of the varieties grown all around tho farm were handed to Mr. Den- iimn by 'Mr. Quodliug, and a sub sequent inspection of them caused very favourablo comment from the Ministers present,. It was acceded on ail sides that thn Department of Agricuirura was doing splendid work in its experiments at tho Hermitage with grain, grasses, nnd fruit, although the enthusiasm in thrflutterdircotiou nowhus been mostly t'-nusferied to IVestbrook. Some very fiuu nui-iey ulso wa» examined, and Mr. V. C. Redwood, who for a lime explained ' the advantages of 'the wimples submitted, statod that there was litt/o donor that the barley grown in tho Stato of Queensland could imt.be equalled in any part of tlio world. Ho anticipated thnt the torsi crop for : tho State this year would reach half a . million bushels, most ot which would probably go to the southern markets. A splendid paddock of bird seed, said to bo worth from £2S to £30 per ton. was next inspected right along side the railway line. Tho orop was being dealt with at ilm time hy a reaper and binder, and tho party watcltcd rite operation of garnering it with much interest. The Srato farm now owns about 100 acres at tho .Hermitage, on each sido of tho Killuruoy railway line. Of this area only 15(1 acres tire under cultivation, and there are 2t) acres nt land newly litid nut with tipple, pour, poach, fig, Japanese plum, apricot, and other fruit trees. Au inspection of the nrchurd proved that it htul been curefuilr looked after, but tears were hold out that the fruit fly will play havoo whoa tho fruit begins to ripen in another month or so. By tho time the train was reached the party required Iifctl» ' further evidence to- conviuce them . that tho rich and fertile soils of GlengitUuu, Cnmp'oeli's Piuitt,' Yangan, Lower Swan Creek, Emu Vale, tho Hermitage, and in fact, the entire country from Killnrnoy to Warwiok wore tlm beet to be found in the Dariing Downs. At Warwiok the grain sheas wore found to be fast filling up with grain nnd wool, and tho railway officials enid that wool rspcoitilly was keeping them very btisy. In this connection it is worthy of mention thnt the first load of wool ou tho Darling Dotvus was Bent front Warwiok, and after a'a.ost oxtrnordinuvy journey it finally was let down from Cunningham's Gap by means of ropes and pulloys. VISIT TO ALLORA. The ran from Wnrwiek to Allora on tho brunch lino of railway gave the visitors another hour's opportunity of viewing the extensive ramification.-! of settlement und indications of prosperity notio-ablo till along tilts portion of tho fnr-fatned Downs. Bnt in and around Allora it was the sume piotura of a magnificent harvest, und the settlers one nnd till spoke hopefully of the renr'a prospects. Tho drive taken by the visitors enabled them to- obtain a fair bird's-eyo viow of thou sands of acres of " waving wealth," Alloru itself is n pretty little town, und thero nro evidences all round it of solid und itdvittioing prosperity. So much indeed was indicated by tho settlers who met tho Minister for Agri culture. Mr Denbnm said (to was glad to hear from various sources that the wheut crop wus likely to show a very greatly improved yield, utul that tho dairying industry was going aiioad by leaps una hounds on the homesteads. He had" been informed, ho said, that although a very high average had boon obtained last year, when the prcsont harvest had been accounted for it would show an aver age , yield for tho Stato of an extra bushel or perhaps morn per acre. At any rate ho was porfeotly well tavarti that tho aver. ago would bo very high in the Darling Downs. In somo districts ho lind "neon told thu yield would bo considerably over 20 bushels to tho acre. Hn expected an avoragn of 14 Imshels from tho Manumit, and taking ono thing willt another thu department would not he fur out in its crude estimate of 3,000,000 bushels for tlio whole State. ON THE WAY HOME. Much of tho time on tho return journey, especially between Allora nud Toowoomba, was spent in quietly viowiug the magnificent uspeot of the crops as tho train sped over mile after mile of tho favoured land, and it was gonorully conceded before darkness set in that no more enjoyable, albeit profitable trip could have been initiated by the Go- vernmout. Tho Premier nnd Mr. Donltum were most assiduous in their attention to tho visitors, und to the Press representatives thn Ministors were extremely courteous and obliging, especially in assisting them to gather necessary and valuable infortun- tiou regarding the grain crop. My. Scriveu, tho Under ifearetary for Agrioultnre, also was quite u host in himself, and almost ex- oollod the Ministers in his enthusiasm for the welfare of tho visitors. Tho railway arrangements for tho trip were admirably ourriod out, und tho timo- tnblo arranged mostly was strictly adhered to. , The veteran Mr. Josre Hopson wus entrusted with the conduot bf aifairs generally for the oorofort of the party, und he curried out his duties with' much satisfac tion to all concerned. Ho was ubly assisted in this-roapsot by Mr. W. Moonoy. Thn driver of tho speoial train from BriB- baue was Mr. Andrew Crotnbio. who resigned his ohargo for a tiuto at Toowoomba, tho train then being taken to Killarney and back to Toowoomba by Mr. W. Martin. Mr. Crombie again had control of tlio footplate from Toowoomba to Brisbano. Inspector Brotborton und Mr. J. F. . Moore actod, re spectively, as guards of tho speoial. During the trip -Mr. A.- P. Lloyd, distriot trsffio manager, boarded tho train at Too woomba, und accompanied tho party oe far as Killarney and back to the capital city of the Downs. Tho following appeared in tho ' Personal" column in the London " Daily Express" ou September 16 : " To Amioua. — Apyoue wbo blitokmaiis another or extorts Hnsh-tuoppy is u felon, und punishable' for felony. Your letter'I shall keep as proof against you. J, sh» mwh," 