THE AGRICULTURIST. \-- .--- - 131,li FIRES AND 'TUlHIILE BURNING. By IH. Pye. 'L'tnl:..ied by Arrangement with tile Victorian Department of Agricul ture.) Itu wriling these few notes on bush tires and stubble burning, it is ap parent that .some matters of interest might be drawn attention to, whichll would have a practical bearing in re gard ti rural economy. Also it is likely that farmers, when they burll t their stubble, are nit, as a rule, aware i of the comparative losses and gains to t the land due to following this prac tice, which is every year becoming more general. The bush tires in Vice toria, and of tile other States of the Colunleontealth, often cause great loss s to farnlea. both directly and indirect ly. The direct losses are principally the burning of the pasture grasses. crops, fences, homes, and occasional- 1 ly some of the stock. The indirect losses do not appear to t the farmer of Inuch consequence, yet ou investigat ing them it will be apparent thllat they may be serious, as for instance, w ing to the destruction of insectivor ous birds. Tihe loss of forest seedlings and many old forest giants in timber re serves, is often very great. These re serves are rapidly diminishing, and I event the firewood supplies of large cities are every year being obtained from mlore distant parts. In order to safeguard the interests of farmers and graziers, laws have been passed in or der to check the frequency of bush fires: but in spite of this, they are more general than they should be. The supreme indifference of some per sons to fires is very exasperatingr to those lwho know what direful results may follow wlthen they occur, Ithence, smoking should strongly be disconn tenlanced, and even made a misde meanor, if it takes place anywhere where there is a possibility of a spark falling on the grass. Perhaps if graz iers and farmers, whose properties lie in the route of swagmen, were to make suitable provision and encourage the swagmen and others to boil their bil lies in places prepared for such pur poses, there might. be soime hope of fewer fires. The use of wax matches shounl also be discouraged, as there is no doubt that they are the cause of more fires than is generally thought. Doubtless there is no econotmical tmethod of clearing timbered country that. is far from a large city. except by burning. It is a pity that such is the case, Ibut it is inevitable. In countries where the trees shed their leaves every year. the land receives muucl organic matter: and this. toge ther with the earth, firns a rich layer of soil that will grow almo tet any farm crop: tld grass, too, supplies organ ic matter to the soil, and renders it more absorbent fr Imoisture, while it also inducles a better retelltionl of it. The presencte of this irganic tIlmatter repairs the so il for the itncrease of bacterial lifte so ilecetssarv for illdtt intg fertility itt soils: tlthus gratss Iire,. especially, are not only the cat;se of murich direct loss to the stock- wners. but the Iturnt erass reprelt Is a loss of mu itch organic mattter that has tak en a considerable time to be extracted froni the air and soil. The tlinertal maitter :tlo e is .left. wi hilst the re iainider passes awayt i n a aise its form, wi th the exception of a little charcoal that may mnot be cmtpletely burnt away. 'Pite fire, if a severe one. destroys a good deal of beneticial bac terial life,. and frequently there is none too much of this in the greater numtber of our soils, hent'e tne cause. and a prominent one. for infertility. Certainly it may become rather .tnvs-t tifying. knowingt t his t deterii ne what should be done when there is :t large area of coarse grass oit a grazing: run. .\s a rule, it is fiunti lmtre tco ointical to burtn it off, antd look to tihe yotutg sweet growth as a recolt lense. If the latter be clt early en outgh, it would likely make at sec oid class ensilage. but this presupposes that the land is sunliciently clear for the arryitng out of the work. and that labour is available. It would be ad visable to endeavour. as sott as pos sible, to replace the course grasses h the finer kinds. anid so redtice the ne cessity for burning off. In the north erm parts of the State there is rarely imuch of this grass. ais these iheavily. stocked areas tiare so well grazed iby sheep that the old grtas s is useful flor a time i protei ecting the o tung shoiots coming through. In soie parts the grass and scrub are burnt in order to destroy ticks and other parasites. How far this is successful is a nmott point; theoretically, however, the loss of organic matter is an implortant matter; but left to natural coniditions the decay of vegetable miatter is sot slow thait it is niecessary in some111 in stances to burn off t he coarse herhace at regular intervals, unless paper mills were close at. hand, when it would pay to cut the grass. Fre quently it is the burning off otf these areas that starts mtany severe ibush fires, since instufficent prentititns are takeni to keep thw fires well utnder con-i trol. In regard to the finer class of grasses, the old growth is the natural protectioni of the young growthi frcm frost, anid when it decats each year, acts as a natural mulch and seed bed The beltter the pasture grasses the more reason that, even when dry. they should be preserved from fires, irre spective of their usefulness for stock during the spmtner and autumn. Tie hurnitg of the stubble after stripping in certainly a retrogade movement on farms, as it is so tmuchl energy mnisdirected or lost to the farm, only mineral matter is left, which pri marily has bieen obtained from the soil, and is simply returned to it as a light top iuessing. All the organic matter so neneful to our soils, and whose absence is, without doubt, one of the chief muises of infertility in uany instantcs, passes into the air fromn which it cani. This act of burn ug. practicalitl speaking, means that the plants, atFr their season's work. leave only a fev ashels drawnt from the soil, also the roots, to show for it.. The stored-up energy:has beent dissi pated, and has passed to other chan nels. but the soil gains little in com parison to what it should. There is no doubt but that our wheat areas are rapidly losing their fertility from the absence in the soil of this organie matter. It is hiteresting to unravel the skein of m?tery that we see be fore us every dt- in our crops, and to ask seriouslv is it right that we should bur ould r tubble? Do we real ly cheapen the gist of farming, or is it an ephemerul practice that will leave is sadly lisappointed in the end? There is nodoub utbut that strip. ping is a wastefhl method when car ried out system.iically, and cani onl' be excused when hek of capital foreesa mat to choose this method of harvest ing. A farmer wlo keeps stock should not. if possible, lesort to it as a ge eral practice; thi unreliability of the labour market, rd the absolute ne cessity for reduciag current expenses, forces the farmes to do many things that he would nit attempt otherwise. and one of these is stripping. Never theless, the practce is not a good one. and this has eot exemplified during the drought this year. simne straw is so scarce over fi0e iorthern parts of Victoria. Gremy ias the loss of straw for stock, a slill greater loss is that felt by the laid of orcanic matter, and whether thts is supplied by creen manuring, stable manure, or from Sstraw rotted in the piggaries, byres, or small yards;or by cattle eating it romu the stacks il the outrfield, tihe same general results are derived. There is one thing certain, our wheat growing area is less able to retain and absorb moisture, is drier in dry weatlher, lmore sloppy in wet weather, and colder during the winter and spring than it would be if sufficient organic matter were present. We find that light dressings of fertilisers give more economical returns, firstly, be cause the light rainfall, and partly be cause the amount of humus present in the soil is, as a rule, too small. Al so, thorough cultivation" is not gen eral, thus the texture of the soil is not conducive to the retaining of moisture, and the application of heav ier dressings of fertilisers. At present there is no need to expand on this matter, but it is necessary to show that the straw burnt is a real loss to the farmer. The chief advantages gained by burn ing the stubbles are: I. Cheapness and rapidity of har vesting. 3\. Reducing the amount ui humus in soils already too rich in it. 3\. Destroying fungus and insect pests. The following are some of the dis advantages: 1\. Loss of humus or organic matter, which applies to most soils. 2\. Loss of nitrogen. 3\. Loss of beneficial bacterial life. -I. Absence of straw during winter and droughty seasons. In order to check bush fires from carrying all before them, if some head lands be cultivated and kep. free from weeds, and then about October be sown down with broom corn or sor ghuml, a good fire break would be at hand, whilst after harvesting the crop. the stouck put oni the stubbles would have a good bite of green feed, or the broom corn could be marketed if the fibre were a good sample. Every farmer who has a vaiuable stack of hay, or wheat, is careful to have a fire break around them, as well as around his homestead and build ings. Such simple precautions are often the means of saving much valu able property from destruction, es pecially if a few beating appliances are kept handy. There are a number of preparations for rendering canvas and sacking imore or less fire-proof, one being: hioracic acid, 31bs; salammoniac, 7; lbs; borax, Ii ibs; water, 5 gallons. For wearing apparel or bedding, an ounce of alum, borax, or salammon iac, dissolved in the last water in which the fabrics are rinsed, renders them less likely to catch fire, whilst tie ordinary water glass used by the farmers for preserving eggs, if paint ed over boards, renders them to some extent firm-lproof, so also does a mix ture of sulphate of ammonia and sul phate of lime. MLost farmers have had experience of bushfires, and it will be generally admtitted, that during those times the I aterltn nIleighbourly worth of every \- individual farmer is very pronounced. It is astonishing the long distances Sthat recruits to tile band of fire-fight ers come, and they work hard and ' onlng, yet 1how imtuchi tile better would I their assistanlce be if better organisa-. -ion anld better methods of fighting the Sire were known. f _____________________ 