THE AGRICULTURIST. BUSH FIBES AND STUBBLE BURNING. By H. Pye. In writing these few notes on bush fires and stubble burning, it is apparent that .some matters of interest might be drawn attention to, which would have a practical bearing in regard to rural economy. Also it is likely that farmers, when they burn their stubble, are not, as a rule, aware of the comparative losses and gains to the land due to following this practice, which is every year becoming more general. The bush fires in Victoria, and of the other States of the Commonwealth, often cause great loss to farmers, both directly and indirectr ly. The direct losses are principally the burning of the pasture grasses, crops, fences, homes, and occasionally some of the stock. The indirect losses do not appear to the farmer of much consequence, yet on investigating them it will be apparent that they may be serious, as for instance, owing to the destruction of insectivorous birds. The loss of forest seedlings and many old forest giants in timber reserves, is often very great. These reserves are rapidly diminishing, and even the firewood supplies of large 1 cities are every year being obtained from more distant parts. In order to safeguard the interests of farmers and graziers, laws have been passed in order to check the frequency of bush fires; but in spite of this, they are: more general than they should be. - The supreme indifference of some persons to fires is very exasperating to those who know what direful results may follow when they occur, hence, smoking should strongly be discoun- tenanced, and even made a misdemeanor, if it takes place anywhere where there is a possibility of a spark falling on the grass. Perhaps if graziers and farmers, whose properties lie in the route of swagmen, were to make suitable provision and encourage the swagmen and others to boil their billies in places prepared for such purposes, there might be some hope of fewer fires. The use of wax matches should also be discouraged, as there is no doubt that they are the cause of more fires than is generally thought. Doubtless there is no economical ' method of clearing timbered country that i& far from a large city, except by burning. It is a pity that such is ' the case, but it is inevitable. In countries where the trees shed their leaves every year, the land receives much organic matter; and this, together with the earth, forms a rich layer of soil that will grow almost any farm crop. Old grass, too, supplies organic matter to the soil, and renders it more absorbent for moisture, while it also induces a better retention of it. The presence of this organic matter repairs the soil for the increase of bacterial life so necessary for inducing fertility in soils; thus grass fires, especially, are not only the cause of much direct loss to the stock-owners, but the burnt grass represents a loss . of much organic matter that has tak- j en a considerable time to be extracted • from the air and soil. The mineral matter alone is left, whilst the remainder passes away in a gaseous ,t. form, I with -the exception of a little charcoal that may not be completely ; burnt away. The fire, if a severe one, destroys a good deal of beneficial bacterial life, and frequently there is none too much of this in the greater number of our soils, hence one cause, and a prominent one, for infertility. Certainly it may become rather mystifying, knowing this, to determine what should be done when there is a large area of coarse grass on a grazing run. As a rule, it is found more economical to burn it off, and look to the young sweet growth as a recompense. If the latter be cut early enough, it would likely make a second class ensilage, but "this presupposes that the land is sufficiently clear for the carrying out of the work, and that 1 labour is available. It would be advisable to endeavour, as soon as possible, to replace the coarse grasses by the finer kinds, and so reduce' the necessity for burning off. In the northern parts of the State there is rarely much of this grass, as these heavily stocked areas are so well grazed by sheep that the old grass is useful for a time in protecting the young shoots • coming "—— through. " In t_ some parts it-- the I grass and scrub are burnt in order to destroy ticks and other parasites. 1 How far this is successful is a moot { point; theoretically, however, the loss of organic matter is an important! matter; but left to natural conditions the decay of vegetable matter ia so ! slow that it is necessary in some in- j stances to burn off the coarse herbage i at regular intervals, unless paper j mills were close at hand, when it ! would pay to cut the grass. Frequently it is the burning off of these areas that starts many severe bush \ fires, since insufficient precautions are ] taken to keep the fires well under con- : trol. In regard to the finer class of 1 grasses, the old growth is the natural \ protection of the young growth from frost, and when it decays each year, j acts as a natural mulch and seed bed The better the - r pasture grasses the , more reason that, even when dry, they should be preserved from fires, irrespective of their usefulness for stock during the summer and autumn. The burning of the stubble after stripping is certainly a retrogade movement on farms, as it is so much energy misdirected or lost to the farm, only mineral matter is left, which primarily has been obtained from the soil, and is simply returned to it as a light top dressing. All the organic matter so needful to our soils, and whose absenoe is, without doubt, one of the chief causes of infertility in many instances, passes into the air from which it came. This act of burning, practically speaking, means that the plants, after their season's work, leave only a few ashes drawn from the soil, also the roots, to show for it. The stored-np energy has been dissipated, and has passed to other channels, bnt the sou gains little in comparison to what it should. There is no doubt bnt that our wheat areas are rapidly losing their fertility from the absence in the soil of this organic matter. It is interesting to unravel the skein of mystery that we see before ns every day in our crops, and to ask seriously, is it right that we should burn our stubble? Do we real- [-" ly cheapen the cost of farming, or is 1 ft an ephemeral practice that will I leave us sadly disappointed in the | end? There is no doubt but that stripping is a wasteful method when car-1 riea out systematically, and can only ] be excused when lack o! capital forces a | man to choose this method of harvest-1 ing. A farmer who keeps stock should not, if possible, resort to it as a gen-1 eral practice; ihe unreliability of thd labour market, and the absolute no* cessity for reducing current expenses* forces the farmer to do many things that he would not attempt otherwise, and one of these is stripping. Never* theless^ the practice is not a good one, and this has been exemplified during the drought this year, since straw ia so scarce over the northern parts of Victoria. Great as the loss of straw for stock, a still greater loss is that felt by the land of organic matter, and wnether this is supplied by green manuring, stable manure, or from straw rotted in the piggeries, byres, or small yards, or by cattle eating it from the stacks in the out-field, the same general results are derived. There is one thing certain, our wheatgrowing area is less able to retain and absorb moisture, is drier in dry weather, more sloppy in wet weather, and colder during the winter and spring than it would be if sufficient organic matter were present. We find that light dressings of fertilisers give more economical returns, firstly, because the light rainfall, and partly because the amount of humus present in the soil is, as a rule, too small. Also, thorough cultivation is not general, thus the texture of the soil is not conducive to the retaining of moisture, and the application of heavier dressings of fertilisers. At present there is no need to expand on this matter, but it is necessary to show that the straw burnt is a real loss to the farmer. The chief advantages gained by burn* ing the stubbles are: 1\. Cheapness and rapidity of harvesting. 2\. Reducing the amount of humus in soils already too rich in it. 3\. Destroying fungus and insect pests. The following are some of the disadvantages:— 1\. Loss of humus or organic matter, which applies to most soils. 2\. Loss of nitrogen. 3\. Loss of beneficial bacterial life. 4\. Absence of straw during winter and droughty seasons. In order to check bush fires from earning all before them, if some head- lands be cultivated and kept free from weeds, and then about October be sown down with broom corn or sorghum, a good fire break would be at hand, whilst after harvesting the crop, the stock put on the stubbles would have a good bite of green feed, or the broom corn could be marketed if the fibre were a good sample. Every farmer who has a valuable stack of hay, or wheat, is careful to have a fire break around them, as well as around his homestead and buildings. Such simple precautions are often the means of saving much valuable property from destruction, especially if a few beating appliances are kept handy. There are a number of preparations for rendering canvas and sacking more or less fire-proof, one being:— Boracic acid, 31bs; salammoniac, lbs; borax, II lbs; water, 5 gallons. For wearing apDarel or bedding, an ounce of alum, borax, or salammoniac, dissolved in the last water in which the fabrics are rinsed, renders them less likely to catch fire, whilst the ordinary water glass used by the farmers for preserving eggs, if painted over boanis, renders them to some extent fire-proof, so also does a mixture of sulphate of ammonia and sulphate of lime. Most farmers have had experience of bushfires, and »„ it will be generally admitted, that during those times the sterling neighbourly worth of every individual liviaual farmer is 1 very pronounc It is astonishing the long distances that recruits to the band of fire-fighters come, and they work hard and long, yet bow much the better would their assistance be if better organisation and better methods of fighting the fire were known. 