THE AGRICULTURIST. BOSH FIKES AND STUBBLE BUKNING. By H. Pye. (Published by Arrangement with the Victorian Department of Agricul ture.) _ In writing these few notes on bush fires and stubble burning, .it is ap parent that some matters of interest might be drawn attention to, which would have a practical bearing in re gard to rural economy. Also it is likely that farmers, when they burn their stubble, are not, as a rule, aware of the comparative losses aiid gains to the land due to following this prac tice, which is every year becoming more general. The bush fires in Vic toria, and of the other States of the Commonwealth, often cause great loss to formers, both directly and indirect ly. The direct losses are principally tiht-burnitig of the pasture grasses, crops, fences, homes, and occasional ly some of the stock. The indirect losses do not appear to the farmer of much consequence, yet 011 investigat j ing them it will be apparent that they | may be serious, as for iustance, ow ! ing to the destruction of insectivor ous birds. , " \- The loss of forest seedlings and many old forest giants iu timber, re-, serves, is often very great. These re serves are rapidly diminishing, pud even the firewood supplies of large cities are every year oeing obtained from more distant parts. In order to safeguard the interests of farmers and graziers, laws have been passed in or der to check the frequency of bush fires; but in spite ,of this, they are more general than they should be. The supreme indifference of some per sons to fires is very exasperating to those who know what direful results may follow when they occur, hence, smoking should strongly be discoun tenanced, and even made a rnisde [ meanor, if it takes place anywhere | where there is a possibility of a spark I falling on the grass. Perhaps if graz iers and farmers, whose properties lie j in the route of swagmen, were to make suitable provision and encourage the swagmen and others to boil their bil i lies in places prepared for such pur poses, there might be some hope of fewer fires. The use of wax matches should also be discouraged, as there is no doubt that they are the cause of more fires than is generally thought. Doubtless there is no economical method of clearing timbered country that is far from a large city, except by burning. It is ii pity that such is ; the case, Dut it is inevitable. In countries where the trees shed their leaves every year, the laud receives ; much organic matter; and this, toge ther with the. earth, forms a rich layer of soil that will grow almost any farm crop. Old grass, too, supplies organ ic matter to the soil, ana renders it more absorbent for moisture, while it also induces a better retention of it. i The presence of this organic matter repairs the soil for the increase of bacterial .life so necessary for induc ing fertility in .soils; thus grass, fires, especially, are not only the cause of much .direct loss to the stpck-owners, but the burnt grass represents a loss of much organic matter'that has tak en a considerable time to be extracted from the air and soil. The mineral .matter alone is:left, whilst the re mainder passes away in a gaseous form, with the. exception of a little charcoal that- may not be completely burnt away. The fire, if a severe one. destroys a good deal of beneficial bac terial/life, and frequently there is none too ranch of this in the greater number.of our.soils, lience one cause, and a prominent one, for infertility. Certain Ijr it may become rather mys tifying, knowing v this, to determine what should be done when there is a large, area of coarse grass on a grazing run. As a rule, it is found more eco nomical to bum it . off, and look to the young sweet growth as a recom pense. If the latter be cut early en ough, it would likely make a second zS 1,®na,I'aS,e» but this presupposes that the lana is sufficiently clear for the.carrying out of the work, and that Jabour is available. It would be ad : Vn!?k^e to .endeavour, as soon as pos tp replace the coarse grasses by the finer kinds, and so reduce the ne cessity for burning off. In the north ern partis of the State tlrere is rarely much of this grass, as- these heavily stocked areas are so well grazed by sheep that the old grass is useful for a time in protecting the young shoots coming through. In some parts the grass And scrub are burnt in order to destroy ticks and other parasites. How far this _is successful, is. a moot point; theoretically, however, the loss of organic matter is .an important matter ; . but left to natural conditions the decay, of. vegetable matter -is so slow that it is necessary in some in stances to burn off the- coarse herbage at .'Tegulur' intervals, unless paper mills.,were close at hand, when it would pay to cut the grass. Fre quently it is the burning-off of these areas that Starts * many severe bush ^r.es' s'lce insufficient precautions are taken to keep the fires well under con trol. In regard to the finer class of grasses, the oW growth is the natural protection of the young growth from frost, and when it' decays each year, acts as a natural mulch and seed bed Ane. better the pasture grasses the more reason that, even when dry they should, be. preserved from fires, irre spective of their usefulness for stock during the summer and autumn. The burning of the stubble after stripping is certainly a retrogade movement on farms, as it is so much energy misdirected or lost to the farm, only mineral matter is left, which pri marily has been obtained from the soil, and is simply returned to it as a light top dressing, All the organic matter so needful to our soils, and whose absence is, without doubt, one of the.chief causes of infertility in many instances, passes into the air from which it came. This act of burn ing- practically speaking, means that the plants, after their season's work, leave only a few ashes drawn from the soil, also the roots, to show for it. i he stored-up energy has been dissi pated, and "has passed to other chan nels, but the soil gains little in com parison to what it should. There is no doubt but that our wheat areas are rapidly losing their fertility from the absence in the soil of this organic matter. It is interesting to unravel the skein of mystery that we see be fore us every day in our crops, and to ask seriously, is it right that we should burn our stubble? Do we real ly cheapen the cost of farming, or is it an ephemeral practice that will leave us sadly disappointed in the end? There is no doubt but that strip ping is ,a wasteful method when car ried out systematically, can onlv be excused when lack of capital forces a man to choose this method of harvest ing. A farmer who keeps stock should not. if possible, resort to it as a gen eral practice; the unreliability.of the labour market, and the absolute ne cessity for reducing current expenses, forces the farmer to do many things i that he would not attempt otherwise, *"*<3 one of these is stripping.--Never theless, the practice is not a good one, fu J ^as keen exemplified! during the drought this year, since straw is so scarce over the riorthern parts of Victoria. Great as thf? loss of straw for stock, a still greater loss is that j. ? the land of organic matter, and whether this is supplied by green manuring,, stable manure, or from straw rotted in the piggeries, byres, or small yardB, or by cattle eating it from the stacks in the outrfield, the same general results are derived. There is one thing certain, our wheat growing area is less able to retain and absorb moisture, is drier in dry weather, more sloppy in wet weather, and colder during the winter and spring than it would be .if sufficient organic matter were present. We find that light dressings of fertilisers give more economical returns, firstly, be cause the light rainfall, and partly be cause the amount of humus present in the soil is, as a rule, too small. Al so, thorough cultivation is not gen eral, thus the texture of the soil is. not conducive to the retaining of moisture, and the application of heav ier dressings of fertilisers. At present there is no need to expand on this matter, but it is necessary to show that the straw burnt is a real loss to the farmer. The chief advantages gained by burn ing the stubbles are: 1\. Cheapness and rapidity of har vesting. ;' 2\. Reducing'the amount of humus in soils already too rich in it. 3\. Destroying fungus and insect pests. ' The following are some of the dis advantages:- j 1\. Loss of humus or organic matter, which applies to most soils. 2\. Loss of nitrogen. 3\. Loss of beneficial bacterial life. 4\. Absence of straw during winter and. droughty seasons. In order to check bush fires from carrying all before them, if some head lands be cultivated and kept free from weeds, and then about October be sown down with broom, corn or sor f;hum, a good fire break would be at land, whilst after harvesting the crop, the stock put on the stubbles would have a good bite of green feed, or the broom corn could be marketed if the fibre were a good sample. Every farmer who has a valuable stack of hay, or wheat, is careful to have a fire break around them, afc well as around his homestead and build ings. Such simple precautions are often the means of saving much valu able property from destruction, es pecially if a few beating appliances are kept handy. There arp a number of preparations for rendering canvas and sacking more or less fire-proof, one being: - Boracic acid, 3lbs; salammoniae, 71 lbs: borax, li lbs; water, 5 gallons. For wearing apnarel or bedding, an ounce of alum, borax, or salammon iae, dissolved in the last water in which the fabrics are rinsed, renders them less likely to catch fire, whilst I the ordinary water glass used by the farmers for preserving eggs, if paint ed over boards, renders tnem to aome extent fire-proof, so also does a mix ture of sulphate of ammonia and sul phate of lime. Most farmers have had experience of bushfires, and it will be generally admitted, that during those times the sterling neighbourly worth of every individual farmer is very pronounced. It is astonishing the long distances that recruits to the band of iire-fight ers come, and they work hard and long, yet how much the better would their assistance be if bettor organisa tion and better methods of fighting the fire were known. 