NSWS IN BBIEF. Lord Eobhouse, for 20 years a mem ber of tho Judicial Committee of tho Privy Council, is dead. The Japanese are pressing on thnir siege works at Port' Arthur night -and day. i Sir Horace Tozor was presented with ! an address at the Australasian Club, London, on Tuns-day, on tijo occasion of his departure for Australia. It is,stat«d that at t.ln- beginning of the war with Japan Britain warned Kuss-ia of her intention to uphold thu treaties preventing the passage of this Black Sea fleet through the Dardan elles. In his message to Congress;, Presi dent Roosevelt said that it was im possible to conduct a strong foreign policy without an. adequate army and navy. Extensive bush fires are raging in various parts of New South Wales. The weather is having a disastrous effect on the crops. The race for the Queensland Cup proved most disastrous for the jock eys. Several horses fell, and the.it riders were injured more or less seri ously. Charles K. Bird, harbormaster at Port Jackson, at a salary of £700, has gone insolvent. He Btatos that if pressed he cannot pay Is. in the £. to support the Government in carrying into effect. the policy arranged with tho Independents. , The master plumbers of Perth dis agree With the contentions of the 51 in ister for Works regarding the water mipply and sewerage. As practical men, they arc of opinion that the two questions are inseparable. Sir John Quick yesterday stated that he would refuse the chairmanship of the Tariff Commission if a casting vote was withheld. The Arbitration Bill was passed by the Douse of Representatives yester day, the Government accepting an amendment moved by Mr. Watson de lining the term 'political purposes.' The Russian battleship Poltava, has been sunk by the Japanese fire at Port Arthur, and thn crnispr Rnvnn line gone aground. , . A youth named Alexander M'Guire, while schooling a pony over the hur dles at Gritgurk (Vic), was* thrown on to his' head, sustaining concussion of the brain, from which he died. -The . Select. Commit.f.im nrmnlTWor? \w the Legislative Council to inquire into the Aborigines Protection Bill yester day presented its report to tho Jlou-te, ?and recommended a number of import antant 'amendments to the measure. In the Legislative Assembly last night-lhe (Minister ipv Mines,- in preJ snnting the^mjines estimates to the House, spoke hopefully of the future of the industry. He said that since July, 1903, the number of leases had increased from 2,026 to 2;30i. Tho Distress far Rent Bill,, ?whrch passed through committee of the Leg islative- Assembly yesterday, exempts typewriters, .sewing machines, and man gles from seismm. Pianos are also to be added to the list. Parliament will- sit for the remain der of the session on Tuesday, Wednes day, Thursday, and Friday from 2.30 p.m) onward. It is thus hoped that thtr^session- will end before vhe holi days . A fire at Echuca (Vic.) early yester day morning destroyed Bennett's bak ery, O'Brien's 'produce store, and two private houses occupied by Urs. Rich ards, and }trs. Se.Mon. A single woman, Theresa Biggs (21}, residing at Footecray (VicX, was run over by a train passing through Foot scray last night. Her left arm was cut off. It is not known how she came tt» be on the line. The body of a middle-agrri man, Thomas Brennan, was found in a creek at Warrick (Vic), yesterday. H is supposed that Brennan accidentally stepped into the creek. Bush fires are reported in vario-is parts of Victoria. A bushfire at Framlisgham yesterday totally des troyed the Church of England buildim;. At several places in the country fin«s are burning, but so far no disastrous damage has been reported. j Captain Pcrriana, of thn barque Gla dys, which arrived at ^Melbourne, last night, reported having sighted in Bass Straits a small sailing vessel whioh had vapsizdd, probably as a nvult of ilie Jate gales. There was no sism 'if tht; crew. The vessel was about, 70ft. in length. The Nelson College, in New Zealand, was, destroyed by iire last nk'ht. The buifding was insured for .Cli.OOO. A young woman named Muriel Clark, residing at Burwood, near Sydney, was cleaning gloves with bm/i:iu when. her hands came in contact with a gas jet. Tho flames -f.aight her clolhiiu?. 'mflict- ins? in-urins from which site 'Hud. A lire broke cut early yesterday morning on the promise; o: Messrs. arintosh 'and Co., hardware and met al merchants, at Sydney. The fire, the oriein of whidi is unkaowa. was con fined to the first and st-cond floors. £:i old man. named Edward flaskcll, wc3 committee) ion trf-»l i\t the JJ'olr en Hill Police Court yesterday on charges of having indecently assaulted two girls under the age. of 14. The evidence showed that the alleged of fence -took place at a picnic. Extensive, bush fires are raging in various parts of N.S.W., and at Branxton, Coonabarabran, Gulgong, ilurrumburrah, and Stroud, consider able, damage has been- done. Th&home-; steads. were only saved after a stiff fight. . : An aged Chinaman, named Tommy Gum, reveived such a shock that, he dropped dead. The weather is having, a disastrous effect on the crops. _ Alfred Scott, lato postmaster of Thargomindah, pleaded guilty to the embezzlement of £290, the property of the Postmaster-General. He was sen tenced to 17 months' imprisonment. George Dean, of Sydney, will be re leased on Friday. He was condemned to death for attempting to murde.r his wife by poisoning, and was subse quently released.' Then he . was,, rcar r,estcd. and ccrtvicted of making a'false declaration, and sentenced to a long term of imprisonment. The Full Court at Adelaide, yester day ordered the release from gaol of an insolvent named J. H. Pierce, who had been ordered ]2 months' imprison ment for debt. 