LOCAL AND GENERAL- PURVES AND KEID—"We all of us do foolish things," said Mr J L Purves, K.C, during a recent sitting of the Alleged Bribery Commission in Melbourne (says the "Argus), and added, " I have even done one or two myself." " Tell us one or two of them," interposed Mr G H Reid, K.O, amid laughter. " Well." replied Mr Purves, " none of them was as bad as that Yes no affair—not being able to make up one's mind on matters of public importance which might affect the destinies of a nation." HOMESTEAD AREAS.—MrT P Sweeny's Homestead Farm, No 26, on the Alma Agricultural Area, at Northampton, has been cancelled, and was again open for selection on the 4th of this month. THE GERALDTON CADET PICNIC AND SPORTS.—These sports will be held on Saturday next, May 14th, at "Double Gee Flat," Chapman River. Sport3 will commence at 12 o'clock sharp. Friends and supporters of the cadets are cordially invited tojae present. Picnic parties can obtain hot water. The cadets will be grateful for gifts of refreshments of any kind, which may be sent to tbe Government School any time before Friday evening. TOWNSITE* AT YANDENOOKA. — The Government have proclaimed a reserve for the purpose of a townsite at Yandenooka on the Midland line. THE BUSHFIRES' ACT.—The Executive Council has declared it unlawful to set fire to. the bush within the Magisterial District of Northampton from the 1st November to the 1st March inclusive in each year. LEGISLATIVE COUNCIL ELECTIONS.— The following gentlemen have been returned unopposed : Mr George Randell, Metiopolitan Province ; Mr Walter Kingsmill, Metropolitan Suburban ; and Mr S J Haynes, Southeast. Mr Fergie Reid was to have contested the Metropolitan Province against Mr Randell, but the authority for his nomination reached the Returning Officer a quarter of an hour too late. POLITICAL MEETING—Mr H Carson, who is standing for the Geraldton seat in the Assembly, addressed a large meeting of electors at Mulle wa Junction on Tuesday evening. Mr , Walter Howard presided. The speaker gave a very explicit address, and evidently from the responsive audience his views coincided with those of his listeners. Mr McMeekin proposed a vote of confidence in Mr Carson, which was seconded by Mr George Gould, The mover made a strong protest against the report appearing in the EXPRESS that he had proposed a vote of confidence in the Labor nominee, the vote put and carried being purely a vote of thanks to Mr Brown for so thoughtfully appearing before the electors of that centre. The vote of confidence in Mr Carson was then put and carried. A vote of thanks to the chairman concluding the meeting. SOCIAL TO YALGOO CRICKETERS—On Tuesday evening, at the Geraldton Hotel, the Geraldton cricketers tendered a social to the Yalgoo team, with whom they had unsuccessfully engaged m a friendly match during the day. Mr Syd Inglis occupied the chair, A number of toasts were proposed and honored, and several songs were rendered, a most enjoyable evening being spent. MR NANSON AND THE ESPERANCE RAILWAY—The Kalgoorlie 'Sun,' in its issue of Sunday last, renews its ' barrack' for the Esperance line, and regards the prospects as favorable. It says :—" The present Minister for Works (the changeful Nanson), in Queen's Hall, Perth, less than three years ago, declared for the Esperance line. Hopkins must declare for it and Gregory should. Bason —- if the alternative were the retirement of the Gov- ernment,—most probably would. This would leave opposed to the proposition only the head of the Government, and we refuse to class Mr James's firmness with the special peculiarity of the mule." Inas much as the Esperance Railway would place the South Australian farmer in a position to take away the whole of the eastern goldfields' trade from W.A agriculturists, it would be well if some Greenough elector embraced the first opportunity of catechising Mr Nanson as to his present opinions in reference to the line. SHIPPING ITEMS.—The s.s. Julia Percy arrived on Thursday, May 6, bringing 150 tons of general cargo and 13 passen^ gers from Fremantle. She left on her return trip at 2.30 this morning The s.s. Hobart reached Geraldton at 2.30 this morning (Friday). Passengersone saloon and six steerage. Cargo—300 tons of general and 50 young stud ewes and two thoroughbred horses for Mr McKenzie Grant, of Newmarracarra station ; also 40 young stud ewes for Mr G, E. Sewell, of Mount Hill station. The Hobart left this afternoon for Fremantle. •'STBANGE IF TRUE." —Under this heading, a correspondent signing himself " Anti-Gambler," sends us the following : —"A rumor is around that a hotel- keeper recently got up a raffle for a su!icy and set of harness which belonged to a policeman. As the story goes, the lat er attended at the hotel, shouted £1 for drinks and retired. The publican th» n went on with the raffle, a throw of 40 won the lot. The winner ihouted another quid's worth, and all left folly satisfied. But, of coursp, such a thing could not occur in any part of this district," JOHN NOKTON SUED.—Victor J Daley, the well-known ' Bulletin' poet, has issued a writ claiming ,£1,000 damages for libel against John Norton, M.L.A., of Sydney. OAKABELLA SCHOOL.—Tenders for this work close on Tuesday, 17th May, at noon. THE "BULLETIN"—"Barrier Truth" says that the ' Bulletin " is 27 years old, and began as a threepenny sheet. It was first published late in '79 or early in 1880, and at 4d a copy. The ptice became 3d with the third issue oi so, and remained at that rate until Hopkins arrived in 1885, or thereabouts. COERCION IN SOUTH AFRICA.—A letter from a mining engineer in South Africa to the London " Spectator ":— " Coercion is a very real thing here. In many caser it is a question of signing the petition (the bogus petition asking for Chinamen instead of Englishmen) or dismissal. I myself have been requested four times this week either to sign petitions in favour of Chinamen, or else go to meetings and put up both hands, with the same object. Two days ago I was handed a list with my name upon it, asking me to sign it in f? »or of Asiatic labor, or else to s-ate why I did not sign. A well-known firm is paying men 30s a day to stand at street corners and obtain signatures. A number of men were practica'ly ordered last week to go from the —-— mine and interrupt a meeting of the anti-Chinese party, railway fares being paid." LAND SETTLEMENT IN THE GERALDTON DISTRICT.—The Geraldton land agent (Mr A W Halligan) reports on the business transacted at his office in April as follows: Applications, under clause 55, 451 acres; under clause 57, 28 acres; under clause 71, 5,450 acres ; under clause 74, 480 acres; pastoral leases, 85,000 acres ; total 91,409 acres. The receipts £36 4s 4d. The receipts from rents, fines, etc , totalled £64 0s 2d. At Mount Erin four lots, representing 1,543 acres, were sold, the payments made being £28 5s. The total revenue for the month was £128 9s 6d. I am pleased to be able to report that a steady forward movement is noticeable among the settlers, This is to be accounted for to a great extent by the lessons taught by the Chapman Experimental Farm. It has been clearly proved that the so called third-class lands which abound in the district will, with cultivation and a little manure, produce excellent wheat, oats, etc. That this lesson has been learned by the farmers is proved by the demand for artificial manure' which has increased about 500 per cent during the last twelve months. Good rain fell m the last week of the month, and the farmers are now busy getting ready for the coming season." ME MAITIAND BBOWM.—The " Spectator" publishes the following kindly references : —"Maitland Brown, explorer, squatter, prominent politician in the Crown colony day3, stipendiary magistrate at Geraldton for 18 years, and, finally, honourable gentleman and good sportsman all the time, is getting a big send-off on his final passing out of official life. No man ever deserved it better. Although Brown's magisterial decisions have sometimes been open to strong attack, and his idiosyncracies have too frequently provided criticism, his bitterest enemy has never accused him of not trying to hold the scale of justice fairly and impartially, acocrding to his lights. No magistrate is infallible, and possibly Brown has been more fallible than most. Bat we don't believe that anyone ever knew him without respecting him, or knew him well without liking him more than well, He had strong prejudices —possibly inseparable from his upbringing—but although they may sometimes have warped his judgment, they never affected his determination to give the meanest thief fair play. Maitland Brown's unofficial and official career in West Aus stralia has been one of which any man might be proud. He has deserved well of the State and of his fellow citizens, and this paper heaves at him the old shoe, that typifies good wishes and lots of them." DEATH OF A GERALDTONIAN.—Henry Wnittaker, who was brought in from Mount Sir Samuel on Sunday, April 24th, and admitted to the Lawlers Hospital, died on Thursday, the 28th April, the cause of death being an abscess in one of the main arteries. Deceased had been in the East Murchison District for nearly eight years and was well and favourably known, not only in this locality, but over on the Murchison side, of which field he was one of the pioneers. Some five months ago. being in indifferent health, he took a trip to the Coast,and after a two months' spell there, returned to Sir - Samuel, apparently much benefited by the change. About a month ago, however, he eom< plained of feeling unwell again, and from then until he was brought to the hospital his condition gradually grew worse, and on arrival here little hope of recovery was entertained. His parents have been residents of Geraldton for the past twenty years and are held in high esteem there. The remains were interred in the Anglican portion of the Lawlers Cemetjy on Saturday last, Dr Frost, acting Medical Officer reading the service, the Rev R J Craggs being away at Wiluna, Deceased was only 26 years of age, "East Murchison News." For Chronic Chest Complaints, Woods' Great Peppermint Cure. Is Sd. RETURN OF MBS EOVTE.—The S s Meeinderry arrived shortly after noon yesterday, bringing 64 tons of general cargo, and eighteen passengers. We noticed amongst the latter Mrs T Howe, of Garden Road, who, we are glad to see, looks well after her extended visit to the metropolis. 