Bush-mrb at Tea-garden Creek. — "he first nosh- fire of the season made its appearance on Friday afternoon last, (writes our Milawa correspondent) in one of Mr. J. Henley's hill paddocks, but thanks to the prompt manner in which the neighbors turned out to fight it, it was prevented from doing any great dam- age. Ihe fire started ou the boundary line of Mr. Teakel's paddock and travel led in an easterly direction, and was -toppsd on the top of the Wnorouly Gap, burning something over 50 acres of" grasB. i'ne fire is supposed to have originated from an old siump smouldering in Mr. Tuakel's paddock and thought to be out. It is forcuuate that the grass was not quite dry, or a very serious bush fire might have resulted. Express Train Stopped. — The Mel bourne express, whioh arrived at Adelaide on Sunday morning, had a curious ex perience. A few miles from Adelaide a woman, holding a child, waved a handker chief and stood on the rails, causing the driver to stop. The train having been pulled up, the woman shook hands with the enginedriver, and told him she had received Divine orders to stop all trains on Sundays. She declined to move off the rails, and proceeded to walk on them towards Adelaide. The train followed her slowly for a quarter of a mile, till a policeman arrived and held her till the train passed. Sale of Vineyard Property.— Messrs. Kelly Bros' " Terravinia" vineyard was sold most successfully by Messrs. J. T. Brown and Co., every loo being disposed of, and over £4QC0 was realised. The homestead of Mr. F. H. Kelly was sold to him priva'ely. Mr H. E. D. Kelly's home stead and adjoining paddook was bought by Mr. Beok at £6 17a. and £5 17s. res pectively, per acre. Lot 2 was purohased by Mr. Hogan at £6 10e per acre, and Mr Galvin purchased lot 4 at £5 9s. per acre. Wine sold up to 2s 3d. per gallon, and im plements brought full market values. Milch cows were sold up to £7, and horses brought up to £40. There waa a splendid attendance of buyers and bidding waa apirited. The lota catalogued for aale were far too many to be pututo the hammer in one day. 