> THE GREAT? AUSTRALIAN BUSH FIRE ►' Great bush.fires took'place in Victoria on "Black Thursday," February^ 6, 1861. The summer had been one of exceptional heat and drought. Ih& country from the Murray to the sea was brown with ' dessicated herbage, and ~ forests charged with. resinous matter bakedj to the verge of eon-" flagration. It wanted - hut some slightly care less act of a man to set in motion a devastating fury .against which no human Intervention • could stand. It will probably ' never • be known exactly how or where the fire' or fires originated. ' The belief at the time was that it was started by the reck lessness of some bul lock-drivers leaving an unextinguished camp fire §t the foot of the Plenty Ranges. How great a matter a little fire kindleth is prover bial, but it seems al most incredible that this awful calamity; could have sprung from one source with such inconceivable rapidity. The raging flames al most simultaneously' covered the country around Western Port Bayj through the giant forests of the Dande nongs, across the inter vening hills round to Mount Macedon, over the baked plains of the Wimmera, and on to the farm homesteads that studded the Bar rabool-hills, a roaring tossing sea of fire, licked up all before it. From the dense tim ber of the Black Forest the "flames, swept the Loddon ^district, cross ed the Pyrenees, and raged for six days through the western district, carrying de struction and dismay right over the South Australian border to Mount Gambier. The destruction of human life was far less than might have been expected..... Flight was the 'only chance . .. the flames travelled at a rate that overtook and consumed the fly ing Stock in their mad dest gallop. . . . . Homes, furniture, farm equipment, crops, barns, and fences all disappeared. . . . The only consider able portion of the country which did not suffer was the interior of. Gippsland, where the plains had retained their preen mantle anA the rivers gave such an abundant -water supply. —Henry G. Turner's "History of the Colony of Victoria." 