DESTRUCTIVE BUSH FIRES. OUTBREAKS AT TOWRANG, LONG- REACH, AND CARRICK. A DESTRUCTIVE bush-fire has been raging along the southern line from Moss Vale to Towrang, and considerable damage has been done, Mr. Ranken's Lockyersleigh and Longreach properties were swept by the fire yesterday and great damage was done to grass and fences . Narrow escapes of houses being burnt are reported. The fire in still raging and in the vicinity of Towrang it has caused great alarm. Word was received at the local rail- way station to-day that the situation was serious and a special train conveying about 20 volunteers was sent to Towrang shortly after noon. In the vicinity of Towrang, Carrick, Longreach, and Marulan the fire has covered a large area. From Broughton's old house on the Marulan road it has extended to Longreach post office doing extensive damage to fences and grass. It has also extended over the country between Longreach and Towrang and is still burning fiercely. Fire-fighters are out in all directions, and great efforts are being made to prevent the fire from crossing the railwy line, For- tunately there is very little wind at present, and it is probable that the flames will be got under control. On the right side of the line coming from Sydney, a good deal of the country between Bundanoon and Towrang is black. A great bush fire raged at Beadenine station, near Yass on Monday and Tuesday. It is supposed to have been accidentally caused by boys while shooting. The fire travelled nine miles across Beadenine Estate, destroying many thousand of acres of grass, and also burning all the grass upon the following properties : Campbell and Barber's, Wright Bros'., Mullcahy's, and also part of Kangiara Estate. Sergeant's and Hyde's wheat and hay crops were also entirely destroyed. Messr. Wright Bros., had 300 acres of wheat and oats burned, with the exception of about 30 acres of oats which had been gathered and and stacked. Wright Bros.' grass land was burnt off, and also all the hay crop which had been harvested and stacked, The fire has been extinguished. A large bush fire raged at Wagga during this week and spread over 35,000 acres of country. Extensive fires are reported from Adelong, nearly all the settlers losing grass and fencing. Mr. W. Manus sen. lost 300 acres of grass, and the fire ran right down his standing wheat crop, burning it for a chain wide. Mr. Alfred Clarke's homestead was swept clean. Mr. Clarke was absent when the fire took place. A woman in charge of children put them into a cart and raced the flames for a distance of a mile, eventually reaching a place of safety. Mr. George Lewis lost all his grass and his young orchard, 50 trees being destroyed. Mr. George Brice lost all his grass. Mr. A. Scott lost the whole of his wheat crop. Mr. W, Jamieson jun. lost 70 out of 99 acres of standing crop and all his grass, Mr, Robert Andrews had just got his wheat stripped and carted in when the flames ran through the stubble, Nearly all the settlers have only been for 12 months in occupation of the holdings, and are poor men. Miles of country have been burned. The place presents a desolate appearance. Fires have also been raging round Lismore, Liverpool, West Maitland, Moss Vale, and other places. 