Arbitration and Agricul ture. It should require no emphasising to per suade ordinarily intelligent men that in dustries dealing with the direct production of the soil must be regelated in accordance with the vagaries of nature. The fanner or the pastoralist must make his calcula tions upon so uncertain a foundation as the cycle of the weather, and he must base his operations on circumstances as they arise from day to day. It becomes imperative for him to take advantage of conditions which arise quickly, and to guard against and combat dangers which he often cannot foresee until they surround him. To apply the eight-hours* system or any other hard and fast rule to agricul ture would be to sometimes compel the landholder to stop his men from working when a bush-fire was sweeping on his house, and to leave his stock when an on-coming flood would drown them, merely because his employees had already completed their day's work. Under such circumstances it is not likely that the em ployer would prove amenable to the com mands of the law, but the very fact ol the injustice of the Act rendering its applica tion to all cases out of the question, does . not argue in favor of the adoption of such a measure. The cases of bush-fires and ; floods are extreme cases of where farming cannot be regulated by law and remain ' profitable ; but they are not exceptional ' cases. Throughout the whole practise of . farming there arise instances where an extra pressure of work may avoid loss, and then follow in rotation other periods when the work is of sn easy nature. The average severity of farm labor must be regulated by the current rate of wages, and by the laws of supplv and demand, for any hard and fast rule insisting on how much daily work be given to each man would so reduce the profits of agri culture that working men would speedily realise the folly of interference with an industry which can only be regulated by the variations of natural conditions. Yet a Federal Arbitration Act, with the industries of the soil in its scope has long been a cherished ideal of the Labor Party. That body has now returned to the Com monwealth Legislature in such force that unless a coalition Government is formed, with the fiscal question sunk in a united endeavor to combat socialism, whatever measures are urged on the Ministry by Mr. Watson and his colleagues may be expected to soon fiud their places on the Statute Books. An Agricultural Arbitra tion Act would do more to accomplish this combination in a short time than any other circumstance. The present situa tion in Australian politics has been caused by more direct personal considerations obscuring the importance of political ques tions in the minds of landholders, how ever, a law which compelled the fanner to leave his crop on the ground with thunder clouds rising in the horizon, which com pelled him to drive his sheep iu the full heat of the summer days instead of in tfcc cool of the evening, which prevented him from burning brakes around his homestead by night (tiie only time they safely can toe burned}, and which coerced his every action, would do more to brush aside political apathy and consolidate those producers who have stakes in the country than all the education in the whole coun trv. Yet assurrdly such will be the case of the present drift of public affairs unless the tendency to drift into socialism be speedily checked. No evidence can be produced to show that the Victorian Factories Act or the New South Wales Arbitration Act has materially altered the condition of any class of the community for the better. In the Mother State the administration is at present troubled with the unemploy ed problem, which lias assumed more threatening proportions since the Arbitra tion Act was applied. But so far no such serious step has been taken as that of com pulsion in the staple industries of agricul tural and pastoral pursuits. Mining is an industry which admits of regularity in working hours. Factory work is much the same. Therefore, whether legislative interference can be applied without di minishing the field for employment de pends solely on whether the profits being .returned on the capital invested cau bear the extra charge put upon it. But such compulsion applied to agriculture threat ens to disorganise the whole industry. It promises to strike at the very root of the country's prosperity. The sole redeeming feature* about the measure is that proving so disastrous in its direct effects, it must speedily bring its own cure, and in thus bringing into prominence its own evils it may serve to show the similar evils of those other socialistic Acts. 