BUBAL TOPICS. Every gleam of sunshine is now welcomed by farmers, who are still in arrears witlf their harvest work. Since last date of writing there have been several days -dur ing which the weather was most favourable for harvest work, and every hour was uti lised in dealing with the cropB still stand ing in the fields. The yields liave been very "seriously interfered with by the remark able character of the weather during the whole of the present summer, and the loss in the aggregate has amounted to bushels per acre. Kot only have the standing crops been damaged, but the bags of grain stacked in the fields have also been injured, while the damage done to grain in the chaff heaped at the headlands has yet to be esti mated. A substantial proportion of the wheat will not be fit for export, and this means a serious monetary loss. When all this is said, however, the worst has been, told. There is abundance of grass every where, and there is no present danger of bush-fires. Homesteads, gvainstacks, and grass paddocks are safe for some time to come, and all water storages are full to overflowing. Every indication points to an other wet season, and if this eventuates there will be prosperity throughout the land. Considerable quantities of grain are now coming forward, and the Railway de partment is doing really good work .in mov ing it to the seaboard. The conference of the Australian Workers' Union decided to ask the Victorian, pastoralists to abolish the daily wage system in favour of a weekly wage for shed labourers. In the event of this not being brought about by correspond- j euce, a conference with the pastoralists j will be asked for. The delay in loading wheat at the Wil liamstown wharves owing to the shortage of vessels is expected to be only temporary. Up to the present the work of shipping the wheat has gone on with remarkable smooth ness. Vessels have promptly taken up the vacant berths, the railways have shown commendable promptness in hauling to the ship's side, and shippers have been able to clear the trucks as rapidly as they have come forward. v Butter shipments from Melbourne by the Ormuz for London consist of 12,389 cases and 42 casks, or a total of 311J tons'. Her shipments from Sydney amount to 13,889 cases, or 347J tons. Last week's mail steamer, the India, took 30 rases from Ade laide, in addition to her Melbourne and Sydney shipments. The total shipments of stored and fresh butter since the last week of June compare with the shipments for the corresponding period of the three previous seasons as follows:— 1900-1. 1901-2. 1902-3. 1903-4.1 From Tons. Tons. Tons. Tons. | Melbourne 11,042 6.822J 1,011} 6,2851 Sydney 3,626 1,725 73 4,960} Adelaide 303 85} „ 1891 llrtebane .. ,. 414 Total 14,931 7,633 1,114} 13,7791] Recently the Minister for Agriculture (Mr. Taverner) received a cable message from the acting Agent-CieneraJ, asking him to send quotations for 2,100 tons of Aus tralian oaten hay, which is required by the Imperial War Office for South Africa. When the requirements of the War Office were made known inquiries were made by prospective shippers as to Hie possibility of obtaining freight at favourable rates to South Africa. It was found that it was practically impossible to secure this, and a vexatious block has occurred in conse quents. It is necessary that the hay should be delivered ready for shipment by Feb ruary _ 14, but one of the farmers' associa tions interested finds, on inquiry from a pro minent Melbourne shipping firm, that the cargo cannot be taken. It is Impossible to procure a vessel elsewhere at profitable rates. The Werribee Farmers' Association has tendered on the basis of freighting a vessel themselves, which would mean a freight charge of from £2/15/ to £3 a ton. which, added to the price of the hay, would put them out of the market. A fair freight charge is considered to be 30/ per ton, but it is impossible to secure shipment at that rate. No Government subsidy is allowed to shippers, and the Agricultural department seems unable to render assistance of a prac tical character. In view of thi importance of this trade, both to South Africa and to Victoria, it is thought that the Government should ao something to induce vessels to take freight. A market could be found in South Africa for nut ay of Victoria's pro ducts, there being a good demand for but ter, cheese, eggs, and flour. It was ascer tained thai 1,80® tons of oaten hay were available at onoe in the Wanr&M; district,, and under favourable condiwoasAa regards flight there should he nodjfltajltyjpiuputf VrlTpvrirv Hr' taining monthly shipment of 1,500 to 2,000 tons. As the season .advances the proportion o£ damaged andhleached wheat arriving at the port is increaBing, and rejection is in con sequence greater. The chief cause of re jection in-damaged grain, owing to the bot toms of the bags getting wet while standing in the field. The men handling the grain at the ship's side, who speak from •practical knowledge, recommend fanners who have grain injured in this way to turn up the Bag," slit the bottom open, remove the damaged grain, and refill the bag with sound wheat, and sew it up neatly. Attention to these details would save hundreds of bags from rejection, and save the farmer from having to take a lower price than the ruling rate tor his grain. Pressure was brought to bear on the Agricultural department some time ago to increase its cold storage accommodation. This the Ministry, after consideration, de termined net to do, holding that private enterprise could be relied upon to meet any extra demand for storage., The depart ment is now finding that not only is this proving to be the case, but that the stores established by private firms are taking away some of its customers. This is being done by nutting the prices charged at the Government stores, and the depart ment points to the fact as showing how un founded were the allegations tliatj.be prices charged by the Government precluded com petition from outside sources. The depart ment, however, appears to have overlooked the point that the fact mentioned also proves the correctness of the statements, often made by peers of the Government stores, that the prices charged were alto gether too high. The Australian wheat standards for the current season are gradually being fixed. The South Australian has been struck at 0141b. per bushel, and New South Wales at 61lb. The suggestion that a second standard should be adopted in the latter state has not been received with favour. There should be only one shipping standard, for if two should be adopted, the inferior would drag the superior down in the market. The Vic torian standard will, it is hoped, be fi$ed> next week, and the oorn trade secj^mof the Chamber of Commerce should^te^ejse: the greatest possible amount of /^'Siabitice from the country to enable it t/hTrivii,at an accurate decision. Mr. L. (I* iLe(tji*; chairman corn trade section, mhkesVa re quest, which may be commended -alkcem, cerned, as follows:— V "JHy I appeal to the Victorian fanteva^ dealers, and shippers of wheat, and ask them to send down at their earliest pos sible convenience, to the (secretary of the Cham ber of Commerce here, samples of wheat from the various districts, as it is most desirable that the f.a.q. standard should now bo made up. "Sew South Wales and South Australia have already fixed their standards, and nothing lias so far been done here. Attempts have been made, but up to the present only 12 samples have been rceivd by the secretary of the Chamber of Coiti The Victorian Railway department is cop ing with the grain traffic of an exceptional season in an energetic manner. On Jan. 28 the maximum number of bags of wheat loaded in any ape day in the history of the department was reached, namely, 67,034. The best record in previous years was 46,000 bags, but this has been beaten several times during the present season. On the same day 10,609 bags of other grain and 2,639 bags of Hour were loaded, while the number of bags ot wheat and other grain stacked at the various rail way stations reached 336,451. Shippers re quisitioned for 1,895 trucks, and 1,881 were loaded, so that the department practically | kept up to requirements in that respect. The number of trucks unloaded at Williams town on the same day (Thursday) was 594. In consequence of their inability to secure ships for immediate loading, Messrs. Dar ling and Son and Messrs.James Bell and Co., two of the largest grain exporting linns, made a request to the Railway Commis sioners on last Saturday morning that the consignment of graintrom country stations to themselves be discontinued for the pre sent. The department will, in these circum stances, not be responsible for a large quan tity of grain remaining in stack in the coun try, instead of being brought to the sea board. As. however, the produce has been sold outright, the farmers will not suffer. The loss, if any, will fall on the exporting firms. The Russian Government is taking very decided action in regard to the butter- mak ing industry. If the authorities named continue to push matters as earnestly as they are doing at present, it will not be many years before Denmark will find a powerful influence at-work in an attempt to oust her from the English butter market. Russia is not hesitating to spend her monev freely to gain her end. Beginning with next year the Government will spend 90,500 roubles a year for extending the dairy in terests of European Russia. Siberia is to receive 77,500 roubles a year for the same purpose. Next year 7,000 roubles are (o be spent in the organising of butter-making societies in Western Siberia. The Govern ment is to establish this coming year special test ing laboratories for dairy work in Euro neon Russia, and for this work 5,000 roubles nave already been appropriated. The Go vernment is taking the right course in the employing of special butter experts and in structors. These men, in addition to their other duties, are organising special courses of instruction in dairying. The world is about to have an illustration of what a great nation can do when it sets itself a commercial task of this kind. The Rus sians are evidently determined to make the most of their great areas of cheap grazing lands. We have already published the quantities of the principal crops of the LTDited States for 1903. A further matter of interest is the valuation of the crops, of which a state ment is also published by the American Government. The basis assumed is the "farm value," which does not include rail way freight or other earniugs of carrying and business transactions. Omitting to bacoo, and making a provisional estimate of the value of the present cotton crop, the figures for 1903 compare with those for 1898, five years ago, and for 1893, 10 yean ago, as follows:— 1803\. J SOS. 1903. £ £ £ Wheat .. (2,634,276 78,564,064 88,604,065 Maize 118,326,125 110,404,685 J 00,573,760 Oats .. «. s, 87,615,218 37,281.072 53,632,333 Bye.. .. ,, „ 2,722,444 2,375,070 3,198,774 Barley .... », 6,745,677 4,612,671 12,033,262 Buckwheat. „ 1,414,690 1,054,292 1,730,146 Potatoes, u ». 21,732,800 15,911,054 80,827,601 Hay .. .. ». 114,176,574 70,212,120 1U,815,876 Cotton 64,805,037 61,003,410 125,000,000 > Total .. « 800,162,701 390,502,547 616,316,217 I A study of these figures is sufficient to in dicate the-true source of American pro sperity, which is baaed oh the successful-de velopment of the natural resources of .the/ country. Bnfi not on merely artificial indus tries, propped up by protection. When the American farmers and cotton-planters •». in mil in iiiiiiiilihi in i siii doing well the country at large shares in the benefit of active trade, hut when agri- > culture Buffers, other industries are affected, and the protected interests afford no com-| pensation. The North Queensland Meat Export Com pany's buildings and machinery, the steamer Naaid, the lighter Sea Nymph, and 7,000 acres of freehold were on Wednesday sold privately for £37,500, to a southern buyer, whose name Tvns not divulged. The "Agricultural World" mentions that the housing of grain was being completed in the Caldbeck and Ireby districts of Cum- ] berland, England, on December 19. Har- j vesting within a week of Christmas is an operation as novel as it is undesirable, and the poor fanner will trust that this year's | record will never be broken. Our London correspondent, under date of | January 29, cables there is an improved; demand for butter. Danish is un changed. New Zealand is selling at 96/ to 97/, and occasionally 98/ per cwt., and Australian at 92/ to 94/. The j shipments of Australian butter per China, which left Melbourne on December 15, and New Zealand butter per Athenic, have ar- ■ rived in excellent condition, and fisbiness is comparatively rare. The cheese market is dull and unchanged. A statement has been made by a corre spondent in the press that at a recent land board, held in a country district, applicants who already had large areas of land were granted new Jilocks. It was said that in one Case one man, the owner of 4,000 acres, was outside the board-room offering to sell his land in small blocks, while his sona were inside applying for new areas. These statements have been brought to the notice of the Minister of Lands and Agriculture (Mr. Taverner), and he lias written to the correspondent in question asking for par ticulars of the board, and where and on what dale it was held. Mr. Taverner Eoints out that he cannot give the land cards any specific instructions in regard to the granting of land to the various ap plicants. The applicants, of course, have a right of appeal to the Minister in all cases. way, however, Mr. Taverner lias dpjqyWiL the land boards to give the pf?fa«d«^^he landless applicants. When the applicaii^'\re farmers' sons, the boards man; /di^ecutonslto inquire as to the area of paptl.heln ljy thf parents, and the number in their fanj ■ - The ]£p^£iouth Wales Minsier of Lands eived a report from Mr. Grant, inspector of conditional purchases at Xyugnn, regarding his tour whilst inspecting the holdings between Bal laudld and Nyngan. The country be tween Hay and Hillston still shows* signs of the prolonged drought. Whilst the other portions of the state participated in the September and January rains, the Gun Lar and Hillston districts did not enjoy sufficient rainfall to produce good crops. The result is that necessitous farmers who ob tained seed wheat from the Government will not be rewarded with payable yields. He estimates tiiat the wheat crops will produce at these places an average of about five bushels to the acre. Passing through Hillston, across the Lacldan River, and thence into the western lands division, Mr. Grant found the country still in a bad condition. On reaching the central lands division. Mr. Grant passed through several pastoral holdings in a flourishing condition as regards grass. In some places, where the drought had been unusually severe, 50 per cent, of the pine scrub bad died. On a few of the runs there were indications of rabbits, but not to a serious extent. What is the best food to produce the best voured pork? This question is just begin r lo lie answered by actual experiments. ("Parmers" Review'') know of no very 1 w- ....... ..... T„ r«... ldusive tests in this country. In Cor ny some tests made seemed to show that Ik-fed swine gave the best flavoured meat, xt to milk stood the cereals as flavour idueers. Barley, onts. peas, and corn all re pork of high quality. With potatoes ; experimenters \vcre not so successful in ting product of high oualiiy. The pork dc was both soft and light in weight, hen it was boiled the shrinkage was con erable. It is rather surprising to learn it the pigs given flour-mill by-products )duoed an inferior meat, poor in flavour, 1 without body. It was yellow in colour, hat the by-products were we do not know, e lot of pigs was fed on oil meals. The ik resulting was loose in texture (flabby), r, and had an unpleasant flavour. Beans re used, in what shape we do not know, e pork produced front them was hard i flavourless, as well as indigestible. One was fed on acorns, and made pork light weight, hard in texture, and generally heal thy in appearance. Wo cannot be •e, however, that (lie same kinds of food I under different conditions would give : same results. "A good slacker always keeps (lie heads of the sheaves well off the ground iu start ing a stack; nevertheless, it is advisable to put dowu a layer of straw, gorse, or scrub to avoid damage front moisture arising from the ground, lit the home country it is con sidered necessary to put the stacks on stands, so that the air may circulate freely underneath, but that plan cannot be adopted unless the grain is always stacked in the farmyard and put on permanent stands. There are still men in the country who pro fess to be able to build safe stacks, but who are not to be trusted to do tlie work unless a coat of thatch can be put ou at once. The number of duffer-stackers," writes "Agricola" in the '"Otago Witness," '"is decreasing. I think, year by year, and young fellows are coming on who under-, stand the tir6t principles of stacking. The greatest weight is in the middle of the stack, and, therefore, that part will sink; most, and allowance must be made for that by keeping the middle higher than ^ the outer part as the stack goes up. It is of no use to put on a high-pitched roof unless every 6henf has the proper slope for run ning oft' the rain. A stack may look safe enough when finished, but the settling down will show whether it is built in the right way throughout. If the butt or stem of the stack is not well-hearted, and the roof ing sheaves have only a slight elope out ward, the settling down will give the sheaves a slope in the wrong direction, and guide water into the stack instead of away from it. A friend in the Waikato -district tells me that they have a very expeditious method of leading in the oats on flic .es tates of the Assets Board. A large net is laid on the bed of the drays or waggons, and ten or a dozen stooka ,at£ forked on to it without any loading. On the dray reach ing the stack, the corners of the net are gathered and placed on the hook of a der rick, wnich is worked by horse-power, and hoists the net and its burden on to the middle of the stack. Long stacks are built requiring three builders and three crows." A very stringent act has been passed in Canada, prohibiting the manufacture, im portation, or aale of margarine, "process butter," and water-saturated butter. A limit of 16 per c-cnt. of water in butter is imposed, and processes of blending by which milk or water is artificially forced into butter are prohibited. The marking of produce not made in a creamery as "creamery butter" is also made unlawful. The number of horses exported from Great Britain during the 11 months ended November 30 was 31,584, against 26,330 lost year. Of these, 17,132' went to Belgium, 8,844 to Holland, 2,254 to France, and 3,351 to other countries. The value was £656,083, against £570,661. The number of horses imported during the same period was 26,401, against 31,442, of which 2,966 came from the United States {against 6,713 last year, and 18,870 in 1901), 409 from Canada, and 23,026 from other countries. The value of the horses imported was £620,783, against £803,936 last year. As an embrocation or liniment for use in dealing with cases of mild coughs, brought on by colds in horses, an experienced vete rinary surgeon recommends equal parts of olive oil, ammonia, and oil of turpentine. This liniment Bbould be briskly rubbed in along the length of the windpipe twice a day. In dealing with cases of this kind very much, of course, depends upon the general treatment given to the animal. The affected horse should be kept in a comfort able loose box, where the atmosphere is not too close, and where the surroundings are scrupulously clean and sweet. It is noticeable that when horses of some of the lighter breeds increase their height quickly they are apt to show a decrease in substance and middles, and this circum stance suggests the possibility of the limit of size having been reached, and that addi tional stature can only be arrived at at the expense of bone and muscle. The prejudice against small-sized stallions which is ex pressed in some quarters has been consider ably discounted by the heights of many of the horses exhibited at the last hackney show in London, as it has been conclusively proved that a "little one. big bred," pro perly crossed, can get as large stock as a bigger sire, and that back breadth has as much to do with substance as inches at the shoulder, provided always that the mares are suited bv their blood for the horse. The need for the exercise of extreme care in stowing wheat-ships has been shown by a recent Board of Trade inquiry into the causes of the loss of the steamer Loch Maree. ln:s vessel had been engaged in the Black Sea grain trade since 1895, and was specially fitted up under the Board of Trade rules for carrying cargoes of wheat in bulk, or rather partly in bulk, for a cer tain proportion in bags lias to be loaded to ensure safety. When in the Mediterranean, when on a voyage from Odessa to Hamburg, the Loch Maree tool; a list, to port during heavy weather, and capsized so suddenly that nine persons lost their lives. The causes of the mishap were two, viz., 1st, improper navigation aud, 2ad!y. neglecr of the Board of Trade rules for stowing grain. None of the grain carried in the 'tween decks was in bags, and part of the cargo was not carefully and properly trimmed. The horse that stumbles should not be whipped for the accident. He may stumble because lie is badly shod. He may have a nervous disorder that occasionally causes him to lore control over one or another part of the nerves that are used in his complicated work of walking, trotting, or running, while pulling a load or holding it back. Whatever may be the cause of his stumbling, whipping the stumbler will be no good. The horse does not stumble for pleasure or through design, stumbling i6 painful to him. Just why lie should be tortured with a whip, alter his whole ner vous and muscular system has been wrenched in a stumble and a struggle to keep his feet no one can tell. The whip ping comes after the accident. The horse does not understand that the stinging lash ing is a warning to him not to stumble again. He regards it merely as an added torture. Some time in the later seventies (says the "Live Stock Journal"), Colonel Miller, of New Jersey, devoted some attention to the American buffalo, and came to the conclu sion that as regards strength that animal was much over rated. An Alderney bull, a yearling, completely beat an old buffalo bull in a trial of strength. In more impor rant mutters, however, he lelt able to give the buffalo a good character; it was quite tameable, and fattened as rapidly as ordi nary beeves on half the food; and though the beef of the wild buffalo was tougli and comparatively tasteless, that of the tamed and fattened beast was as good as the aver age beef sold in the markets. The milk of the buffalo cow was described by Colonel Miller as a little yellower than that of an Alderney cow, but very rich and sweet, yielding more cream than Alderney milk. The hide was worth four times as much as that of the domestic cattle. The buffaloes are said to have herded with the rest of the farjff stock on the best of terms. In enriching skim-milk used for calf-feed ing purposes, by the addition of flax-seed meal, many feeders make the mistake of using for this purpose finely-ground linseed cake. In view of the fact that the best linseed cake contains only irom 12 to 13 per cent, of oil, while tlie whole flax seed contains from 30 to 35 per cent.,it is scarcely necessary to mention that the meal obtained from the ground cake forms a very poor substitute Tor the original "seed." The flax seed may be used either in the form of a meal or in the form of whole seeds. In the north of Ireland, where the practice of using flax seed for this purpose has long been car ried on with much success, the whole seeds are almost everywhere preferred to the meal, and the most experienced feeders there follow the plan of thoroughly boiling the seeds until they become converted into mucilage, in preference to the plan which is sometimes recommended of usiug the dry meal and mixing n few handiuls of it with the milk before loeing fed. 