A BusMire at Branxton. j Our Branxton correspondent, writing on W ednesday , says A very large busbfiro i3 now burning within I two miles of the town. It is believed that the fire | originated in Kirlcton paddocks. A number of « employees wer-? engaged in burning off on Tuesday Tbey evidently paid too much attention to one end of j the fire and whilst ?watcning tnat cne otuer end spread very qnickly and in a Bbort space of time had got beyond control. The ?wind was eo strong and the grass, etc., so dry tbat it was soon realised that serious damage would result. Word was sent into town, and a large number of men went cut, but by the time they reached tbe scene oE the fire it had burnt lar^e areas of grass, timber* and fenciDg. The fire hud, during an hour and a half, burned a distance of ovtr two miles. Starting in Kelman's paddocks, it quickly spread, running through Yeomans', Tulloch's, and R. Osland's, burning everything in its path. Hay stacks, fences, etc., being swept av^ny despite every effort made to save them. At Yeoraans' all the large Btacks were consumed and some of the sheds, and it was only after tremendous fighting that the homestead was saved. Trees were quickly ignited, and miles of fencing totally destroyed. The fire burnt quirkly, through Yeoman's Belford paddocks, on through Tulloch's, and was only checked a few yards from K. Osland's hay stacks and house; so close did it burn to the latter'a house that the sliprails within a few yards were burnt. Turning, it burnt down towards tho edge of tbe creek, and Mr. W. Osland's hill paddock was quickly destroyed. Towards night, furtunatoly, the wind abated, and relays oi: men after 9trenuous efforts succeeded towards morn ing in getting the fire partially under control, but fco-day a strong westerly wind was blowing and the fire j;uint:d headwny. ^T^e town is enveloped in smoke, and the prospects are n t reassuring. L:iter reports to hand thow that every bit of fencing on nearly all the estate's boundary fences, yards, etc., have been totally d stroyed. The flames could be s?tn from the town. Last night the fire presented a^ magnificent but withal & depressing spectacle, seen from the bal conies and even the centre of the town. Numerous trees and fencing were burning fiercely, each suc cessive tree or funue as it was either cut down or : burnt through throwing showers of sparks into the air. Old hands are agreed that this is the worst 1 bush fire ev--r neen iu the district. At mid-day th* i fire bad got: completely beyond control. It is re- | ! ported that? over a hundred head of cattle are miss- 1 jntr — .'whether they have escaped across the river or not cannot be ascertained. The ouclook- ;is- very grave. The fire is burning in a south-easterly direction. ? . 