DISASTROUS BUSHFIRE AT WESTON. IMMENSE DESTRUCTION OF. PROPERTY. LIVE STOCK BURNT. ONE HOMESTEAD. DESTROYED AND NARROW ESCAPES OF OTHERS. Shortly before midday. on Saturday last smoke was seen rising in the direction of Knowsley, and it was soon evident that an extensive bushfire was raging in that, locality, In the afte noon a wire as sent by 7lr H: D. Cromes, to, r Brown,, stationmaster, Knowsley, asking. where the fire was, and whether, assist ance was required. An answer was received to the effect that the fire was within a short distance.of the township and sweeping everything before it,, and to send what help they could. Senior-Constable Millar accompanied by Mr W. C. Robinson, at once pro ceeded to the scene. of the fire. Vehicles were quickly got ready by the Heathcote Hotel, Messrs. A. Debney, W. Watkins, A. Lewis and H. D. Thomas and loaded with resin dents willing to give their assistance, and also a plentiful supply of refresh-. ments. A start for, Knowsley was about to be made when another wire was received to the effect that the wind had changed and the fire had turned back into the forest,, and not to send assistance till further word had been sent. The party, 'consequently, went no. further than the telegraph, office, where it waited for. a time. The fire started, we are informed, on. the Forest Creek, at Weston, on Mr W. Valentine's property, about 6 miles from Knowsley, and is supposed to have been caused by a stump, which it is stated was lighted some weeks ago by someone rabbit trapping, whenthe grass was green. That it was seen to about two or three weeks ago,. and left apparently quite safe. It is now thought that a root of the stump must have been smouldering under the ground, and ignited the grass where it came to the surface. An immense amount of damage was done by the fire, which was most disastrous in its effects, 6000 or 7000 acres of grass, hundreds of acres of valuable timber, a large quantity of cut wood, valued at several hundred pounds, many miles of fencing, a home stead, stables and contents, machinery, and implements, horses, cattle and, sheep) being burnt, and estimated at several thousand pounds in.value. On. Saturday during the hot wind that was blowing from the north the fire was swept across roads and firebreaks, and it is believed, if the wind had; not veered round to the westward and turned the fire into the Crosbie State Forest it would have swept through Knowsley and carried everything be fore it for miles further on through Top Forest, Derrinal, and beyond to the outskirts of Heathcote. Residents from all parts of the district and neighborhood and for miles distant, including residents from Heathcote, assembled at the fire, and worked hard in checking its progress, the task at times being very trying, and severe. Between 200 and 300 men were said to be at work at the fire. On Saturday night the extensive and bright glare of the fire was visible from Heathcote and many miles beyond, and also on some nights subsequent, when the fire was burning in the forest. On Sunday efforts were directed to check ing the fire at roads in the forest. All available watercarts for miles around, including Toolleen, were brought into use, and the leather. firebeaters are said to have been very effective in beat ing out the flames. On Monday. large volumes of smoke were seen to rise.and continue to be carried away by. the wind, and it was thought that there was another outbreak of the fire, and on Monday night the glare was again very bright, but it appeared that the. fire was still confined to the forest. The wind favoring the supposition, it was feared, that the fire might have got away through, into Toolleen, as the fire was making through. the forest in that direction. Careful watch is being. continued to prevent further out breaks. Many properties had very narrow escapes. The following is the list of property-owners, and the losses sustained by them:-Mr W. Valen tine, 200 acres of grass and fencing and. 6 head of cattle; Mr J. Burke, 400. acres grass, timber and fencing, and a draught horse; Mr Bennett, senr., 300 acres grass, timber and fencing, stacks and stables; M'r J. Rooney, 1000 acres, timber and fencing, and about 80 sheep; Mr H. M'Cormack, 300 acres grass, timber and fencing, and a draught horse; Mr J. Hunter, 100 acres of grass, timber and fencing; Mr A. Hunter, 500 acres, grass,, timber and fencing; Mr A. Pritchard, a little. timber in one corner of a paddock. rented by. him, when the wind changed and took the fire back; Mrs E; Eyans, 1000 acres grass, timber and fencing, and narrow escape of house, the con tents being carried outside;, Mr J. M'Neil, sent., house and all contents; Mr J. Bennett, junr,, 300,acres grass, wood and fencing, stacks, stables and barn; Mr J.. O'fSullivan, 300 acres grass, timber and fencing; Mr J. Foy, 250 acres grass, timber and fencing; Mrs W. Aylett, junr., 320 acres grass, timber and fencing; Mrs Kerr, about 260 acres grass, fencing and timber, and narrow escape of house. the fire burning np to the cow bail ;'Me.?s ~' A. and G. M'Roert, 1000 acres grass :timber and fencing. The fire on Tuesday was still burning in the Crosbie State Forest. We take the following from a. lengthy report relative to the fire in" the "Bendigo Advertiser" of yester day :-" So far as can be ascertained, the conflagration first broke out in Mr P. M. O'Dwyer's holding,, to the north-. east of A xedale. Here nearly 400. acres of grass were consumed; also. about two miles of'fencing, as well as, close on 200 tons of cut firewood. It then entered Messrs. J. Burke's and Courtenay's pa~docks, to the south-. east, spreading dire destruction in its train. Mr Burl:e had 100 bags of wheat standing in a newly-stripped paddock,. and thiqking that it would not be safe in the dry stubble, he had it carted to an adjoining paddock, which, was thought to be safe. The fire,, however,, came. up and burnt the edges. of the stubble,, and then veered round: to the paddock where. the wheat had;; been placed, and despite all effortsthe. grain was destroyed. Further on, the. fire reached Messrs, M'Cormick's and Rooney's paddocks, which were com pletely. burnt out. The former. had close on. 900 acres. of grass and t miles of fencing burnt. A horse al perished, in t' flames. At - Rooncy'o almost every -blade, in hi) grass paddocks c6mprjsing 900 acres' was destroyed, together, with about three. miles of fencing. Mr Rooney also states that £200 or £300 worth of, firewood in the.paddocks has also been burnt to ashes, and he is to all-intents and purposes ruined. The. fire also went through Messrs, Girl, Peiper and Lqamperd's. properties, but destroyed comparatively little grass.. From there driven by a high wind, it, travelled, down in the direction of Knowsley, through Messrs. T. Burke's, J. Ben-. nett's, senr.,_ and Sexton's properties.. Mr Burke lost about 200 acres of grass: andi a stack of. straw, and Mr Bennett. was a very heavy loser. The flames, actually came up to the. door of his, homestead, destroying the garden. round the. house. The stable,, out-. houses, and three stacks of hay also. fell victims to the devouring element,_ and it was only after determined and. continued efforts by a number of neigh-. bors that the residence.itself was sayed Three hundred acres of grass were also swept away, From here the flame. travelled through another paddock: of Mr Rqoney's, which was laid bare, through Sextco's andlM'Neill's, up to White's. Mr R. M'Neill, who is a man well advanced; in years, has a small holding of about 30 acres, upon which. he.resides in a. two-roomed house. He was in Bendigo at the time, and.whent he reached home he found his house. and all its contents in ashes. Several{ neighbors, had worked determinedly to, save, but the. intense. heat of the ad vancing flames drove them back, and they were unable to save even a stick: of furniture. Upon reaching White's property,: about two miles from Knowsley, the. wind. veered round and carried the flames up. through Mrs. E Evans's, property. At one time it was thought.. that a large standing wheat crop be longing to.. Mr 'White' would be.. destroyed, but with the assistance of a large body of workers the flames were beaten back. The fire passed to.. the north and east of Mrs Evans's residence, great diffiqulty. being ex perienced in saving the house and, surroundings. About 400 acres of: grass were destroyed here, and the. fire. then veered round and passed! back in a north- easterly direction to, the north of its previous track, sweep-. ing through O'Dwyers, J. Hunter's, and on to,another part of:Mrs.Evans'sI property, where 600 acres of grass were destroyed. A stable was also. burned to the ground. Mr Hunter's residence was in imminent danger, but with strenuous efforts it, was saved, although 400 acres of grass were lost. Mr A. Hunter also.lost over 300 acres of grass. The fire next spread; through Messrs. Wmin. and J. Bennetts, junr., Kerr's, and Foy's properties. Mr J. Bennett lost about 300 acres of grass, two stacks of straw, and a great, quantity of valuable timber. In Foy's paddock Mr Braiser, of:Bendigo, also had, a large amount of cut firewood destroyed. Mrs Kerr lost two miles of fening and about 260 avres of grass. Travelling in a north-easterly direction, the fire entered Messrs. P. Bourke's Harinrgton's, Worcesters and Pieper's paddocks. The first-men tioned was a, sufferer to the extent of about 640 aqres of grass and four. miles of fencing are also in ashes. Furtlhr on Mr M'Ro bert and Mrs W; G. Alyett were. very heavy sufferers. The first mentioned lost 800 acre of grass and a quantity of valuable. timber, four. niiles of fencing being also badly. damaged. Mrs Aylett, whois a widow. suffered severely. Si X hundred and twenty acres of grass were devouired, and four miles of feecing completely, destroyed. After leaving.. the latter. property the.fire entered the,. Toolleen State Forest, and here it was go, under:. control on Sunday. evening." 