Local & General Mews. Lady Ses, wife of the State Premier, is seriously ill. ? Mr. A. J. Balfour, the British Premier, has recovered from bis re cent illness. The will of the late Mr. V. J Dowlicg, of Lite, Mudgee, has been valued at £47,120. '' We are p'eased to be able to say i hat Mr. Higgens, warder at the local Hospital, is mccb better, there having been a considerable improvement during the past few days. The meetings of 'Elijah' Dowie at the Town -Hall, on Sunday, were very largely attended, but beyond that do not appear to have been a great success. Large numbers attended from curiosity, and the ' profit' was subjected to a good deal of interruption of a humorous nature from the ' un believers.' In Sydney on Saturday M»\ Dowie repeated his claim to be the reincarna tion of Elijah, telling the audience, when a ripple of laughter followed, that the matter ought not to be lightly treated. Referring to politicians, Mr. Dowie said : ' Don't talk to me about them ! They're like cards; the more you shuffle them the dirtier they get '' Cheap Excursion. — The Railway De partment are running special cheap ex cursion train to Sydney on Tuesday, Feb. 23,affording an opportunity to wit ness the fourth test cricket match which commences on Friday, February 26 The fares will be at the rate of lid per mile first class andi Id pei mfle socond class, and tickets will be avail able for return within one ca'endar month. Wool. — Winchcombe, Carson, and Coy., Ltd., report :— The feeling that war between Russia and Japan was imminent has caused a rather easier feeling in the Sydney wool market. Cables are coming through from Europe indicating that business is affected by the same cause. So far the decline is only felt in the case of inferior wools and heavy un skirted parcels, other grades continue to hold their own in the Sydney market. Our next sale is fixed for Thursday, i8th inst. School of Arts.— A meeting of the Committee was held on Tuesday evening, the Rev. P. Norman (Vice President) being in the chair ; there being also present — Messrs. N. F. and J. G. Asser. D. Cameron fStc ), J. D. Stafford, G. 0. Brown, R Bel', A- E. Berman, and A. Smith. A letter, from Mr. Price, of 'Quirindi. was read, asking for the terms for the use of a room for a shorthand class, which he was endeavoring to form in Scone. On the motion of Mr. Sherwood, seconded by Mr. Brown, the charge was fixed at 2s 6d per night. Mr. Sherwood intro duced tne matter of purchasing new books for the Library, and suggested that instead of the Library Com mittee spending, say, £20, in a lump sum, as had been the practice in the past, cney\De allowed to purchase new books whenever they thought desirable, so long as the sum spent did not exceed the sum stated in the year. This would enable them to make purchases of works ac »!,--„ came out. On the motion' of Mr Sherwood, seconded by JW.r. Smith, the Committee were authorised to spend at the rate of 30s per month in new books. Marram Grass.— According 10 Mr. W. Bennett (Minister in charge of the Forestry Branch), the experimental plantation oF marram grass established at Sandiingham some years ugo, is proving a success. An area' of 10 H-;res of sand drift was selected as an experiment. Considerable difficulty was experienced iu obtaining a supply :of marram roots for this plantation, but eventually a cargo was imported from Port Fairy, Victoria, and planted put. For a year or two the grass made very little progress, and at one time it was- feared the experiment would be a failure, but after last sea son's abundant rainfall the roots, which have so long lain dorment in the sand, commenced tovsprout vigorously, and the whole area is now fairly well covered with this grass, and the plantation lias every promise of being a' success. This valuable grass .was first introduced to Australia by the late Baron Von Mueller, its econoniio value being primarily to prevent the drift of sand in wind-swept and ex posed conditions. It is extremely hardy, and has also some value as fodder. Extensive areas of sand dune in different parts of the world have been reclaimed by its cultivation, Plague has re-appeared in Brisbane, several casos being reported. An old resident of tho Quirindi dis trict, Mr. Jas. Bcggs, died on Friduy evening last. Weather forecast, 4 p.m. to-day :- Wurra and unsettled, followed by tnuudei-Etorms in various - districts; some squalls inland. ' Arbu'ration Court. — Mr. Cameron, au. officer under the Arbitration Act, was in town to-day, inquiring amongst somo of our tradesmen as 1(9 the observance of the law in Scone. There appears to be a strong feeling in England, France, Germany, and the United StateB not to interfere in the struggle between Russia and Japan, mid a strict neutrality is being ob served. Military.— Genoral Finn will in spect No. 1 squadrou of the Glh Regi ment of tho Australian Light Horse it MnsweMbrook on Saturday, 27th inst. ^e trust members of the local troops will prepare well and not fail to be present at the inspection. TnE appointment cf Mr. J. H. M \bbott as London correspondent of the Sydney Daily Telegraph is caused by Mr. L. J. Brient, who has been Acting in that capacity, joining the utaffof the Morning Chronicle. Mr. Brient was formerly editor of, the city daily, and t!*e appointment of Mr. Abbott to succeed him in such an im portant post iu London must be re garded as a tribute to bis' ability. ? Referring to prolific lambing, of which instances hare been referred to pretty often since tho break up of the drought, wo are informed that Mr. F. W. Barwick, of Sparkes Creek, has a merino ewe tbat in Jnne last gave birth to twinB, both of which she reared, and they are now woll-erowo lambs.: .Last week, he found the same ewe with another pair. Another ewe that bad a Iamb in Jane, he fonnd last week with triplets. Two were alive and one dead, although the three were fully developed. If there are many cases like these, our depleted pastures will so be repopulated. Railway to Merriwa. — The Pub lic Works Committee sat at Mus wellbrook last week, and took evidence regarding the proposal to construct a branch line to Merriwa. From the questions asked the wit nesses, it would appear that there was a strong feeling amongst mem bers of .the committee that Scone would be the most suitable starting point. Scone could certainly make out a very strong claim if we liked to put it lorward. The distance to Merriwa is several miles shorter than from Muswellbiook, there is no Hunter to bridge, and there are no engineering difficulties. But one of the witnesses (Mr. M'Intyre) told the committee that the land between scone and Merriwa was not as good as between Muswellbrook and Mer riwa We doubt very much whether Mr.- M'Intyre has travelled over the country between Scone and Merriwa, and if he has, whether he is a com petent authority on the subject, cood though he may be on others nearer him. ' We question if ?' Ih'ere is better land, and more of it, between Muswellbrook and Merriwa than is to be found on the estates of Ridgelands, The Cuen, Grampian Hills, ' 'Gundebri, Milgarra, and Brindley Park, not to mention the many smaller properties a line from Scone to Merriwa would traverse. The statement that the Segenhce sub-division is going back to its old state — into the bands of the graziers — is hardly in accordance with fact, either. If wj only had the Segenhoe dairy cheques since the breaking up of the.drought, we might have a trip to — well, Japan, and have a look at the war. Bush'Fires. — From many parts of the country reports of bush firi-s, some of serious nature, have been coming to baud during tbo pa^t few days. Our own- district has not escaped. For several days, fires had been burning auouc me neaa or tne Middiebrook, witbont, apparently, making much progress, or, so far as we could learn, doing any great amount of harm ; but on Friday, during the heavy wind that prevailed, the devouring element invaded Sparkes and Keirnan'ts creeks. and the vicinity of the Upper Dart brook, and devastated a large arc- a of country thereabout. The black thistle, which grow luxuriantly during the wet season, is now. with its. flnfF almost as inflammable as gunpowder. The fire started in this at the heads, of the creeks named, and carried forward by tte wind, an eye-witness tells us that an army could not have checked it. All efforts were directed to saving stock and the homesteads. The greatest snfferer, we hear, was Mr. Jas. Barwick, who was burnt' right out, so far as grass is concerned, and lost a great deal of fencing. , The homestead, however, was saved, and there was very little, if any, loss of stock. Mr. Geo. Vine, Mr. Thos. Scbrytnmpf, and Messrs. Goodmap, had nearly tho whole of their places swept by the fire, as also was a por tion of Woodlands (Mr. H. A. Doyle's). The damage wonld have bepn much greater but for tho wind changing The* loss is mostly in gruss and fenc ing, but all day Friday and Satur day, the whole neighborhood had a most anxious time battling with the fire and looking after their homes and stock, their experience on those days bsing one that is fortunately very rare A good quantity of grass has been destroyed 011 Mount Pleasant (Mr. Flynn's), ? on the Middlebrook. and about the head of Dry Creek. A large area of country about what is known as Sandy Flat, in the vicinity of Dry Creek, was swept by the fuo on Friday and Saturday, and gavo tho people residing about there ranch labor and anxiety. Tho grass is in places still too greon to burn, and tho fire followed tho course of the thistles, In such places, there is still Homo feed left for the stock ; but some of the small properties on the Upper Dart brook have little or no grass left, and the fencing has been dest oyed as well. Should rain not coruo pood, we mcy expect to hoar of conflagrations of a Btill moro extensive cburuoteiv Mr Want is taking a very active part in the Reform movemont, though he says ho will not outer the House. He says ho would vote for a Labor man himsolf, bat not a man who would allow his conscience, liberty of thongbt, and action, to bo shackled by tho cauens. The will of tho late Mr. Vincent J Dowling, of Lne, near Mudgee, has been proved at £47,000. By a codicil to his will tho testntor appointed Willoughby Vincent Dowlinc, grazier, of Lue, Richard Halifax Dangar, of Nootsfield, and Colin Campbell Stephen, solicitor, of Sydnby, as exe cntnrs und trustees of his estate, also guardians of his infant childron. Trial Bat as p prison, and the works at the breakwater, have been aban doned, after an expenditure of £160.000. The first work was started in 1877, and the prison entablisned in 1886\. A recent report estimated that, at the rate of proareps the work has ieen carried on at, it would take /4 'ears to complete it. at a cost of learly half a million. Hence the lecision to give np the work. Sam Jones was a strict teatotaler. Doe day he was terriblv troubled with a twitchy eye. He went into a restaurant for a bottle of* lemonade. ? Phe waitress tcok the twitch for a wink, and bronght a brandy and lemonade. Sam thought be never; tasted better lemooado, and called for another. ' Just the same ? as before, sir?' 'Just theBame, ' his eye eivine another twitch. Sara got three lemonades. When be got 'up to go bis best friends wonldn't have known him. Extraordinary interest is being manifested at Dungog in the applica tion for land on Main Creek, made available for sattlement. Over 70 applications for five blocks were re ceived laBt -week, and there was a prospect for many more during tbe next few days.-- Applications come from Gresford, Allynbrook, Strond, and the surrounding districts. The land for. settlement on Main Orenk is tour miles trom JJnngog, is adapted for farming and grazing, and will afford splendid homes. Considerable retrenchment is taking placo in the Public WorkB Depart ment owing to the stoppage of public works. From 200 to 300 'temporary'. L-anos nave oeeo n'.tiii-ri that their services will not be required for the present, and that their work will be done by the permanent staff. The announcement has caused much con sternation amongst the .nnfortnnats officials affected. An honorary Minister terms it ' lopping the dead wood' from the Department. 1HE steamor Ayrshire, which arrived at Adelaide from Sonth Africa on Saturday afternoon, had the whole of her accommodation taken np. Her steerage was ocenpied solely by dis appointed Australian artisans and labourero. They stated it was utterly moot in South Africa. In almost; eyery instance preference was given! to American and. English workmen,' who were ponring into the country by hundreds every week; Hundreds of people, principally Australians, were wandering about the streets, and looking for a ' chance to return to their own land. The question _ of enconraging immigration was among those con sidered by the Federal Government and the Treasurers' Conference during tbe week. Mr. James, tbo Premier of West Australia, pointed out that the population of Australia had increased in 20 years between 1880 and 1900, from 2,125,000 to 3.750,000; and in ten years, from 1891 to 1901, by 590,000. If it had not been for the 8402 immigrants there would, in the decade, have been an actnal emigration of 4000 of the natural increase. Ho suggested tbat joint action should be adopted to establish a central organisa tion iu London under the control of the Federal Government, and each Stnte shonld appuint paid special ageDts. Ho emphasised the need for dealing with the question as an Australian one, and not as one iu which any State was specially interested. Scandinavia sbcnld cer tainly bo worked, he urged, for there were no better immigrants thau the Swedes, Norwegians, and tho Danes, Germany, Franco and Northern Italy should be attacked, more particularly having regard to the great, possibility of tho wine and fruit industry. In every State the cost of the central organisation could be paid for ou a population basis, or by each State iV proportions. 