MY BROTHER GREGORY FOR THE NEWSLETTERS BY F. J. BROOMFIELD My brother Gregory Told me to leave everything to him; he would not trouble me with paltry details All that I had to do was to carry on my campaign as a general in command of an army Gregory acted as my private secretary, my facto- tum, my henchman and general rouse- about. He engaged halls for me; inter- viewed prospective chairmen; looked after landlords of hotels; answered my letters; arranged my meetings; superin- in tended my eating and drinking; stoked the newspaper reporters; arranged my notes and hunted up my facts and figures; saw that the glass and water bottle were always on the table; that the lighting was adequate; and that the harmless but necessary prize fighter and barracker was at his post; he even wrote my speeches and superintended the adminis- tration of my nerve tonics. I really do not know what I should have done with out my brother Gregory, I certainly owed my seat to him, and I was grateful. Gregory's noble, generous, self-sacri- ficing offices did not end with my elec- toral campaign. He told me that noth- ing would content him till I was Premier of the country. To secure that end should be the aim of his life. Gregory did see me Premier of the country; but it was a long process, and I am confident that I should have failed a dozen times in my ascent to power had it not been for my brother's kindly and heartening persistence. As it was I am afraid I sometimes grew heartily sick of the game, and longed for nothing so much as retirement within the four walls of my study, and the company of my precious books. I am by nature a student, a bookworm, a dreamer. Of course, under Gregory's whip and constant spur I did remarkably well as a public man. I am told that I am handsome of feature; distinguished in bearing; eloquent, witty, convincing and authoritative in speech and in man ner. But Montaigne was ever dearer to me than Erskine May; the Lost Tales of Miletus and the Sybilline Oracles than the bound volumes of ' Votes and Proceedings ' or the Reports of Royal Commissions on bye products and waste lands. Nevertheless, Gregory pulled me across deserts of official ennui, over sierras of departmental difficulties, through oceans of Cabinet cabals. Firstly, I made a name for myself as a capital speaker and a debater on behalf of my party, a consistent supporter, a colossal stonewaller, a constant attendant who could always be depended upon. It was a crushing criticism of my own (compiled and written by my brother Gregory) that carried my party into power. I was sent for by the Governor, on the defeat of the existing Administra- tion. I gracefully waived my own claims, and recommended the acknow- ledged chief of the Opposition for the task of forming a new Ministry. Acting under Gregory's advice, I declined office, but promised the new leader my support. He boggled along for a fort- night; and then fell in a Sedan of ruin. The former Premier was sent for, but failed to gather together a team, the members of which were strong enough in the affections of their consti- tuents to dare face the ordeal of re elec- tion. Chaos reigned! I was again summoned to the vice-regal presence, and this time I accepted his Excellency's commission. Of course I succeeded; it was all Gregory's happy manipulation of the logic of political events which placed me securely in the seat of the mighty. In those days, too, a Premier was a Pre- mier. His power and his glory were not over-shadowed, or even demi-semi- par- tially eclipsed by the Prime Minister of a bumptious and hydrocephelous Com- monwealth I had arrived, thanks to my brother Gregory, and I knew it. Yes, I knew it; notwithstanding my yearnings for clois- tered libraries and bookish crypts and manuscripted chests and caskets and strong-rooms Farewell, the happy gloom of beloved folios, the sanctified musti- ness of faded parchments; and the holy and ecstatic odour of mystic-charactered, albeit decaying, documents of centuried fascination. I felt that I was power per- sonified, and that an invisible nimbus of God-given authority encircled brows cast in the mould of Solon, of Lycurgus, of Justinian — of anybody and everybody deity-driven to rule mankind, and frame the laws of nations. In my new-found elation I almost forgot that it was all Gregory's doing; and frequently found myself in my spare time reading the lives of Napoleon Bonaparte, of William Pitt, Daniel O'Connell, and Henry Parkes. I, too, felt that I was a man of heroic breed, a statesman by right divine, an uncrowned sovereign of the multi-headed people. Yet Gregory, the unacknowledged wire-puller, the under ground engineer, was the only magician in the matter. He was the miracle worker— and about this time I almost forgot it. I was brought back to earth with a vengeance. I met Agnes ! ' Agnes,' I believe, is a word which signifies purity, chasity, immuaculateness. With Agnes I fell immediately in love— and suffered accordingly. From an emulator of the great statesmen of all the ages, a Bismarck in the making, I fell to the pusilanimous estate of a veritable out cast and social pariah. My self-absement was proportionate to my self- exaltation. My unworthiness was greater than I could bear. It took my brother Gre- gory all his time, all his energy, all his resource, all his own intense personal conviction of my essential greatness and nobility of character, to prevent me from selling all I had, giving it to the poor, and vanishing to parts unknown, amid the storm which a popular premier's abrupt dissipation of his varied rainbow tints would occasion. Gregory implored me to be strong for the sake of my country. Such a catastrophe, he said, he himself would not even attempt to survive. This steadied me. I enlisted Gregory in my cause. I, like a second Miles Standish, commissioned him, like a second John Alden, to stand as proxy for myself in all my insistent and clamorous wooing. I pleaded pres- sure of political duties. It was a lie, and Gregory knew it, but like the unselfish and devoted brother he had always hitherto proved himself, he undertook the vicarious duty, and broke for me the brunt of the onslaught as it were, My excessive nervousness gradually wore off on the continual assurances from my brother of sweet appreciation that I had in the dear eyes of my adorable lady. Plucking a large heart of grace, I ventured to take up the thread of my own wooing, and soon flat- tered myself that I was forwarding my cause of amorousness most marvellously, In all my love affairs, as in all my affairs political and commercial, Gregory was my constant adviser, never-failing friend and counsellor, my incomparable fidus Achates. Never shall I forget my first meeting with Agnes. It was a dream, a vision, a consecrated idyll. She was the only child of the Hon. Ralph Caldwell, M.LC, one of my most earnest and thorough going supporters in the Upper House. He had invited me to renew my health at his mountain property in the neighbouring colony of Victoria; and I had accepted: Caldwell was a very wealthy man. He had interests of all sorts in every one of the Australian capitals— mining, banking, commercial, wool- brooking, what-not. He was an extensive squatter in Queensland, in New South Wales, in Victoria; he had farms to the north and south, to the east and west. He bred horses, and he bred cattle In Western Australia his timber getters cut jarrah; on the Richmond River they cut cedar; in the Great Divide of Victoria they cut messmate He was ubiquitous. It had been a year of terrible drought MIDDLE HARBOUR, PORT JACKSON, in the eastern and northern colonies, so not to one of his stations did the Hon. Caldwell go for surcease of city heat in the burning summer months; but in stead to southern ' Boonderal,' where one of his many steam sawmills rested in the tree- clad mountains. My trip by train from Melbourne, along the main trunk, and thence by the branch line, was wearisome and warm to satiety. It was very fatiguing, and the sur.'s heat was helped by smoke and haze to right and left of the railway line. It was a blistering day in the height of summer— a summer to be reckoned with even in this elevated region; and not even Gregory's constant attention and solicitude could make the journey other than a penance. However, the longest journey must have an ending, and the slowest train must come to its destina- tion sometime or other; and we, like travellers before and since, came to ours. Then things grew somewhat merrier. We had still some ten miles of a drive before us; but there at the station was waiting a gorgeous turnout, uniting the most serviceable characteristics both of a coach and a waggonette, and drawn by six spanking horses, with a coachman away up on a box in front, with a sort of fugleman seated by him to advise with, and to leap down and open gates. LISMORE. 1\. Lismore. 2. Richmond River. 2. Meroni Creek Falls. 4. A Pioneer's Home in the Big Scrub. 5- Clearing Scrub Land. 6. Cooper's Creek. Our party numbered six, of whom Cald- well, Gregory and myself were three. The others were good men and true, and did their duty after their kind, so of them enough. Crack ! went our driver's whip, and away we dashed, rolling along the dusty mountain road, with many a jolt and jump, in a cloud of gaseous copper, smitten into fiery haze by the glow of the westering sun. Never shall I forget that drive The feller's axe rang and thudded through the forest that fledged the hills, and made distant music with a thousand echoes. At intervals was heard the thunder and crash of falling trees, and always the mournful, persistent note of a bullock's bell, as though from a con vent far away. As we grew nearer to the, as yet, hidden saw-mill, the thick air was shaken by the brutal whirr of the 'circular' or the heavy, grating rasp of the ' vertical '—saws whose names explain their shapes and functions. Drawing momently yet nearer, the hot hours were punctuated by the ' ching and 'chang' of crow-bars and iron 'dogs,' and the sharp rattle of log chains. The engines could be heard snorting and panting laboriously, Bul- lock teams strained at their task in clouds ot coppery dust and haze of shredded bark, torn from the 'corduroied ' road way ; and the poor, panting beasts were exhorted vehemently by rousing oaths and by whip-cracks cruelly sharp as pistol-shots. It was a dim-red day of bush-fires and swelter — smoke every where; heat rising from the earth like a burnt sacrifice to the sun, and the sky quivering as with fumes from a smelting pot. Now we were at the great gates on the hill-top. The fugleman leapt from his box-seat, and hurled them back with a mighty clang, and we poured down the sloping road 'mid a fiery photosphere as of Persepolisian triumph. Down to the long, white, rambling homestead we swept — the cool- looking homestead, with its green trellised verandahs, surrounded by flowers, and flanked by outhouses, stables, and offices; and even my unac- customed eyes could see that expecta- tion reigned supreme. There was the trim housekeeper, bristling with all the vehemence the heat would permit, wield ing perspiring authority over a battalion of excited satellites. The poultry-yard had probably been decimated in her suf- focating zeal, the stores ransacked, and fruit and flower gardens raided and robbed of their choicest to do the stranger honour. No doubt, too, Bashan herds of fatted calves had been slaughtered, and hecatombs of sheep and swine sent to the shambles, to feed six sun-surfeited travellers. As we drew up to the inner gate (of what in my ignorance I term the court yard) at a more leisurely and sober pace, a pleasant sight fell on my heat-dimmed vision with the sweet delightfulness of a benediction. There was a tall, graceful, golden- headed girl, and again and again she flitted through the homestead's open door, out upon the trellised verandah, a poetic dream in white muslin. She was the Hon Caldwell's only child, and the heiress of his mighty wealth— but this I was to know hereafter. For the pre- sent I could easily see that she was no daughter of the Australian bush, but a fashionably-educated city girl, engaged for a brief season in playing wood- nymph. Afterwards I found her to be surpassingly beautiful, accomplished be- yond cavil, charming, brilliant, bewilder- ing, adorable— and I fell irrevocably in love with her on first sight. So abashed was I, however; so suddenly smitten with a sense of my own short comings, that to win her appeared to be a task of appalling hopelessness. Never- theless, perhaps as a consequence of that very hopelessness I cherished all the determination to succeed bred of despair. Then it was that I envied my brother Gregory. I have said some kind things about myself — about my features and my figure. Gregory was to me as Hype- rion to a satyr. I was a self- effacing man compelled to assert himself by the circumstances of his position. Gregory was a man of consummate assurance who voluntarily effaced himself; who asserted himself only in my interests, on my behalf. We were twins; but our Faery God-mother had not made per- fect moiety of her gifts. He was the favourite of fortune, by a hair's breadth only perhaps, but still the favourite, in every good and perfect gift. Of all things, seniority only was mine — a doubtful advantage, as I should grow old fifteen minutes sooner than he. Curi- ously, too, the subtle sympathy — the identity of likes and dislikes, of loves and hates— said to be characteristic of twins, was unknown in our case To my studiousness, Gregory opposed his athleticism; yet his was the stronger, more masterful brain, the more domi- nant personality. I used to think that his self-effacement on my behalf grew out of a stern determination on his part to equalise our varied gifts and personal attributes. Out on the verandah, down to the trel- lised porch, with its mantle of woodbine, Agnes Caldwell swam to us with the gliding gracefulness of a naiad. Ours was the reception accorded by the citi- zens of a capital to returning conquerors. The evening dinner was a princely ban- quet. The night was filled with the music of the fair Agnes' voice, with the music of the fair Agnes' piano, and with glorious, exotic duets which she and my brother Gregory sang together— for Gregory's voice was a baritone of singu- lar beauty. I sang, in the mood purely obliging and complaisant, for I have no musical illusion about myself; something written for a brawling basso, and fared, I fear, somewhat indifferently. Through the open French windows, dulled by the mosquito blinds, one could watch the bush fires glowing sullenly along the ridges ; and I felt a newly born passion for my lovely hostess burning in my bosom in sympathy with them. After a night which was a dream, our host escorted us to our rooms, and left us to sleep. Sleep I There was no sleep pos- sible for me, though I was worn out with the day's mingled fatigue and excite- ment. Read I could not. Through and through my heart and my brain passed every emotion I had felt during that night of trembling, hopeless ecstasy. I did not even undress; but, lighting a cigar, I sought my brother Gregory's room. Like myself, he had not retired, but sat at an open window, smoking, and looking out into the night. ' Gregory,' I said, ' Move her !' ' I know,' he replied, 'and you shall win her. Trust to me. There has never yet been anything you haven't achieved with my help.'* The last three words fell on my mind like a blow in the face. It was the de- claration of a master who played the rdle of servant. He seemed to appreciate my feeling, for be said, more softly, ' Trust me, Aubrey, she shall be yours. We have never failed, you and I, when we have put our heads together, Good night.' I was dismissed; I, the Premier of a great State— but the premier of Greg- ory's creation. Moreover, I was so in- fatuated with my host's beautiful daugh- ter that Gregory's words elated me; I returned to my room, went to bed , and slept; yes, actually slept the sound un- troubled sleep of the just or the guilty callous. I must describe briefly this brother Gregory of mine. I am considered par- ticularly good-looking; he was undeni- ably handsome— handsome in a stately style, and he wore his clothes with the ease with which the heir to a throne wears a coronet. His manners were per fect, but somewhat distant. He acted as one who knew absolutely the value of every one of his advantages. He would measure a man with a coldly ap- praising eye, and abash the boldest. He was tall, with dark, aquiline features, almost black hair, beard and moustaches; broad-shouldered, athletic, well, but splendidly set-up. He had a perfect charm of manner when he was pleased to exercise it; and he invariably exer- cised it on my behalf. The morning, succeeding our arrival, I pleaded public business, and sought Caldwell's study or office (call it what you will, he called it both), under the pretence of going through certain papers which I had hitherto reserved for more extended leisure. Truth to tell, a riding party had been planned to visit the ' lions ' of the district ; but I felt too miserably love-sick and nervous to ac- company it. In the presence of my lovely Dulcinea I was perpetually los- ing my self-control. I stayed at home on that day: and on other days of simi- lar sort. But Gregory laid adroit siege to my lady on my behalf, and my courage grew gradually stronger. By- and-bye. I was wooing on my own behalf; thus doth custom make bravos of as all. Then came a grand ball to celebrate the visit to boonderal of the Premier of a neighbouring colony. On that night I took my fate in both hands, and asked Agnes to be my wife. . . . That night, or rather morning, when I went to my room, the very mosquitoes were putting up songs of praise to my mis- tress' eyebrows, aye, veritable epithala- miums in honour of a day to be; and crowing chanticleer was a silver-tonguing trumpeter, welcoming as a herald of bridals the guests to the marriage feast. * * * Agnes and I had been man and wife for some five years. During that time I had once faced the dread ordeal of a dis- solution; and, with Gregory's aid, had brought my party back to power. Now, I was again in the throes of a general election; and I was fighting an uphill fight. Gregory was the life and heart and soul and brain of the campaign — from behind the curtain; and be was confident of victory. Nay, more, he inspired me with confidence. Under Gregory's influence I could feel invul- nerable. Was I happy ? I did not know. My life was one of fierce warfare. Custom had grown about me a thick hide of cal- lousness to wounds. More: the life of Parliament was necessary to me now. I felt that no more would a life of studious, bookish ease content me. Gre- gory had done his work well, I was a politician (if not a statesman) to the very finger-tips. But was I happy ? Was my married life a happy one ? Honestly, I do not believe it was. Agnes and I rarely saw each other in our waking hours. I was wedded to the ' House.' But, then, she had my brother Gregory to amuse her, to take her to balls, to garden parties, to make afternoon calls, to take her to the theatre and the con- cert hall. She was rich, beautiful, re- spected, the wife of the Premier, a leader of society, a queen by the divine right of her regal loveliness. For my part, home wearied me; society bored me; in the world of politics I found my true, my only breatheable metier. * * * It was the night of the general elec- tion. The returns were pouring in from the north, from the south, from the east, from the west. The streets were thronged with a struggling, suffocating crowd; the KEMBLA PASS, ILLAWARRA. hoardings outside the newspaper offices were red and black with names and figures. My own seat was safe ! So far, I had secured a majority for my Minis- try; but not a moiety of the returns were sufficiently complete to warrant an an- nouncement of victory. As yet, such a step would have been premature. Gre- gory and several members of my com- mittee were with me, waiting for the psychological moment, when a young man whom I employed as a semi-private secretary, came into the room. He was visibly excited, but that caused me no concern, as the sympathetic enthusi- asm which simply buzzed and hummed around us would account for it. But he was greatly troubled; and as he drew near I saw his face was white and twitching. 'What is the matter, Ormond ?' I enquired. ' Mrs. Drummond, sir, persisted in driving to the railway station through this awful crowd. The horses took fright. I engaged a cab, and followed; but the coachman managed to get the horses in hand before the station was reached. Mrs. Drummond saw me as I leapt out of the cab, and beckoned. When I went to the carriage door, she asked me to help her out. She sent me to purchase a first-class ticket through to Brisbane. And then she said, 'You need not wait, Mr. Ormond. You can help me with my luggage, and then go to Mr. Drummond. Give him this ! I intended to post it; but there is no need now ;' and Mrs. Drummond gave me this letter for you, sir !' I snatched it eagerly. I had, then, no time to notice the curious look on the young man's face; but, I remembered it afterwards. I broke the envelope with trembling fingers. It was a short note, and read : — ' Good-bye, Aubrey. We should never have been married I am not your wife. Your wife is your party, your Premier- ship. Perhaps I ought not to blame you; but, oh, Aubrey, you are more a stranger to me now than you were five years ago at dear old 'Boonderal.' I thought once that you loved me; but it was for such a brief moment I am only your prisoner, in a cage of gold it is true; but still, your prisoner. I can bear it no longer. To-night you may be again a triumphant leader of men; but it is your very certainty of triumph that infuriates me, because it makes me feel how small a part I play in your crowded life; how little necessary I am to your happiness — Agnes.' I clapped a hand to my throbbing brow. The note from Agnes fluttered to the floor. Gregory, stooping, picked it up. A tremendous cheer came through the open windows from the street. 'We. have won!' said Gregory, hoarsely. ' What the h-----does that matter ? ' I thundered. 'Hush!' Gregory answered. ''You must stay here! You must speak! You must give thanks to the people for re- turning your Ministry to power ! I will follow and trace Agnes. I will bring her back to you. You will be happy yet. You shall be happy yet '_ And he was gone. Yes, such was his magnetic, astounding power over me, that I felt at once at rest. How I managed to address the mighty crowd in the surging street; how I managed to speak to the people with any coherency, I know not But I certainly trusted my brother Gregory implicitly to do as he had said. I felt that the first-class ticket, taken for my wife by Ormond, to Brisbane, was in- tended only as a blind ; and I felt, also, that Gregory knew this. I did not go MACQUARIE PASS. to bed all through that night. I went, instead, to my club— and waited. * * * The crash was one of the biggest that had ever taken place in the railway his- tory of Australia. It was the passenger train from Melbourne that collided with a goods train, the engine driver of which had been either drunk, or had else gone mad. It was the third day of Gregory's absence. He was one of the victims; he and — my wife. They were found, locked in each other's arms, cold in the embrace of death ' Faithful Gregory, I mused, even in that supreme moment of danger his only thought was to guard my Agnes with his own body. * * * No! I did not leave Parliament! I did not leave Parliament even when, some years afterwards, I found that Agnes' elopement had long been plan- ned. The discovery was a matter of pure accident. In reading, reverently enough, some entries in the dead man's diary, I chanced upon the story of his love, self- confessed, for his beautiful sister-in-law. It dated from that first night at Boonderal. The bush fires of passion had been lit, too, in his strong heart. How far were they guilty? I cannot tell: But this I know; I would not leave Parliament, granting every- thing (and I did not grant everything), for such desertion could not please My Brother Gregory. 