[?] SETTLERS' NOTES. At a {iifblio m«;eting lickl at Albury recently it was decided to establish a fire 'brigade of 100 strong io cope with bash fires. Tlie 'Darling Downs aro being rapidly opened for closer settlement. Since the cutting up of the big estates selectors from Victoria and New Zealand are establishing themselves in agricultural and dairying pursuits. Some fodder -crops in the Moruya district badly suffering from rnst'have -|!iitoT7-ecovored through the late rains. Potatoes rhnve suf iei'tiil from the fly i)est, which completely stri»i)ed the stalks. The codlin moth is. ])lay ing havoc with tli-- apple and pear crops, there being -very few trees unaffected. jMcssrs. Price .Brothers report from London under date November -I: — 'The excessive ship ments of Australian wineb in 1902 reducer! those of .last year, but there is no falling off in the public; demand, which appears to in crease steadily, and ^e a re 'pleased to see that the quality *of wines - sent shows a steady im provement.' The following amended regulation -has been approved with regard to the introduction into New South Wales of the carcases of stock slaughtered in Queensland : — 'The carcases of stock slaughtered at any slaughter-house in Queensland within 50 miles ol the border and west of a point between White Swamp and Killarnoy, where the j\lain Dividing Range strikes the border, or any portion of such carcases may be introduced into this State.' Jt is a fine sight (writes our travelling re presentative) to see the huge herds of cattle in Northern Queensland making for the South. In twodays I saw three herds of cattle (1000 in oacli herd) and two flocks of sheep total ling 40,000. This lot was being moved to Southern markets. In the Gulf country, it is stated, there are thousands of cattle running wild, unbranded, and of prime quality. The tropical North is specially adapted to the raising of big herds. Messrs. Bacon and Co. sold conjointly with Messrs. Garvan and Consents, Messrs. Simpson .Brothers.' Telba Estate, t near Carroll, Liver pool Plains, comprising 12,725 acres of free hold and c. -p. lands, 5249 sheep and lambs, 24 horses, 20 head of -.cattle, furniture, plant, ?and crops. The land was sold at £2 10s per acre on a freehold basis, and the sheep realised dE-i-J30 J6s 6d.. The horses, cattle, iurnitnre, plant, and crops were given in. The total net amount of the purchase money was £31, 050 18s 7d, Mr. J. S. Vickery' being the buyer. The Minister .for Lands has arranged to have a considerable area of land thrown open for selection each week during next January, either .as homestead selections or settlement leases. All the necessary arrangements have been completed, and the areas made available for selection during the first two weeks of next January have already been gazetted. The following table shows the times when the lands, will bo open for selection and the area available.: — When available ~ aGies. On January 7 . ..',„...-... 14.0,828 , J -On* January 14 ? ,-. -210,382 ' On January 21 ? 139,904 On January 28 ? 125,071 '. Total-/- ? ;. ? -622,845 The banana industry' is,' assuming big pro portions .in North Queensland. During all the months ,of._.the _y@ar the fruit is exported 'ito^rSouthetn'!' markets,' '-'anil every Southern 'bouncl -.s'teamer carries her -full complement. ? TheTtrade is mostly controlled by the Chinese, who employ, at times^white^men to do their work. The ..Chinese are exceptionally close as regards money, and living, as they do, on foods grown by themselves, the white residents of the North benefit 'little by the yellow man. Ihe time should bo close at hand when all decent white-folk should set their faces against such undesirable rabble and -make this a white man's country, Tommy Tanna is more desirable as a. citizen than the Chinese, and a visit to the ' North would make a sensible l^uropean swesir never to do business with a Chinaman again. The Minister for Agriculture has received a report from JMr. J. \B. Suttor, the New South Wales Commercial Agent in the East, written from Manila, in which he forwards copies of specifications for '6,600,0001bs. of frozen fresh beef, and 480,0001bs. of best frozen mutton, required by the United States in Manila. Mr. Suttor writes : — 'I cannot get any reliable information as to freights, but am informed that, rates ranging from '12s 6dJto'20s ^ar ton, and that insurance is from 2J per cent, to .3\ per cent, for frozen 'roducts. 'New South Wales meat stands in very high .repute at Manila.. Only the other (lay 'his 'Excellency the Governor -spoke in the. highest 'terms of our 'products. If 'New 'South Wales can -only ^ manage to obtain .the next contract it ,will * give 'us a good footing in Manila)' 'Tenders will be. opened on March 19 next and should be addressed to Colonel Henry S. Shnrpc, 'A.C:G., 'U.S. Army Chief Commissary, Manila, .P.I. The Minister for Agriculture has received a cable from Mr. Suttor, Commercial Agent for this State at Kobe, Japan, reading as follows: — 'Wheat. — Wanted quotations, c.i.f., for 1000 tons, January-February shipment. Cable immediately. Send samples by post.' Mr. J. B. Suttor has written to the Minister for Agriculture in regard to tho trade of Port Darwin. Tic says that while travelling north ho called at this port, and while there could not but help remarking the special steps that were .being .made by the -various Australian States to capture the northern trade. 'The mining industry of tho Northern Territory kid a very hopeful outlook, and tho South Aus tralian Government intended shortly starting a rcverberatory smelting works at the Daly River. Port Darwin was therefore likely to become in future a very important mining centre, and even at the present time -it-should not be neglected, and an endeavour should be made to introduce New South Wales products. Mr. Suttor noted that large consignments of buffalo hides were being consigned from Port Darwin to Hongkong, and thence on to Eng land and America. .Mr. Suttor cannot see why New South Wales tanners should allow such, hides to be exported, there being no bet ter, hides* obtainable, if properly tajined. Special conditions have been enacted under which residents on the border of New South Wales and Queensland, between the Conda niine and Maryland Crossings, may cross and reoross horses. It is announced by the Min ister for Mines and Agriculture, as the '-admin- istrator of (ho Stock Act, that the inhabitants of towns or districts in this State who are now, in the conduct of their business, in the habit of crossing and recrossing their horses over the border at a proclaimed crossing-place, may cross and recro.ss their .horse's over the ?border, between an inclusive of Condamine and Maryland crossings, .into Queensland for a period of -four days without inspection and dinping or smearing on condition that the animals are in actual work, arc inspected and found free from infection, are registered with the stock inspector, and are dipped or smeared to the satisfaction of the inspector. Should tho horses remain in Queensland more than 48 hours they will he readmitted when accom panied 'by a certificate, and are dipped or smeared before re-entering this State. Mr. V. W. A. Downes, of Canada, who has strongly urged the growth of the gramma as a feed for stock, recently communicated with tho principal of the Hawkesbury Agricultural College on the subject. The matter was referred to Mr. G. L. Sutton, the experimen talist, who reported : — ''The gramma is grown largely 'here for stock food. On the farm a large area was planted last year, and on the experimental plots eight acres were sown. We find them good drought-resisters and ex cellent food for all classes of stock. . Many people prefer' them to the other pumpkins as vegetables. We have not used them exten sively as sheep feed, as the dairy and piggery can utilize all that can be grown here. There is no doubt that :the crop would be excellent for feeding to sheep. They may justly be called the Australian turnip, for they are fitted to take the same place in Australian flgrffJUltllVfl that the turnip holds in -British farm praetice. Mr. Potts, in a covering let ter, s.ffid -he would be glad to receive, for experimental purposes, a quantity of the va riety of gramma cultivated by Mr. Downes. An important conference of butter and cheesemen was recently held ,at Montreal (Canada), at which the following resolutions were agreed to: — 'finest creamery- .''butter shall be butter made in a creamery under the system known as the centrifugal or sepa rator nrocess; flavour shall be. sweet, clean, and fresh ; body good and uniform, and not loose-made or watery; must contain less than 16 per cent, of moisture to conform to the law in England ; colour fine and uniform, should be straw- coloured or pale, but not white or lardy ; salt, there must not be over 3 ner cent., unless by special arrangement; package, boxes must be strong, well-made of well-seasoned wood, properly paraffined,-: of a uniform capacity of 5811), clean, and in good condition for shinning; tubs must be strong, neat, and of uniform size. Pure vegetable parchment paper of not less than 401b. to the roam must be used for lining all packages.' At tho mooting it was pointed out that 5Glb. boxes -were found to be the most profitable, and enabled retailers to cut their 'butter-much- more neatly. Grading of butter was also re- ; f erred to, but was not regarded as desirable, as the No. 1 of to-day might be No.: 2 .next week. In regard to cheese tiie following yjoints were laid down: — Flavour clean and pure; body clo«e, good, and well cured ;ytex- turo. silkv, solid, and meaty; finish, .good . shape, and fairly uniform in size, neat in finish, with good rinds and clean surface; boxes must be strong and close fitting. 