Death of Jlr. E. Ingram. ANOTHER X'lUAUJitt UONU. I Universal regret will he expressed throughout the district by the news of the death of' another pidjueer, in the person of Mr. lulwarU ingrain, of Book Book. I he information oi the sad occurrence, which tool: place at Wnvcrley, bvduey, on Tuesday night, was, received in Wagga by his scyi, Mr. Frank Ingram, and by Mr. Ji. M. Baylis, an old Irienri of Jir.' nigrum^, and was contained in a Uriel telegram, presumably troiu .Hiss ingrain,: stating "leather died last night front heart attack.'' M ho news was entirely un e.\|>eeted, inasinuoli as Hie deceased had apparently been in good health, and as late as -Monday lust was seen by -Mr.: H. W. Donnolly, who was then in Sydney, and -who states that Mr. Ingram then seemed to bo in splendid heulth and . excellent spirits. ; Since the destruction of Hook, liook home stead by the distrous. bush-fires in January last, .Mr. Ingrain, w*ith Mrs. Ingram aiut. their three unmarried daughters,, hud been residing in Dallby street, Wayerley, but, it is understood) intended: to return to Book.Book upon, the. completion of the re-erection o,f the residence there. The. lire in ques tion naturally, eauscd Mr. lugram great anxiety. The homestead and its . surroundings formed, a perfect; pic ture,, and its destruction, Rafter so many years of residence in it, ap peared to be taken by Mr. lng'ram as a severance with old associations. Some three or four years ago '31 r. In gram strained his leg while crossing a gutter, and as a result of this acci: dent,' he for some ; time suffered sonitj inconvenience and pain.' The liate Mr. .Edward Ingram was a colonist of very sterling type, arid the high position, lie achieved as a wool-' grower was the sequence of his great activity of mind and body, combined with a native and trained intelligence of a high superior order. Bom in | ISnijlnnu. Mr. Inornin was 70 years of! age. lie was educated at Christ's .Hospital—-the famous Bluecoai School —in London, and for some period his younger days followed the pro fession ; of the sea, having ;undergone u course of study ' in navigation, as-; trouomy, and kindred subjects, in which.hu muintuined his keen interest for many years. Arriving in Aus-. trnlia while yet a young mail, the at-! tractions of a pastoral, iife. overcame those of the ocean, and he entered upon pastoral pursuits. : For some years he was engaged in this work at Walla Walla antf KU IShyuh . Stations,' •and about M. rears ago/took up land at Book Hook. lo this lie added from time to time until' now i ho holding has an area of considerably over iO.OOO acres, adequately 'stocked with sheep; of the . finest- breeds, for as a Mock; master and judge of sheep Mr. Ingram occupied a very , high pl«cct His wool always realised' excellent prices in the Melbourne market, -{aiid lie bought the highest classes of stud rams, his purchases in this direction in latler years being principally of Vermonts. Mr., Ingram did not go in for cultivation largely, but was a great believer in the growing of Bur nett grass for sheep, which he had great faith in as, a fattener of -mutton for the winter market. Mr. Ingram was a man of considerable reading, and he was certainly well informed upon pastoral matters. He was an extremely handy man, and was an ex-! pert in . saddlery - and ear{>ontery, which stood him'in good stead in his profession as a pasloralist. No clearer indication of his mechanical genius is required than was afforded by .an in spection of Book Book homesteac he fore its destruction. The house it self was old-fashioned but most com fortable, and the surroundings wore beautiful in the extreme. lie posses sed and tt*)k great pride in his ex-. flower garden and-, fruit or •hich he irriffatedfeby. an ad-: ""'JiWfl »»»«.•« I. and carried out; under his: supervision.. Ho constriicicd' reservoirs in the hills ad joining. and always luvd a good sup ply of water. The garden was at. that time- one of the most beautiful spots imaginable. Mr. Jngram was a most methodical mail; and kept re cords, of his business transactions ; for uiauy years back, so that lie could tell in ' a moment what price his wool rea lised 25 years back, and what was the average wool-growing value of all his extensive flocks. The great interest Mr. Ingram dis played in pastoral matters was do-' monstrated by his enthusiastic parti eiphtion in the affairs of tho>Murrum bidjjec Pastoral and Agricultural As sociation, of which he was President at the-time of his death. Although not one of tho original founders of the "Association—who included Messrs. T..AV,: Hammond, Alexander Davidson, G.'P. Wilson. Henry Baylis. nnd John l.eitch—Mr. Ingram was still one of' •its oldest surviving members. So much were.; the affairs of the Associa tion to his heart that in IS.S4 he accepted the ollice of President for one year, and upon the death, in 1S99,; of Mr. T. W. Hammond, then Presi dent, Mr. Inirram was elected to suc ceed him. He hns 'occupied the oflicc ever since, having been re-elected re cently with the accompaniment of many expressions of appreciation of his valuable .services. Mr. Ingram was also a director of the, Murrumbidgw Cooperative Mill. Ho. was many, years ago appointed to the Commis sion of the Peace, and for a lontr period also was u. member of the lr\cal Licensing Bench, from which he subse quently retired. The deceased gentleman leaves a widow and eipht surviving children. Mrs. Ingram is a daucrhter of the! late^Mr. William Henry Mackenzie, and! a sister of Mr. F. II, Mackenzie/ M.L.A, for Canterbury. There ""were = four sons and six daughters, but one; son. lxfmnrd. died about throe years ago, and one. daughter.. I.nura Kmmu.' died about nine years ago. The souk, are.:—Mr. Francis Edward Ingram. Mr. ^Cuthbort TCdward Ingram, and; Mr. Thomas Henry Ingram ; anr the daughters areMiss Agnes Ingram. Miss Florence Boonuru Ingram. Miss Ruby Ingram, and two other daugh-, tern. Jane and Hilda, who are mar ui'd. I ho (let-eased gentleman had also three , brothers and one sister, vi/... Mr. IhonuiK Ingram. who was an1 inspect or of .the-'Hank of Australasia;: Mr. .OMvuId Ingrain. of Grong Grotig ; Mr. Fred.. Ingram,-.and Mi's. MacJccn-. zie. of Hondi. whn&fe.husband; was a cousin of Mrs.- Ingram. Ah showing; the severity and ccleritv of the bushlire which causcd the de struction of Bonk. Book Homestead, it may be mentioned. that Mr. .Ingram' anticipated . that the green hedge winch surrounded the garden would prevent the Hamcs approaching the howse. hut the, lire leaped this barrier i and. consumed. everything in Us way. i I hi;, destruction .of the buildings .was so.speedy that;Mr. lucrum had no time to save anything ljut his che(|Uu hook, and. upon coining into town had to purchase new hoots and tlolhing. nil at titles of wearing apparel except thoM.» worn by the. occupants of thq housr. having been consumed, . ' ! , H is not .-known, whore the funeral will take place, but Mr. Frank In gram, who proceeded to Sydney last evening, believes it will be in Sydney. It may be mentioned that it was the late -Mr;. Ingram's intention to/hnv<i left Sydney last night upon a visit to »ugga. ._ .. j 