BUSH-FIRE FIGHTING IN I THE WEST. « — There was grass on every part of the run. Along the ridges at the back the barley grass rose higher than the fence ; its tassels of seed withered and dried in the sun were ready to fall in clusters on the wandering sheep, and penetrate tn flip flooli A Inner the frnn faces to wv w"v - r— 0 — the creeks and -the-Lachlan River tbe crowfoot, corkscrew, and winter grasses were higher still, and on the stock route a drover one day cut a sheaf of wild oats that measured 7ft lin from root to tassel. - The inhabitant whose memory takes him back to the days when the world was supposed to have been wider," could not recall a year when grass was so luxuriantly abundant on the Lachlan, nor recollect a winter when the rains had been so beneficial. It seemed as though Nature, in compensation for her harshness of barren years before, had lavished all the blessings of proli- ficness and plenty on the smiling land. The countryside was a paradise to the pa8toralist, where grass was concerned, but the opposite where grass seed was concerned. A. few weeks after the commence j ment of the wind, those withering j dry i westerlies, born on the desert stretches somewhere in the "Further- Back-Yet" country, the grass lost its greeny hue, and began to droop. The Cape weed felt' the new influence first, folding up its leaves like the Arabs their tents, and vanishing. The stronger grasses became dry at the tops, though the body and roots were green and strong. . It was about this time that mention became . frequen t of bush fires, .. and speculation was freely jn.ade as to. how they were going to be checked once started. . "The whole countryside will go," said the people, "the grass is so long." But there was another factor. Years of drought decimated limitless- areas of pine seaub, withering and kill ing these strongly-growing trees till the wastes were desolate, gaunt ghosts of Nature. Ruthless winds of sudden and potent fury, once a cyclone, then, a whirlwind tore through the stretches of funeral pines, snapping limbs, iipr rooting trees, twisting, contorting, and stripping defiant boles, and piling the land with ruin. Pitiless summers dried them to tinder, and their resinous fibres were fit food and sustenance for the devouring flames. Then orders went round that care be exercised. Country folk smiled ; they knew. The phosphorus poison for rabbits, strewn promiscuously round, starts innumerable fires. A broken bottle in a traveller's camp is a source of danger when the sun is glaring, One afternoon I saw a mob of bullocks walk out of a gullj, and a bush fire start under their very feet. We found that some one had dropped a box of matches there, and a beast, treading on a match head, ignited it, onaof flka r»nnflo.ofrnfinri rrninff I remember once burning off on a coastal farm, and a notchy old boxtree was fired. The roots, extended under the ground, under a crop that was coming :np, but we covered the hole and let the fire smoulder. One root found the surface 60ft away, and two months after we lost the crop, with a fire that started from this root. Careless swagmea leaving a camp fire half extinguished have set many a countryside in flames, while the thoughtless action of a smoker has often been responsible for dreadful devastation. But tbe worst evil, the most difficult to combat, the cunningest to circumvent, it the foolish farmer or pastoralist who seizes upon the driest time as that most opportune for burn ing off his property, and forthwith starts a fire, guarding the flames alone, or perhaps with inadequate assistance. In 99 oases out of 100 the fire gets beyond control, and the neighbourhood for miles arouud suffers in consequence of his carelessness. . Another for tunately uncommon, origin of a bush, fire is the malicious incendiary, who, to satisfy some imagined grievance,' shows "old Blank ho ain't the boss of the whole district," by firing his run, Our run wone of many along the Lachlan that was clothed with an ab normal garment of herbage, and we were apprehensive and vigilant, though we imagined somewhat our efforts were but a poor attempt to outwit the in evitable After a month of dry weather our fears were intensified and we rose one morning to behold the landscape enveloped in a canopy of smoke, the pungent odor of which betokened the proximity of the conflagration. Mingled with the acrid smell of the burning herbage was the fragrant scent of burn- 1 ing pine, while the wind that bore these breaths upon us was warm and dry. The fight had come. The methods of fighting and checking bush fires are multifarious. On the coastal districts where close settlement is the general order, organisation and concentrated effort can work wonders. Large bodies of men can work easily and systemati cally with green bushes and wet bags, and burn breaks from farm to farm that would check any fire. But in these western districts where settlement is sparse, where areas are enormous, and : where unoccupied, unimproved Crown lands outnumber in acres the ocoupied paces, the task of the settler Ja heart A fire will start- on the run. It is 12; miles to tbe nearest neighbor, and half, a day ten thousand acres oLgi ass are destroyed. The -farmer starts a - break from his crop, and works m ith an ingenious contrivance lo subdue the flames around the precious patch. A 400-gallon tank is placed in a spring cart, filled with water from the dam, and a semi-rotary pump with hose at tachment jorms the fire - fighter. A horse attached to the . .cart is driven, along the line where the break is to run from, the grass i« damped and the fire burnsbaek from this. More scientific 5 farmers form breaks round their crops by- a simpler means. The wheat cut for hay, instead of coming from one corner of the paddock is taken off a 25fb strip round the crop. Ibis space is disced or ploughed, and an effective and almost impassable break ds formed. In the Derriwang and North Condo bolin districts the modus operandi of the bush fire brigades is worthy of emulation. When an outbreak of fire is noticed, every member of the corps immediately ceases private employ ment, and repairs with celerity to a pre- deoided rendezvous. Here the captains and vice- captains formulate plans of action, and the lire is fought with all practicable system. These men fight fires, fight them with bushes, wet bags water, and fire. The water tank ia the most effective extinguisher, and even it can only be used in burning breaks. On Burrawang station, the Messrs Edols have perhaps the most effective and complete fire-fighting appliances in Australia. A huge American road-former throws up an earth break, while innumerable water tanks and pumps complete the impedi menta of the corps. Their effective ness was proved a few weeks ago, when the Derriwang crops and the Burrawang grass was saved. .We had none of these appliances, but we were armed with an abound ing faith in our own resources. When we learned that the fire was on our run, we knew that to rush pelL mell to fight it was madness. Our 30,000 acres muBt go, but the crop, the house, tbe wool shed, and the sheep in the yards must be saved at all hazards. I rode out to see how far away the fire was, and I soon knew. Two miles from the advancing mass of flames the heat was intense. Volumes of yellow-grey smoke rolled over the plain lifee billows of the ocean, a choking, impenetrable, heaving veil over the. country, Half a mile away the heat was unen durable. A" dull roaring, like the moan ing of Some untamable monster in the agonies of death, resounded on all sides. Lurid flames, thirty feet high, leaped into the air licking the tops of. the myalls, withering the shady wilgas, and blasting the pine and box. On- " ward sped the flames, nothing human being capable . of stemming their fearful progress. The grass dry, and the pine | scrub dried, flared and smoked, and a gale from tbe west drove 'the fire to the Vininoct-.onri fit-.vilron animolo n-P flio bush rushed away in bewildered confu sion. A mob of sorry-looking kangaroos fled precipitatel y across the plain , folio w. ing a dozen half-scorched emus. Birds flow through the smoke, Bnd, choked with the fumes, span round like-" hit " snipe, and sank. into tbe grass to be con sumed. No need to spur- my stock horse, no need to urge him across tbe plain to the homestead. Here began the battle, Every hand on the plaoe was out : the shed hands, the cook, the girls, and even the anaemic book keeper. Watering cans and- buckets, wet bags and pepper tree boughs were our aims, and around the station build ings and yards we started our break. How we fought to keep those flames under. It seemed as though all the demons of the bush had conspired to ruin us. Savage attacks were made on that thin creeping, line of fire that wriggled and crawled between Us, in spite of heroic efforts. Our throats were parched, our hands blackened, our hair and eyebrows singed,' yet we must save the house, and we fought on, A picket fence at the end of the -garden ' helped us, and we turned the line towards the yards and the wool shed. The stupid, smoke-dazed sheep and stock behind the rails protested piteoualy as penned beastB do, but stood, stilll in fear. We trailed the flames to the old well, then past the wool shtd, past the yard, — past the corner of the wheat crop, and — let -it go on to the next man. We had : fought like tigers, and then we watched the two fires meet. The gale bore down the approaching fire at . a tremendous rate, and our break fire g with a firm hold burned fiercely back against the wind. The two conflagra tions met in a swirl of heat and smoke, a blinding cloud of luridness ascended and sank again. The fire was suddenly checked in front, but the sides swept by like a field of fast-galloping horses with gaudy-jacketed riders, . _Break8 are the only things, and meet ing fire with fire, the only means of saving the country. With the vast areas of unoccupied Crown lands in this, the Condobolin district, and the phenomenal growth of grass and pine - thereon, it is imperative that the farmers should take some precautionary measures, for the areas that come uu-® scathed through' the ordeals of these months will fare ill in the withering '.winds. or January and February, and the destruction an|ji devastation that will certainly follow outbreaks then, oiUti be U 