Heat Waves and Saab fires. HE New Year has ushered in (so far s Australia is concerned) a succession f heat waves and bush fires. In con nection with the latter, <vhich have been most severe in the Eastern States, many heartrending stories could, no I doubt, J UL be U. furnished to tn the (Ho man M<in m 111 j search of " copy for his paper. The unfortunate selector, struggling to make a home—the prosperous farmer with a fat balance to his credit at the bank— have been alike visited by this familiar Australian bugbear. From a spectacular point of view the bush-fire in full swing is a magnificent sight and—- especially in heavily timbered country I onceseen,never to be forgotten. Thejf rush and roar—the great trees falling I and crashing, and the circles of flame I like fiery serpents leaping furiously I up wards. But the after-effects—how j sad, how desolate it all is. Ruined I homesteads—and a blackened land- I scape which was but a few days before I so fair. And how did it all happen ? Perchance a swagman camped by the j roadside on a hot sweltering day had I carelessly dropped a match in the long I grass. How a fire originates, how ever, is rarely if ever ascertained. | Side by side with the bush-fires we have | had the heat waves with a vengeance, | and in our own part of the world a fair share of the prevailing weather has been allotted us. One result of the! severe heat is that the rabbits have been dying in thousands. The rabbit may be, as a rule, described as a] moderate drinker, but the severe heat has demoralised the little animal in that respect, with the result that immoderate drinking has been killing him off. It is not too much to say that the wild birds have, in P^ces, I been observed to drop dead from the. What it must be like put Back, where, a correspondent in the Never Never country informs us, many of tne 1 waterholes are half fuU of dead rabbits, is best left to the reader's imagination. I It seems unreasonably cruel that unfortunate birds and animals shoulds have I to suffer such torture as a succession of! heat waves entails, but it is evidently | useless to pry into these matters and 1 ask the reason Whj ? If, as has been 1 stated by residents in Port Ajjgusta J and district who have observed the j weather indications for years past, a j wet winter will follow on an unusually 1 hot summer, all the better for us even-1 tually. That is. Of course, looking at 1 the matter from a somewhat selfish standpoint. Still we are entitled to a! favorable winter season, and we are 1 quite prepared to fac$ iRore heat waves provided such a result as we have ppoken of, follows. 