7r i«u-^ Semi-Religious Meeting. TjlB semi religious meotirifr inaugurated by the heads of the various local churches for the purpose of establishing, a fund in Tenterfield to assist those people who have suffered by the recent devastating bush fires Ithroughouttlio.fitato, was held ic the School of Arts hall on Wednesday even ins. ■ The attendance was only fair. His Worship the "Mayor. (Aid. T. AI. Walker) presided, and others on the platform wero the Eev. H. G: Hmith (Christ Church), the Rny. E. E. Crosby. B.A. (Methodisl), the Hov. W. H. McCook (Presbyterian), and the Rev. George Campbell ((/resident, of the Congregational Union of Now South Wales). Mrs. D. A. Piko presided at the organ. " - , Proceedings commenced with a hymn, followed by prayer by the " Rev. G. Campbell. - . The Mayor then announced apologie? for nbsenco from Lieutenant, HoBking (Salvation ..Army) through illness, und from Mr. j. H. Ileid, who was away at Tent Hill. Ho said they had met there at the invitation of tho Churches, and to show practical sympathy with those who had suffered by tho bush "fires in other parts. Whilst they in Tenterfield had been wishing each other a JJnppy New Yoar, their fel'owmen in othor parts were fighting the -fires .and" in.-somo cases being burnt out.of their homes. He considered the reports, that there was no distress wera a greatiiiistakd.' -Tho polico reports,' ha thought, these statement! CJme from. There woro Bcoros of places in Now England a.id other parts, where, like Tenterfield, there had been no dis-. trass, but ho thought they would find by newspaper roports that stock, pastures, homesteads, etc., had been, devastated. Ono Insurance Society—tho Norwich Union, ha thought-had found itsibill in connection with thoso fires to bo£I50,000, lint that would go for the most part to tho rich men and not to tho small selectors. Ho was glad to seo tho nutter taken up so warmly in tho City, and ho was snro tho people of this land would heartily re spond to tho cull, and think of thcirsuffer ing brothers and sisters/' It was statoil in ono report that moro depredation bad been caused by these fires than could have been tho caso by an invading enemy in-a largo camoaign. The collection that ovon inu .would not bo very hrgc, but bo knew thero were others whs would liko to help. Lists would bo forwarded to him ia a few days, and tliey would be glad to recoivo donations to holp to swell tho contribu tion from this district, which could be handed to any of thj Ministers, tho Council Clerk, or himself. A hymn was then followed by tho lesson, which was read, from tho I3th Chapter of St. Paul's first opistlo to tho Corinthians, in tho revised reversion, by tho Rev. W. H. -T/Iia was friDawnd J>«- 3~>ii^r'fiyrlin. ■ Th« Bev. 11. G. Smith then addressed tho meeting. lie based his remarks on tho 13th Chapter of St Paul's opistlo to tho Bomans, 10th verse—" liovo is tho fulfilling of tho law." They wero told in ihe'Biblt that" God is Lovo," and in the Orat part of tho Old Testamenl that" Man ismadoir. tho imigo of God.'' When they saw. the light, the rain, the dew, etc., Jhey said there must bo some source from twhich thbsb things , camp,' an'J ho ask.ed who was .that 'uourco but-God>-.bitnsolf 1 They saw lovo in. the imago of God, in humanity; and in mankind, to ;a'greater or -feier extent.; Qhb.ottlio grahdest hope®. tiwSW^-Wo' "waa - Gp'a—ijovior -'What were tTre^do'ngvthat-!.ni^ht ?.; To_ what Dumb,;Asylum^5>tte^.',Why,-to^theLor'd^ ,'J08US .Christ...\WhatT^^o^'gD:^yiSim lherfetHit,;uight 7S;It5^s fove^vhich wis thpkoynoteandtoavlliyKof all;C(iriBtian ife^brotlibrly -i lovo and lbvo of God. Tlieyhiidmi'tatCrinrch'laatiiunJayand aKowodtbeirlove'tb'God'byworflhippiiig ;him; andtboywerctherb that 'night; to showjtheir-lovo to their fellbwmen. They knew, tbesbpeoplo. had fluffore'Ji'nndthore woiild suroly bo something dono'through but tbo whble'Stato to relieve them/; The newspapers^, contained -reports ::jof the damage-inflicted, and - surelythey: know what they were publishing. Thero wero somo who had lost their'-all—homesteads, stock, paoiurea, -. Wheriover anything! hap psne'd in ono district or. locality - it was pleasing to .find;that:there: wero those in other parts who wero al ways ready to help_themi proving,that they were triade in the imago of .God; He concluded his re marks: by - : thanking Master Stephen Crabbo for:delivering: handbills concern ing that meeting, y ■ , After tho hymn " Jesu, Lover of My Soul,'' \- The Kov. E. E. Orbsl y said he also had been turning his mind to a law which ho would take for his text - "Bear ye one another's burdens, and.so fulfil tho law of Christ.1 It was the Galatians to whom St. Paul hadnddressed this command. It was all very well for Professor Gordon and others to show off their strength, but in so doing they did not . help others. St. Paul told the Galatians not to do this, but to UBe their strength in helping others. It was no credit to a religious community like this to riae to the-occasion with its sympathy with its fellow.men, because it was the law of God, but there wis another aud a meaner reason—they did not know when they would want help themselves Everybody was in sympathy with the sufferers, but by police reports they would think these fires had been tbo greatest blessing that had over happened, and that It ^as V8raud tbin8 to get; burnt out. Notice ttie police^ roports ; Armidale, Drake, Tentorfield—tbcse were all included in the reports. Nothing had beeu heard of fires hero, so why publiah them ? Theu Bourko was also included, but the onjy report from thero was that there was uotli ing to burn. Thero wore Inumbers of people in the-Stato who did not know there had beeu no Bros In these places, and who read.tho reports that thewr. was uo distress in these particular districts.'These people, though sympathetic, would retain their subscriptions until they thought there was more need for them. These, repotts should lmve been withhold. Police roports were published on the 7th, 8th, and Oth, but wore dated about the 3rd, 4tli, oud 6tb while the fires were still burning and bo! tore it was possible to ascertain the damace done. Ibe police wero iu too great a fUu^"i ^JleJrea'est lire was undoubtedly at Walgett, Tumut, Adelong, and there abouts, where^country 100 miles by 25 miles wes burnt. But police reports said .H ooull'y- At Guudagai 30 big stations bud been burnt out, mean ing at lpast dOO small hombsteadB but there was no polico roport from 'there either. Uo asked them not to bold on to those statements that night. It. was bet nonf? tUi "lo>"io of generoBity. Tho .people on the spot surely knew what thev wi re doing—i3Qo was subscribed straioht away,ut Widgott. Tho policeicould find out about the largo btations in hu'.f, hour, but it took tiuie to ascertain tun Uamajje to small pluces, There wero no less than d0 coutrrg of bush fires markbd onamappuhshedinone of the ^ and they iiad not heard of them lill' yet' That tune,next week thoy would know more about the small man's loss«s a„d here would then be fr.r n.oro ncces i v than they imagined. Tliev could err 0" thesidoot logic if they likod. - Ne?il?er the polico nfr the Governmeul, with duu rrspect to them^ycro too logical at tin "" fhe Norivicb'pnion Office had JilfiOOu to ja;1 iih«; iii:ll,« tt.Md.jjdj dttUii-i X * | Ho naked those present to err on the sido | of Charity. If they oil did their host tho result would not tlion bo much. It might help the sufferers to put their fences and houses up attain,, but. there "was many a heart and . many a Jifo burnt into by theso fires,. arid their greatest sympathy was needod. It would be hard for a lot of them to begin again. The memory of these fires .would linger in them, and it would take something of the energy out of their homes and something of the strength from tl;eir musclos. They could not help them in those' things, but thanked God they could point them from! that Christian platform that night to One who wou'd bfar their burden?. They.could not help .admiring, ti.o: bravery of those, who would gej up/and mnko another start. He had that day heard of fires at Muswellbrook where people, bad been re duced to destitutiou, and which wore not container! in the reports. . Ho appealed to them to-bear one another's burdens, and not to-put the spirit of Charity or the spirit of Christ upon the Government to help tho sufferers. . Tho collection was then tgken up by stowardo of the different Cliurches, and theRev.H; G. Smith thanked tho local Press and the School of Arts Committee for generous assistance.■ The hymn "Bark I my Soul," Was then wuiig nnd tho Benediction pronounced by iho Rev. H. G. Smith. • \- The Mayor, prior to the Benediction announced that tho colleotion had amounted to £0 17:i4d. ; ; 