BUSH-FIRE FIGHTING IN THE WEST. ... "ri (FROM A CORRESPONDENT.) " Thoro was grasB on every part ot tho run. 'Along tho ridges at tho back tho barley grass roBO higher than tho fence; Us tassols of seed withered and dried In tho aun wore ready to fall in clustors on to tho wool ot tho wandering shoop, and penetrate to tho flesh. Along tho frontageB to tho crooks 'and tho Laclilau lllvor tho crowfoot, corkscrew, and winter grasses were hlghor still, and on tho stock routo a droyor ono. day out a sheaf of wild oats that measured 7ft. lln. from root to tassol. Tho Inhabitant whoso memory takos him back to the days when tho world was supposed to have boc-n Wider, could not recall a yonr when grass was so luxuriantly abundant on tho Lach- lan, nor rooolleot a winter when tho rains had been so beneficial. It Boomed as though Naturo, In compensation for hor harshness ot barron years before, had lavlshod all tho blessings ot prollflcnoBB and plonty on tho smiling land. Tho countryside was a paradise to tho pas- torallst, whoro grass was concerned, hut tho opposite whoro grass seed was concerned. A few weeks after the commencement of tho wind, those withering, dry wostorllos, born on tho desert strotchcs somowhoro In llio "Further- Back-Yct" country, tho grass lost Its groony hue, and began to droop. Tho Capo weed felt tho now Inlluenco first, folding up its loavos like; the Arabs tliolr tents, and vanishing. Tho stronger grassos became dry at tho tops, though thu body and root wore green and strong. It was about tills time that mention beenmo frequent of bush fires, and speculation was frcoly mado as to how they woro going to bo checked onco started. 'The whole countryside will-go, "-said the people, "tho grass Is so long." But thoro was another factor. Years ot drought decimated Ilmitloss areas ot pino scrub, wlthor- lng-and killing those strongly-growing trees till tho wastos were desolate, gaunt ghosts of Na ture. Ruthless winds of sudden and potent fury, onco a cyclone, then a whirlwind, tore through the stretches of funereal pines, snap ping limbs, uprooting trees, twisting, contort ing, and stripping defiant boles, and piling tho land, with ruin. Pitiless summers dried them to tinder, nrnl their resinous fibres were fit food BDd sustenance for the devouring Haines. Thou orders went round that care be exor cised. Country folk smiled; they know. The phosphorus poison for rabbits, strown pro miscuously round, starts lunumerablo files. A broken bottlo In a traveller's camp Is a source of .danger when the sun is glaring. One after noon 1 saw a mob of bullocks walk out of a gully, and a bush fire start under their very feet. We found that some one bad dropped a box. of matches there, and a boast, treading on a match head, ignited It, and sot tho conflagration going. I romembcr onco burning off on a coastal farm, and a notchy old boxtree was fired. Tho roots- extended under tho ground, under a crop that wns coming up, but wo covered the holo and let- tho tiro smoulder. -One root found tho sur face GOtt. away, and two months after we lost tho crop with a fire that started from this root. CarelcSB swaginen leaving a camp-fire half extinguished have sot many a countryside In James, while the thoughtless action of a smokor has often been responsible for dreadful, devas tation. But tho worst ovil, tho most dilllcult to combat, tho cunniugest to circumvent. Is the foolish farmer or pastorallst who seizes upon the driest tlmo as that most opportune for burning off his properly, and forthwith starts a fire guarding the (lames alone, or perhaps with Inadequate assistance. In 99 cases out of a hundred tho fire gets beyond control, and tho neighborhood for miles around suffers In con- sequenco of his carelessness. Another for- A ... a, nolfrtn nf (l hlish llVO IS tUQ mnaiciy uucuuuuuu, — , maltoious Incendiary, who, to Battsfy some m- ngincd grievance, shows "old Blank ho aln t tho boss of the whole district," by firing his run. Our run was one ot many along tfes Lnchlan that was clothed with an abnormal, garment of herbage, and wc wero npprelicnslvc and vigi lant, though we Imagined somewhat our efforts were hut a poor attempt to outwit tho Inevit able. After a mouth of dry weather our feats were intensified, and we rose ono morning to behold the landscape enveloped in a canopy of smoko, the pungent odor of which betokened the proximity of tho conflagration. Mingled with the acrid smell of the burning herbage was the fragrant scent of burning pine, wntlo tho wind that bore these breaths upon us was warm and dry. Tlio fight had come. The methods of flgutius Mid checking hush fires aro multifarious. On Ihe coastal districts where close settlement Is tho general ' order, organisation and concen trated effort can work wonders. Large bodies »f men can work easily nnd systematically witk green hushes and wet bags, and burn breads from fiirm to farm that would check any fire But in these western districts where settle ment; is sparse, whoro areas are enormous, mil where unoccupied unimproved Crown lands outnumber In acres tho occupied spaces, the task of tho settlor is heart breaking. A fire will start on tho run. It is 12 miles to tho nearest neighbor, and in half a day ten thousand acres of grass are destroyed. Tho farmer starts a break from Ills crop, ana works with an ingenious contrlvanco to subuue tlio flames around tlio proclous patch. A 400- 'gallon tank Is placed -In a spring cart, filled with water from the dam, and a semi-rotary pump wltli hose " attachlncht forms tho fire fighter. A horse attached to the cart is driven along the lino whore the hrenk is to run from, the grass" is damped and tho fire burns back from this. More scientific farmers form breaks round their crops by a simpler moans. The wlioat- cut f or- hay, Instead of coming from ona corner of the? paddock Is taken off a 25ft. strip round tho crob- Tbis space is disced or plough ed, arid an effective and almost Impassable break Is --formed. In tho Derrlwang and North Condobolln dis tricts the modus operandi of tho bush fire bri gades Is worthy of emulation. When an. out break of fire is. notlcod, every momhor of tne corps Immediately ceases private employment, and repairs with celerity to a pre-doeldod ren dezvous. Here 'the captains and vlce-captalns i-.„ nf nnllnn nnd the fire Is fought lUllUUldlv l/iuiw w , — — - with all practicable system. These men fight fires, fight thom wILh bushes, wet bogs, water, and 'fire. Tho water tank is tho most effective extlngulshor, and oven it can only bo used In burning, (breaks. On Bhrrawnng station, the Messrs. Bdols havo perhaps tho most effective nnd eompleto flro-flghtlng appliance In Austra lia. A huge American road-former throws up an earth break, wbllo innumerable water tanas and pumps complete tho impedimenta of In corps. Their effectiveness was proved a fen- weeks ago. when the Derrlwang crops and tne Burrawang grass was saved.. Wo had none of those appliances, but 'v.- were armed with an abounding faith In our own resources. When we learned that the fire was on our run, wo knew that to rush poll moll to fight it was madncs3. Our 30,000 acres must go," hut tho crop, the house, tho wool shed, and tho sheep in the yards had to bo saved at all hazards. I rode out to see how far away tne lire was, and I soon knew. Two miles from ' tho advancing mass ot flames tho heat was in tense. Volumes ot yellowy-grsy smoke rolled ' over the plain like billows of the ocean, a chok ing, Impenetrable, heaving veil over the country. Halt a milo away tho 'heat was unendurable. A dull roaring, like the moaning <of some uritamenblo monstor In tho agonies of deatn, resounded on all Bides. Lurid flames, thirty feet high, leaped into the air licking; tho tops of the myalls, withering the shady wilgas, anu blasting the pine and box. Onward sped the flames, nothing human being capable of stem ming their fearful progress. Tho grass dry, nnd the pino scrub drier, flared and smokedj nnd a gale from tho west drove tho flro to the homestead. Striken animals of tho bush 'rushed away In bewildered confusion. A mob of sorry- looking kangaroos fled precipitately across the plain, following a dozen half-scorched emus. Birds flew through tho smoke, and, choked with tho fumes, opun round like "hit" snipe, and sank Into tho grass to bo consumed. No need to spur my stock horse, no need to urge blm across the plain to the homestead. Here began tho 'battle. Every hand on tho place wao out; tho shed hands, tho c6ok, tho girls, and ftven the anaemic book-keeper. Watering cans nnd buck els, wet bags and pepper tree houghs were our arms, and round tho station build ings and yards wo started our break. How wo fought to keep those flames under! It seemed as though all tho doraons ot tho busu had conspired to ruin us. Savage attacks were made on that thin creeping line of lire that wriggled and crawled between us, In spite of heroic efforts. Our throats v.-ere parched, our hands blackened, our hair and eyebrows slngen, yoL we m lis l savo the house, and wo fought on. A picket fence. at tile end of tnt garden lielp--u us, and we turned the line towards the yards and the woolshcd. Tho stupid, nmoke-dazed thcop and stock behind tho rails protested p.toously as penned beasts do, hut stood still in foar. Wo trailed the flames to the old well, then past the wool slicd, past the yard, pain, tin) corner ol the wheat crop, aud — let It go on to tho next man. Wo had fought like tigers, and then wo watched the two files meet. The galo bore down the approaching flro at a tre mendous rate, and our hroak lire with a firm hold burned liereely back against tho wiud. Tuo two conflagrations met ill a swirl of heat and Bmolte, a blinding cloud of lurlducss ascended and sank again. The fire waa suddenly chcckcu 111 front, hut tho sides swept by like a field o, fast-galloping liorsca with gaudy-Jacketed riders. Broaks aro the only things, and meeting firs with fire, tho only means of saving the country. With tho vast arena ot unoccupied Crown lands In this, tho Condobolln district, and the pheno menal growth of grns3 and pine thereon, It Is Imperative that tho farmers should tako some precautionary measures, for tho areas itliat coino unscathed through tho ordeals ot theso months will fare 111 In tho withering winds or January and February, and tho destruction nnd devastation that will certainly follow outbreaks thcu, would ho droadtul to contemplate. 