BUSH-FIRES IN NEW SOUTHI WALES. \--------e-- , AN EXTENSIVE AREA SWEPT. HEAVY LOSSES OF PROPERTY. SEVERAL PERSONS MISSING. 'Sydney, January 1. The intense heat which has prevailed throughout New South Wales during the past few days has been the cause of extensive bush fires which. have been responsible for a large amount of dam age. No loss of life has been reported, but several men were injured while fighting the flames' and others had some difliculty in getting beyond the reach of the fire. The Goulburn district suffered severely. The fire swept a large area of country and destroyed everything in its course. Hundreds of pers?es fought to save the homesteads, and they were fortunate in many instances, although numerous houses were burned down. In the Delegate district the fire was the most disastrous ever known, and the destruction was universal. Numbers of settlers lost everything- buildings, stock and implements. Several persons are missing. The town is practically deserted, as all who could leave went out to combat the fire, which got within five miles of Delegate. It has been estimated that the fire covered 50 miles of ocuntry. The Mossvale district was also swept by fire, and several houses were destroy ed, while at Bundanoon seven buildings (including the Church of England) were demolished. Fires raged with great fierceness around Gundagai, where the settlers battled manfully to save pro perty. Hundreds of horses, cattle and sheep perished, and many selectors are ruined. From one portion of the dis trict all th?e settlers have cleared out taking whatever of .value they could save with them. It was feared at a late hour tc-night that the flames would reach South Gundagai. At Gunning a whole family had to take to a waterhole for safety. One of the fire-fighters at this place was severe ly injured. In other districts fires are raging, and it is feared that. should no change in the weather conditions occur promnptly .the disaster will, in some in stances, be very great. , At Razorback, in the Goulburn dis trict, the only building left standing was the Roman Catholic Church. In the Culcairn West district thou sands of acres of wheat were destroyed. 