'BUSH -FIRE AT GRETA AND \- -LAGEBY. signal success ' oybubh ' TIRB BKIdADIK The heavily -graased country lying be tween 'Greta- end the narrow-gaugd rail way line 'was the centre of: an extensive' bash fire on : ThutBday, ahd 'the flames oovered an area nine miles long and vary-' log in -width from one to five miles before they were ofaeoked Shortly after midnight;' The fire was 'discovered at or near Mr. O'Brien's properly, Greta, at 7.30 on' Thursday morning, and the fresh breeEb' soon spread 'the Haines through tjhe long grass which abounds in the- locality this season. The recently Or ganised fire brigadea had an opportunity of showing their valne, and tbe members turned out in great foroe, tbe fire-beaters numbering- 200 or SOO during the after- noon. ' Notwithstanding their efforts, however, the fire made headway, but homesteads 'and outbuildings were for tunately saved everywhere along the line. At Mr. W. Patterson's there was a big fight, and later in the day at Mr. Thos. Wadley'e and Mr. Thos.' Bowdren's, bob the fire-beaters suc- oeeced In saving tbe honses. The organi sation of the brigades was exoellent, and7 residents of the locality speak In very grateful terms of tbe valuable help given by residents of outlying lroalities who came many zuues, in some instances, to their' aid and spent the day in beating he flames. The water carta of tbe brig ades of Milawa, LaceHy, Laoeby West, South Wangaratta and Mundara were busily engaged making trails, and along the limits of the fire were of invaluable assistance in extinguishing trees, logs and' fences. The water carts are to be orediteel with keeping the fire within a compara tively email area, aod undoubtedly proved7 their immense valne in the disrrdr. After ooverlog the country between M!r O'Brien's and the railway line the fltmes spread oat to Messrs. : Skeh an's property; near Cropper's Creek, oh the one side, and to Mr. P. Lahart's property, beyond vlyrrhee station, on the other.' These were the limits reaohed at midnight on Thursday, and the heavy daw which was then falling enabled tbe crowds of beaters to get the miotery. Large numbers of dairymen suffered losses of grass, while the tobl amount of fencing consumed cannot be computed at present. At least ' several miles of fencing were burnt. On the Greta side the heaviest losers of grass and ienoing were Messrs. TO. Chal mers, TO. Patterson, Hugh Jeffrey, P. O'Keefle, A. W. Vincent, T. Smith, J. C. Younger,' P. Lyons and H. Petty. Mr. Patterson losb a staok of straw and almost every b>ade of grass, and Mr. Petty can not find 21 poddy calves that were in a paddock when the fire came. Some land holders had very narrow escapes, and the extensive Mnndara paddnoks were fortu nate in being missed by the fire exoepting for aboub s>x acres. un tne n.ing raver siae one moso un fortunate sufferer wss Mr. Thomas Bow- dnen, who has a paddock rented froin Mi-. G. Moore, and who loBt every bit of hi> grass and barley bub saved his bouse. Mr. J. Carey and Mr. T. Wadley were also heavy sufferers ; as was also Mr. Jos.' O'DriscolI, who lost a quantity of standing wheat and a large area of grsss. It was noticed that the standing wheat would not burn Ireply on Thursday afternoon, and to this faob is attributable the light losses of several farmers. Mr. J. B. Docker lost 800 aores of grass and a staok of straw ; Mr. George - Moore, 700 fence- poBts that were stacked in the paddock, and Mr. Albert -King, a stack of straw and a quantity of grass. Other of the principal sufferers were : Messrs. Jas. Egan, John Carey, Peter Carton, Skehan Bros. J. Kearney, P. Lahart. Although there had been little or no sleep on Thursday night a large number of men assembled on Friday to continue ' the work of extinguishing burning trees, eto., and to prevent farther spread of the fire, and it was felt on Friday night tbab there was no further danger of an out- break.— 44 Wangaratta Chronicle." 