-/'Death of syir, e, ingram. ANOTHER PIONEEB MfHa Universal regret .will be expressed throughout the district (says the Wagga 'Advertiser') by the news of the death &f; andther pioneer, in the person of Mr; Ed ward Ingram, o*f Book Book. The sad oc currence iddk place at Waverley, Sydney, on Tuesday night. Since the destruction of Book Book homestead by the disastrous bush-fires in January last, Mr. Ingram, with Mrs. Ingram and their' three unmar ried daughters, had been residing in Dal ley-street, Waverley, but, it is understood, intended to return to .Be'ok Book upon the completion of the re-ei'ection of tM residence there. The fire in question na turally caused Mr. Ingram great anxiety. The homestead and its surroundings formed a perfect picture, and its destruction, after so many years of residence in it, appeared to be taken by Mr. Ingram as a severance with old associations. The late^ Mr. Ediward Ingram was a colonist of very sterling type, and the high position lie achieved as a woolgrower was the sequence of his great activity of mind and body, combined! with a. native and triained liiiteiligeiice of a high Tstiperior order. Born in .England, Mr. Ingram was 70 years of age. He was educated at Christ's Hospital — the famous Bluecoat School — in London, and for some period in his younger days followed the profession of the sea, having undergone a course of study in navigation, astronomy, and kin dred subjects, in which he maintained his keen interest for many years. Arriving in Australia while' yet a young man, the at tractions of a pastoral life overcame those of the ocean, and he entered upon pastoral pursuits. For some years he was engaged in this work at Walla Walla and Eli El wah 'Stations, andj about 37 years ago took up land _ at Book Book. To this he added from time to time until ' now the holding has an area' of considerably over 20,000 acres, adequately stocked with sheep of the finest breeds, for as a flock master and judge of sheep Mr. Ingram occupied a very hi-.gh place. His wool always realised excellent prices in the Melbourne market, and he bought the highest classes of stud rams, his purchases in this direction in Iat. ter years being principally of Vermonts. Mr. Ingram did not go in for cultivation largely, but was a great believer in tho growing of Burnett grass for sheep, which he bad great faith in as a fattener of mut ton for the winter market. Mr. Ingram was a man of considerable reading, and he was well informed upon pastoral matters. The great interest Mr. Ingram displayed in pastoral matters was demonstrated by his enthusiastic participation in the affairs of the Murrumbidgee Pastoral and Agricul tural Association, of which he was Presi dent at the time of his death. Although not one of the founders of the association, Mr. Ingram was still one of its oldest sur viving members. So much were the affairs of the association to his heart that in 1884 he accepted the office of president for one year, and upon the death, in 1899, of Mr. T. W. Hammond, then president, Mr. Ing ram was elected to succeed him. He has occupied the office ever since, having been re elected recontly with the accompaniment of many expressions of appreciation of his valuable services. Mr. Ingram was also a director of the Murrumbidgee Co-operative Mill. He was many years ago appointed to the Commission or the Jreace, and tor a long period also was a member of the Wag ga Licensing Bench, from which he sub sequently retired. The deceased gentleman leaves a widow and eight surviving children. Mrs. Ingram is a daughter of the late Mr. William Hen ry Mackenzie, and a sister of Mr. T. F. H. Mackenzie, M.L.A., for Canterbury. The sons are: — Mr. Francis Edward Ingram, Mr. Cuthbert Edward Ingram, and Mr. Thomas Henry Ingram ; and- the daughters are : — Miss Agnes Ingram, Miss Florence Boonara Ingram, Miss Ruby Ingram, and two other daughters, Jane and Hilda* who are married. The deceased gentleman had also three brothers and one sister, viz., Mr. Thomas Ingram, who was an Inspector of the Ba°nk of Australasia ; Mr. Oswald Ingram, of Grong Grong; Mr. Fred Ingram, and Mrs. Mackenzie, of Bondi, whose husband was a cousin of Mrs. Ingram. 