THE BUSH FIRES. AT BOLINI)A. A fire broke out on the 20th ult. on the estate of Sir Rupert Clarke, about a mile and a half from Bolindavale home stead. A strong north wind was blow ing, and tile fire spread and tr:avelld rappidly toward:s F'enton's Hill. At Congrella Creek the wind chll:aerl to the south, and tile liro war brought. bark in a nortli-easterly direction through Barrett's and Chown's pandocks into the Green lillM estatet. It was stopped for the night by the efforts of a strong army of workers, eqiippid with fire- beaters, and acting under tile super vision of Mr. Robert Clarke. On Sat urday tile fire broke out again at the back of IIllephill's farm, Ltit wis soon got under control. On Sunday a -gale from the north carried some live embers fromn some smouldering timbers across the road near Iu rst's, and the fire broke out again, passing out of the Green Hills estate into Tom's property, where it was still raging when liight set in, and the wind vcored to the south. The station losses are estimated at many thousands of sheep. nearly 50,000 acres of grass, and many miles of fencing. The cattle-house, in which were stalled some bulls and heifers worth many thousands of pounds, narrowly escaped, and would have been bonsutnedl hat for the walls and timber portions being por sistently drenched with water. Mr. Frank Clarke's residence, near the old homestead, was at one time almost conm p!,itely surrounded by flames, and Mr. Robert Clarko's own residence was in a similar position. Mr. Rtobert Clarke's well known horso Lancer, which lie was riding, was burnt slightly, and Mr. Clarke suffered painful injuries to his face and right hand, the latter being seriously burnt. The fire is supposed to have originated through tile carelessness 3f some sportsmen who were shooting on tihe run. The lIomsey correspondent of the *Argus' writes :- Mr. Robert Clarke reports tlhat his losses of sheep in the late fire will not amount to more than 500 head. A muster of his fl.cks has disclosed that a great many sheep which wer supposed to have been destroyed were driven into places of safety, Ar MACEDON. Friday afternoon's bush-fire broke out on the Stoney Creek Valley, at the foot ot Mount Toorong. A south westerly wind was blowing at the time, and, fanned by this, the fire soon reached serious proportions. One portion tra versed the mountain in a north- easterly direction, whilst another travelled north along the valley, threatening the. Victor ian sanatorium ani several private residences near by. A large number of residents and visitors, who turned out to fight the fire, spent the afternoon in lighting fire-breaks, and by this means they eventually succeeded in chAckingg the outbreak. Owing to the linflatunr able nature of the canvas toute, the sanatorium was in very great peril for some considerable time. Fire-buckets were placed in readiness, and jets of water woro played on to the most exposed tents. Towards evening the firobegin to harn itself out, but about D p.m. it fronhuodl, ?glnn. ondstnaori5g telb sanatorium. I'lTo beaters, howovor, had very little difficulty in subduing this outbreak, AT RIDDELL. Towards noon on Monday volumes of dense smoke were seen in the direction of New Gisborne, five miles away, and shortly afterwards a fire started in the paddock of Mr. John Williams, at Wooling. It entered the Elderslie es tate, and was travelling at a furious rate towards Riddell. Elderslie estate was completely swept, and tie farm house and stacks were saved with difficulty. The fire passed on to the large grazing paddocks of Messrs. Campbell Bros., and burnt here with great fury. Fortu nately a shooting party from Carlton were in the proximity of the woolshed, and by their efforts these buildings were saved. One of tie party was scorched on the face and hands. The Doeblan Hill farm of Mr. James Williams was next attacked, and the fire was checked only after a quantity of grass was lost and many stocks of corn consumed. The wind fortunately changing, it blew the fire back into the ranges. Late in the night the fire could be heard roaring through the ranges and on to Mount Robertson, but, owing to a welcome change and slight rain, no further dam age was done. AT TOOLEfRN. On Wednesday a fire broke out in one of Mr. A. Beaty's paddocks at Jock's Gully, and carried by a strong north wind spread with rapidity over the properties of Messrs. Gilby, A. and G. Beaty, Brown and others, Fortu. nately, willing fire-beaters turned up in great numbers and succeeded in extin guishing the flames, but not before about 1.200 acres of grass arid a largeo quantty of' fencing had boee destroyed. Mr. Gilby estimates his loss at £500. Con stable Myers, who rode out to the fire, ascertained that it had started near a hut occupied by an old-age pensioner named John Jones, who was interviewed by the constable, and he admitted that he had been burning .around his hut that morning and that some smouldering debris which he had neglected to extin guish was revived by the strong wind, which carried the flames into the long grass. Jones was arrested on a charge of ' igniting grass and thereby destroy ing tihe properties of the above- named.' He was brought before Mr. Morris, J.P., at the Sunbury court on Friday, and fined 10/ and 10/ costs, in default three days' imprisonment." Tire fine and costs have since been paid. Tihe accused bore a good character, and on account of his old ago (74) and the fact that no will fulness was attributed to his actions -he was leniently dealt with. It is to be hoped that this will be a warning to atl persons who are in the habit of carelessly using fire. AT SUNBURY. , On Friday a fire broke out near Duggan's Hill, several miles from Sun bury, on Sir Rupert Clarke's estate, but owing to the speedy arrival of a con tingent of fire-beaters from Rupsrtawood and the township, under the direction of Mr. G. G. Cnumming, the flnmes were soon got under. About half a mile of fencing and smn acres of grass were destrovyd. The flames lhad ,only beenu got under when the outbreak at Bolinda was noticed, and the men hurried off to give what anoistance they could there, two or thre being left to watch the extinguished fire, and it was fortunate theyv remainled, for the flanmes broke out again, but were quickly got under owing to the,t men being on the spot at the time. AT BULLENGAROOK. Fortunately it is not often our lot to describe such a destructive conflagration as that which broke out in Bullengarook during the holidays, destroying fences, sheds, etc., and burning the residence of Mrs. Coffy to the ground. Though no damage was done till Thursday, it was well known that the fire was burning in the ranges for the past two or three necks. As the lire was outside the radius of settlement no alarm was felt, but with the hot weather of last wesek following a prolonged absence of rain, everything became dry and inflamable, and a sudden change of the wind drove the flames in the direction of Bullenga rook East. As the flames were seen on Friday travelling in a south-easterly direction over the hill facing the State sclhool, the residents realised the danger, and turned out, armed with bushes, etc., to bent back the flames. - "Mrs. CofTy's recidtenIe was the first place endangered, and a large number of fWilling workers hnnaged to beat off the flames from the house. It was thought the house was safe, and the volunteers rushed on to the main Bacclus Marsh and Gisborne road, where a number of residences, including the State school and the post office, were threatened. Un fortunately a spark must have ignited the house, and as there was no one there at the time but Mrs. Coffy, nothing could be done to save the building, which in a few minutes was a mass of flames, and everything was destroyed. Great sympathy is felt for Mrs. Oiff'y, as neither the house nor the furniture wore insured. The next place endangered was the residence of Mr. Hassed, on the main road, as the fiamies nearly surrounded the building. The'lhaystack, which -is close to the house, was saved with- great difficulty, as the adjoining- outhouses were on fire at several points. Willing hands, however, beat off the flames, and saved the homestead, though the fences up to the door were swept away. By this tilne ithe fire had crossed the road, the standing timber sending the. sparks overhead. 'rie school building and the residence of Mr. Joseph Hume were next attacked, and it seemed at one time as if these buildings were doomed. Portions of the school fence and the fences surrounding Mr. Hume's dwelling were on fire, awl the forest behind was a mnass of roarung flamt , but both buil-ings were saved. The fences were almost to tally destroyed, and also a small culvert in W\Vebb's lane. News of the fire had been de tcapatched to Gisborne, and several-con tintgents of volunteers arrived. The it help was most opportune, for though most of the residencesa ad been saved, t the timber continued to burn.. anid there-.= was still danger from tha uholwors·o b sparks. 8 On Saturday and Sunday the real dencoe of Mr. J. W. Webb, J.P., which stands to eastward of Mrs. Coffy's, was in danger, atid as the forest is..very f thick in this direction, it looked as if one a of the neatest and best kept homesteads I in the district would, like Mrs. Coffy's e residence, be destroyed, but the efforts of t the volunteers were successful, though \- the fire was within a few yards of the e building. a On Sunday (Christnas Day), the a effects of the fire was painfully manifest, as the fences were destroyed in all direa tions, their previous existence being , indicated by charred lines, or burning \- logs. Green patches here and .there. i showed where the fire had jumped from , one tree top to another, or as sometimres 1 happened, the dry grass carried.:on the fire, leaving the green sward undernieath. \- -Condensed from' Gisborne Gazetto. 