Heavy Losses. Several Lives Lost. Brief particulars of the disastrous bush- fires in New South Wales have already appeared in our columns. The details given in the Sydney Press, however, show that the fires which were directly or indirectly caused by the heat wave were appalling in their extent and fierce- ness, and the damage to property was exceedingly serious. The following ad- ditional particulars are taken from the ■ Sydney " Daily Telegraph " of Tuesday and Wednesday. THREE PERSONS BURNT TO DEATH. In the Albury district the fire, which broke out between Bungowannah and Jindera, travelled at a great pace in a north easterly direction, carried on by the wind which at times blew with a fury of a gale. Hundreds of men and ? to check the progress of the flames, but with little success. It would seem that the fire travelled in ? the same course as the one which five years ago devastated Bungowannah and Stoney Park, when scores of farmers were burned out. On the present occasion the greater destruct- tion was wrought on Webbe Park which is leased by Messrs M'Bree and Norman of Albury ; Elm Park, owned by Mrs. Westendorff ; Drumwood Estate, owned by J. F. Shuter ; Stony Park Station, which was only lately acquired by Messrs R. and E. M'Ill?e ; and C. L. Griffith's Benambra. Many miles of the country were laid waste by the fire, and a num- ber of farms were reported to have been burnt out in addition to the station pro- perties mentioned. It was reported that the homestead of a farmer named Lone- han, of Huon, was destroyed, and that his his wife perished in the flames. It tran- spires that the home was saved but that Mrs. Lonehan was overtaken by the fire some distance from the house and burnt to death. A report that a teamster waggon, and ten horses had been sur- rounded and destroyed by the flames has not yet been authenticated. Miles of fencing and grass have been destroyed, and the losses of live stock are said to have been vary heavy. Two men were burnt to death - one at Uranguinly and the other at Manzopiah. MOSS VALE AND MITTAGONG. A telegram from Moss Vale states that the residence of Mr. Dobb, at Mount Ashby, was completely burnt. Messrs. Ginger, Johnson, Morris, and others in Yarrunga and Manchester-Square were completely burnt out. At Marylaall the farms were destroyed. In one case a child a few months old died with the heat, and an elderly man at the same farm is in a critical condition owing to the heat and shock. Mittagong advises that a great outbreak occurred on the Green Hills side, and several properties , were only saved by the vigorous efforts of thaetownspeople. It is reported that Joadja is completely burnt out, including railway trucks and engines. FURIOUS FIRE AT MAITLAND. A West Maitland telegram states that on the north eastern side of Maitland the mountain ranges were capped with fire on Saturday night for fully seven miles. The area of grass lands devastated on the ranges exceeded 2000 acres. The fire swept with great- ury over the Hillsbor- ough, Rosebank, Melville, Eelah, Mait- land Vale, Springmount, Maryvale, and Bishop's Bridge, devouring fences and grass; and threatening homesteads, which were only saved after hours of fighting. Rosebrook, Skinner's residence, Hillyer's residence, and others had narrow escapes, and the majority of the cattle are miss- ing. It is stated that Ball's house, near Hudson's Peak, was destroyed, with the contents. At Eirley the fire caused great destruction of grass and fencing. It is stated by experienced settlers that the damage to fencing will not be covered by L3000, while the damage to grass, home- steads, and farm buildings is incalculable. The grape crop in the region of the fire is practically, lost. The Stanhope and Wood ville Estates, in the Branxton district, were completely burnt out. . GUNDAGI DISTRICT RUINED. Gundagai advises that the choice pas- ture and wheat-growing land has been de- vastated. The heaviest losers at Nangus were three big dairymen - G. Gittoes, W.S. Clemson, and W.J. M'Kinney— who lost the whole of their dairying plants, worth some hundreds of pounds. M'Kinney also lost the bulk of his dairy herd. Several horses and cattle at other places had hair singed off, and will perish in consequence. Eight miles from Gun- dagai the fire was temporarily checked, but subsequently destroyed a great quan- tity of fencing and grass, including ten miles of the best wire-netting fence in the district. Roughly speaking, from Ade- long to Wagga, through Gundagai, there is scarcely a fence left, and the squatters calculate their losses by tens of thousands of pounds. Over 100 farmers were burnt out; W. Jamieson and Nicholls Bros, lost a number of valuable haystacks, averaging about 250 tons each, besides 100 bags of wheat. A. H. Turner, Ade- long Crossing, lost 800 sheep, and others were aIbo heavy losers. .DAMAGE AT CANDELO. In the Caindelo district many of the cattle pens on the show ground were burnt. A large area of grass and miles of fencing were also destroyed, and it is reported that all the houses between Rocky Hall and Wyndham were burned. COUNTRY ABLAZE AT YASS, For days the whole country in the Yass district was ablaze. The damage to and Ioss of property is very great, and the loss of stock cannot yet be accurately ascer- tained. Kangairo, Laverstock, and Rush brook stations wore burnt out, and Otter- bourne Station and Chambers' Bros wheat crop suffered severely. BLACKBERRY CROP DESTROYED. About Bulli considerable damage was done, including the destruction of hun- dreds of acres of blackberry vines, ruining the prospects of the blackberry season, which was just about to commence, and which annually finds employment for hundreds of hands. The damage to this crop alone is estimated at over L1000. WOMEN AND CHILDREN IN FLIGHT. At Dinalong the fire travelled at a ter- rific rate, and women and children fled from their homes, taking refuge at the railway station. Several families are homeless, and have lost everything. The loss of stock and property is very exten- sive. OLD AGE PENSIONER KILLED. In the Bowral district the losses were heavy. At Bandanoon the Church of England and a number of houses were destroyed. The Eimswood Public School was also burned. Near Exeter the hand- some residence of Mr. Bowyer Smith was destroyed, and the family had to seek re- fuge in a waterhole. An old-age pension- er named John Woods was severely burned, and died in the hospital. TEN THOUSAND SHEEP DES- TROYED. In the Burrows district the width of the conflagration exceeded ten miles, and over 10,000 sheep, hundreds of cattle and horses, standing crops, haystacks, barns, sheds, outhouses, with their several con tents, agricultural implements and machi- nery, and vehicles of every kind were destroyed. DEVASTATION AT TUMUT The bush fires in the Tumut district were unprecedented. Homesteads were burned, the occupants being compelled to leave with only the clothes in which they stood. Haystacks and sheds were levelled to the ground, and thousands of bushels of corn, wool-packed bales, fields of wheat crops, and hundreds of crops ready for the , to say nothing of the tracts of grass were destroyed. Thousands of sheep, horses, cattle and poultry were roasted alive. After fighting the flames for two days and nights, men were lying around ex- hausted. LOSSES IN OTHER DISTUICrS. Fires in the Wagga, Oarcoar, Batli urst, Bitounn's Bay, andothor district*, also caused heavy lumen, nnd many far I niers were burnt out. , A mnn named I Alexander Snndgrasv, residing in the Wairga district, diet! fronr hoat'Kpoplexy. (J. I*. Wilson, : of Big ^ Springs, in l lie sjine district, was driving homo with a lady in a Vmggy, when the falter caught fire. He had to release (he horst, abui il'iu tliu hujiuy, mid walk many miles to his ltnina tn the rarcoar district, it i» r"»i;hly cstimnt'd that In in 150,000 to 200.000 acres of countty has lieen run di-rt-d di-aolate. At Batoman's B.iy lin tire »■.»« lie.tvie.ij between Bolarii and the south bank of the Clyde River, carrying , tlie most dreadful consequence* with it 1 At Michael Ryan's llunnymedo station i a Urge brick residence. chstiso plant, a large quantity nf cltcesp, the milkinu yard.*, twenty head of young c*t'le, mid | 300 fowls were burnt. Timoihy Ilyan'u farm, itlimiot adjoining, was destroyed. All tliu buildinuH, with thirty head of cattle, a draught, borne, n bugiry, ft dray, and 1000 hislwls of timixu went. The next to suffer naa Mr. Frnd (.'otic, of Buckenhour Station. Fully 500 head of cattle, all the building-*, a number of pi)>8, a cheese plant, and a large area of cultivated wattle were burnt. John [{•ibb's farm, tvi>h all the luilding.i, and a toijiu of working bullocks were de- j atroyed. John Corrigan's farm «v.-t« com I pletuly swept, and pint) those of Williim Balcomlia and several others. Tho total •atiniated loss is over L20.000. All tho country for miles around it) in a pitiable stile of desolation. Cattle, pigs, poultry, and rabbits are lying round in heaps, roastoii. At Crnokwoll, I'icker Brothers lout 1500 sheep, and A. M 'Donald 2000 sheep. DEATH AND RUIN IN RIVERINA. . Later news shows that in the Riverimi district additional fatalities aro reported. James S. W. Fallon, a farm hand,- was burned while endeavouring to save a team: of horses. Neiir Tumlioruiiiba a man , is supposed to have leaped out of a waggon, rushed info the hush, and perished. A fatality is also supposed to ha/u occurred at; Wahtabadgery. Many Imiibrvadlh escapes are reported, including thnt- of family at Huinula, who look refuge i,. a creek overrun with fieen willows. So ficrco hms the lira thit burnt the willows, and tlio family hod all tlipy coulil do to escape Ilia burning branches. The force of the /ire is indicatsd by th# fact that at, Burambola station the Homes jumped fivo-chain firebreaks, • Sume terribla sufferings were caused at I'. Moran's Gregadoo station. L-trgo num beis of pigs, horses, cattlo, and poultry wsro BO badly burnt that death soon followed,ior they had to be destroyed, and 1500 sheep were masted. In oae instance at Urauquinty dogs were burnt on their chains, and tile fowls in their nests. In : another ut Ladysmith, 130 fowls were roasted, ■ as ;well as a large, number' of pigs, and cattlo and horses had every vestige of hair burnt off. Throughout the whole courso of the lire the dams, wntorlioles, and watercourses wore tho only, places of safety for wonion and children, and even horses and cattle sheltered in them. At Murrumbidgce, Frank Post, ivha was ill, was rescued in a I state, of collapse, exhausted with his I eflorts to nave home. J, Macpherson,' of Meant Ph-asirit, his little daughter, and O. II. RichardH, tho Wagga mailman, had a race with th» fire for over a mile. C. Clit'iiey, at Huuiulu, siistaiiied a broken collaibone, fracture of the ribs, mid in juries to his back from a burning- limb':of a tree which tell on liiui. A \Yaega brick-' maker named' D.illa, employed" at Pul litop, was seriously burnt. A ROARING WALL OF FLAME. In the Gundagai district tho liro travol led with tho spued of a galloping horse muring wall of fluiio 12ft'hi-h, giving off clouds of dense bhek, clinking smoke and I ho touch of the wall was death r ire fighting by beating was, in the majority of tho cjbos, ontirely out of the question, and tho hapless settlers in (he path of the flames weto glad enough to , escape with their lives. Brielly, the fire has laid waste a rich tract of agricultural cimiitry, thirty or. forty miles wide, from the southern railway line, in tho vicinity of Wagga, along tho valley of the Mur rumbidgeo, past Gundagai and Adelong, to beyond Tumut, in the hills, where the green timber and grass finally stopped it about Batjow, an outpost of Turalwrum bit, the guard to tho western foothills of snowclad Kosciusko. Station paddocks fences, outbuildings, wonlshods, selectors' crops, hay stacks, and homesteads were swopt to tho ground, and tho majority of the stations in tho way of tho firo also lost a Jot of Hfuek. • DAMAGE AT BI.!RR,vGOI{AN(3 ' MINES. The bush fires that- wero burning in Burragorang for .some time rapidly spread in the vicinity of ; llio Peaks silror/Solds. Yerranderie. On Sunday tlmt portion of tho fields known as Bore Block was in names. The buildings in connection with tho Silver Peaks Mnio woro totully dus royod, including engines, boilers, pop^t uads, timber, etc., also scvvial miners' huts and their helougingj. Tlio niines HOI0 closed for the holidays, all the men tieing away, only a caretaker being ]0ft, 1 lie amount of damage is considerable 0WPm\« recently installed new machi nery, the boilers and engines bein« t])0 latest on the field. ° J,B ROUND ABOUT CARCOAR. It is estimated that the bush fire m the Carco.ir district, which was still raging on Tuoaday, had up to the latest advice* do* vastuted 100 square milrffi of grazing and agricultural country. .Several resideflccH wert) destroyed. CHILDREN RESCUED FROM A CAMP. AfcThirroul a number of people were burnt out. A lady und gentleman who arrived by train from Sydney to join their hod and daughter, campod at &*uddy Creok. When ihey arrived at Thirroul they were horritfed at Feeing the niouu fath* nil nhhiZ K and thick tvifh smoke. They begged Mr. Webb, storekeeper, lo drive them np the I'aas to Muddy Creek to.Heek thoir children. Mr. Webb did not.think it snfe or possible to gar through tho Kinoku ritiil (ire, but after n while h<» co'iKontoii to lot hia horno, buggy, and driver 150 When ihey j»ob to the lop they found the, road pretty well impass ible They prosed on through (lie ainoke and .[anud the children ah Luddt-n Fa))*, 8iftv.Hut-.tH-y bed H»sfc all their clothe*, bi'ddriif,' tHntrt— nv*iytliin«r, except wha» they had On. Oroit praixe was given to Mr; F. yiinin'i;h, Mr. WrbVs man, wh" drove flic biti&y; through (he smoko and fir#. 