ABNORMAL WEATHER. INTENSE HEAT ABATED. RAIN THROUGHOUT VICTORIA. DESTRUCTIVE BUSH FIRES. CONTINUE IN NEW SOUTH WALES. The excessive heat over the greater part of Victoria, New South Wales, and South Australia, which was experienced on Friday and Saturday, continued unabated on Sun- day. Fortunately the rain which was re- ported from Hobart in "The Argus" yes- terday, reached Victoria early in the morn- ing, and extended well inland. It modified the heat, and extinguished the bush fires, which have caused serious loss of life and property over a wide area of country. An interesting account from Mr. Baracchi on the character and conditions of this out- burst of heat shows that it originated in a monsoonal depression, which travelled slowly across the continent, and has now gone. It fortunately did not reach as far south as a similar visitation which caused the great heat of January and February, 1898, and therefore Melbourne and the southern parts of Victoria escaped. One of the most destructive grass fires recorded was on Sir Rupert Clarke's estate, Bolindavale, near Romsey, where 20,000 acres of grass and many hundreds of valu- able sheep were lost, and only the strenuous efforts of a large body of willing workers prevented the stud flock being lost and the whole estate swept bare. During these efforts Mr. Rupert Clarke, the well- known manager, was painfully scorched by the flames on face and hands, and the horse he was riding narrowly escaped serious in- jury. In the North-Eastern district of Victoria several very serious outbreaks are recorded. On Tintaldra Station, near Corryong, over 20 miles of country was devastated. Several farms were burnt out, and one old-age pensioner, named Richard Smith, was burnt to death in his hut. At Springhurst houses, crops, fencing, and grass were destroyed, and near Wangaratta an extensive grass fire swept over a large area of country. At Alexandra a young man, in the em- ploy of Mr. J. Jordan, was brought to the local hospital suffering from severe burns on the face, hands, and shoulders received when assisting to put out a bush fire. In the Yea district 1,000 sheep were burned to death, and extensive damage done to grass and fencing. In the Seymour district, where extensive damage was reported in "The Argus" of yes- terday a series of sensational episodes oc- curred in the work of suppression. In one instance one man was rescued at consider- able peril by a horseman: in another a fire- fighter's clothing caught fire, and he jumped into the Goulburn to extinguish it. In yet another, two men had to push a cart into a lagoon and jump into it to escape the flames. On Sunday it was estimated that the Seymour fire extended over a length of 40 miles. At Rushworth extensive losses of grass, crops, fencing, and homesteads are reported, and the Waranga Basin was a sea of flame. At Kilmore many thousands of acres of grass land was destroyed, and heavy losses of stock were sustained. At Avoca and Riddell extensive grass fires occurred. In New South Wales the fires which have occurrcd during the last few days in various parts of the state are the most serious which have been recorded for years. Un- happily, in the Wagga district the bush fires have resulted in the loss of human life. One young farm labourer, named Fallon, lost his life while trying to save some horses on a selection; and another farmer, named Allen Snodgrass, died from heat apoplexy, resulting from his successful efforts to save his farm. A very sad incident is re- ported from Jindera, a thickly- settled farm- in district in the neighbourhood of Albury. On Sunday and Sunday night all the men of the settlement were out fighting the flames. During Sunday night the home of a selector named Lenehan was burned down, and on Monday morning the charred re- mains of Mrs. Lenehan were found in the bush. It is supposed that the poor woman tried to escape when the fire approached the house, and was overtaken by the flames. The death is also reported by burning of William Steel, a farmer of Brocklesby, near Howlong. A number of homes were destroyed, the destruction of crop was very great, the loss of stock was considerable, thousands of square miles of grass country was swept bare, and miles of fencing lost. On Satur- day evening a line ot fire, 80 miles long and 15 to 20 miles across, was sweeeping over the country, carrying devastation and ruin in its wake. In the West Maitland district the most extensive outbreak since 1895 occurred. An Anglican church, several residences, fences, haystacks, outbuildings, and thousands of acres of grass were destroyed. THE TEMPERATURE. The following degrees of heat Fahrenheit were recorded on Sunday:— Degrees. Degrees. Birchip .. .. .. 115 Mitiamo .. .. .. 111 Beulah .. .. .. 115 Minyip .. .. .. 112 Corryong .. .. 110 Navarre .. .. .. 112 Gordon .. .. .. 105 Serviceton .. .. 111 Heathcote .. .. 110 Wangaratta .. .. 111 Korongvale .. .. 112 Watchem .. .. 115 Korang .. .. .. 114 Yea .. .. .. .. 106 Lancefield .. .. 105.5 THE RAINFALL. The following points of rain were re- corded yesterday:— Points. Points. Avoca .. .. .. .. 52 | Linton .. .. .. .. 36 Ballarat .. .. .. 43 | Learmonth .. .. 30 Bendigo .. .. .. 16 | Lilydale, steady rain. Beulah .. .. .. 11 | Meredith .. .. .. 34 Birchip, light showers | Minyip .. .. 57 Bacchus Marsh 42 | Macedon Upper, steady Colac light showers. | rain all day. Casterton .. .. .. 20 | Murtoa .. .. .. 50 Castlemaine, steady. | Nhill .. .. .. 60 "Iran « Marsh "0 Penyhuwl heavy Drysdale l8 Pakcnhim 21 Donii I IS llninsoy 11 ippmp; heavj rain Sale IO I onion GO SI \rnau 1 40 Creen«! orough *i0 Trentli un heavy nun fJceionc shower« Tnialiïou "0 Healesville 5" Talbot to Heathcote H Warracknabeal ¿t Horilnun "0 li dderbuni 22 Kilmore slcadi I lelicl&m; -, Kvneton sUidv \\\ ilian "a 1 er n-v ile «howers Merribee 1(1 1 ancctMii 50 SENSATIONAL INCIDENTS AT SEYMOUR. MAN SEEKS REFUGE IN RIVER. GALLANT RESCUE FROM THE FLAMES. SEYMOUR, Monday.—The fire that has been raging in this district since Wednes- day has been unparalleled here, and the de- struction is even greater than was feared. The record heat on Sunday caused the fire to burn even more fiercely than on previous days, and, consequently, greater damage was done. At Mr. P. Dempsey's, on the Lower Kobyboyn road, the greatest difficulty was experienced in saving the house. From Dempey's the fire jumped the Hughes Creek into G. Sloper's property. The grass here was very long, and the fire travelled quickly. Only two of the Sloper family were at home, and the fire demolished their wool- shed, wattle-bark, and hay stacks, and roasted several of their cattle, the cows suf- fering most severely. The new house, situa- ted about 40 yards from the sheds, was saved, From the Slopers' residence the flames roaredl up the big cutting, crossed the creek again, and ran through Jeffrey's farm. Here they met another fire, and Jef- freys' was literally cleaned out excepting onlv the house. Moloney's 640 acres ad- joining was swept by the flames, leaving not a vestige of grass. All efforts to stop the fire were useless, and it travelled into the Falconvale Estate, leased by Mr. Andrew Callen Here two thousand three acres went in smoke in a few minutes. The rapidity of the fire was al- most incredible. Messrs. Arkell's, at Tar- combe and Ruffv, suffered similarly as the fire travelled on towards Longwood. As yet it is impossible to calculate the number of sheep destroyed. The hilly nature of the country and the extraordinary pace at which the fire travelled would not allow of a quick muster, and it is expected that hund- dreds have perished, as well as many fat cattle. Those guarding the fire at Wor- rough on Sunday evening had a most sen- sational experience, and several had very narrow escapes from death. The fire broke out again in the cultivation flats. This was caused by a spark blowing from a tree-top. About a dozen men were standing around at the time, guarding, and expecting it to break out, but when it did they were power- less. The fire fairly burst all round and they had to run for it. One young man, named Phillips, was caught, and burned about the head and face. To save himself he jumped into the river. Another young man, R. Morrison, was also caught, and was rescued by W. McKay, who galloped into the flames on horseback, and carried him out. The fire in the cultivation pad- dock jumped from stook to stook, the flames reaching 20ft high. The whole crop was consumed, as well as 70 tons of stacked hay, all owned by Mr. McKimmie. While endeavouring to save the stack, the fire came up so quickly that two young men, T. Guild Johnston and McKimmie, had to push a card into the lagoon and jump into it for safety. Worrough homestead was again attacked, and the fire burnt to the fence. By making a trail, the place was saved. The burning of a trail was a most difficult un- dertaking, and the men had to be con- stantly hosed to keep their clothes from catching. The daughters of Mr. KcKenzie showed remarkable courage in this work, and they even assisted in burning trails. The whole of the Worrough water supply was exhausted in saving the home. At this time the heat was most itnense, and many sheep dropped dead 200 yards away from the fire. All the horses have been knocked up with the excessive work of the past few days, while several have had their tails and manes burnt. FIRE FRONT OF 40 MILES. STAMPEDE OF CATTLE. SEYMOUR, Monday. — The supply of food lo the fire-fighters has been most difficult and the women have been up night and day cooking. Of all the large Worrough Estate there is only a little grass left on the opposite side of the road. Higher up, in the place known as the cricket-paddock Chisholm Bros. have been cleaned out entirely. Here it was thought ample provision was made for yard- ing the stock, but when the fire came in sight the cattle smashed down stout stock- yard fences and stampeded through the fire. All were severely burnt. The fire in this direction travelled as far as Cath- kin. The property of Mr. Aitken was de- stroyed, including his beautiful residence. With the greatest difficulty the stock on the other side of the river were saved. Mr. McKay's residence was just saved. The outhouses of Mr. W. Halpin were destroyed, as were a new spring- cart and jinker. On Sunday night, all hope of doing any good was given up, although a constant watch was kept. Many had not slept for days, and were entirely fatigued. Cases of heat apoplexy were frequent, al- though none were very serious. On Mon- day morning the weather cooled down, and enabled the burning trees and logs on the boundary of the fire to be extinguished by water-carts. Mr. Blake, the captain of the Seymour Fire Brigade, aided by numerous other residents of Seymour, went out and assisted in this work. In the afternoon the clouds came up, and at 4.30 p.m. a steady downpour took place. This sufficed to stop any fear of the fire spreading further, and those working were able to discontinue. The amount of damage cannot yet be estimated. Several bridges have been destroyed, and hundreds of miles of fencing. On Sunday it was estimated the fire had a front of 40 miles. FIERCE FIGHTING. SIR RUPERT CLARKE'S PROPERTY. 20,000 ACRES OF GRASS BURNT. MANAGER AND HORSE SCORCHED. ROMSEY, Sunday.—A fire broke out on Friday on the estate of Sir Rupert Clarke, about a mile and a half from the Bolinda- vale homestead. A strong north wind was blowing, and the fire spread and travelled rapidly towards Fenton's HIll. At Congre- gella Creek the wind Changed to the south, and the fire was brought back in a north- easterly direction through Barrett's and Chown's paddocks into the Green Hills estate. It was stopped for the night by the efforts of a strong army of workers from the station, equipped with fire-beaters, and acting under the supervision of Mr. Robert Clarke, the manager. On Saturday the fire broke out again at the back of Hemphill's farm, but was soon got under control. To- day, at about 11 o'clock, a gale from the north carried some live embers from smoul- dering timber across the road near Hurst's, and the fire broke out again, passing out of the Green Hills estate into Tom's pro- perty, where it was still raging when night set in, and the wind veered to the south. Mr. Clarke estimates the station losses at several thousands of sheep, nearly 20,000 acres of grass, and many miles of fencing. A good many sheep were saved through the efforts of the fire-beaters, assisted by volun- teer helpers. The Bolindavale cattle-house, in which were stalled some bulls and heifers worth many thousands of pounds, narrowly escaped, and would have been consumed but for the walls and timber portions being persistently drenched with water. Mr. Frank Clarke's residence, near the old home- stead, was no one time almost completely surrounded by flames, and Mr. Robert Clarke's own residence was in a similar position. Provision for the fire-fighters was made at the homestead. Carts laden with water and other necessaries were despatched at frequent intervals, the drivers using re- markable expedition, and showing great nerve in negotiating difficult country. Mr. Robert Clarke's well-known horse Lancer, which he was riding, was burnt slightly, and Mr. Clarke suffered painful injuries to his face and right hand, the latter being seriously burnt. Tile fire is supposed to have originated through the carelessness of some sports- men who were shooting on the run. Monday.—The wind kept in the south, and brought with it early this morning a drizzling rain, which has removed all danger of a recurrence of the sensational experi- ences of yesterday. About 10 miles of range to the south-east of Romsey afforded a bril- liant spectacle last night, being brightly illu- minated from end to end with burning trees and stumps, which every now and then shot into flame and emitted showers of sparks. This afternoon a heavy fall of rain took place, and 35 points were recorded. All fires are now extinguished. Great rejoicing has taken place over the fall of rain. The grass and potato crops will be greatly bene- fited. HEAVY LOSSES AT KILMORE. IxiLMORF Alonday-Tomrls Chintin district immense hn»oe has been eiuscd bv bush fires and fatm nftei firm has been de»nstaled On Sitnrila» i fieico north »icsterlj »»ind dio»e the file fiom Bolinda through Chintin, and on to Darraweit Guim. J lorn accounts to hind Ali 1 fomspio Eel ty Ins been s»vept mi) all of his gi isa, ouse» ) al ds fencing ¿Le berne, destioyed Air \ndrc»v \llen s piopeit) »»Inch ad joins is a blackened mass the homestead only rtmainini, Ali W est Lobb lost nil of his ci ops glass and fencing and Air AV J Lobb nis propel ty on tno sides of the fire his loss being o»er 10 000 acies besides a number of sheep missing his sheep \ards and other place« being burnt Vt Clunie Lstate thepropcit) of Air Duncan Al Gie gol it is lepoitcd that some CO valuable stud shoithoin cittle nie missing The piopeities of AIcssiH Al C irth) Bros D \\[ Donnel and Mrs 1 Aloore suffc-ed seierelj the hrc traielhng »nth txtraordin ary lapidity on ing to the long dry grass in) attempt it beating out being almost futile and many bcateis had to fly for then h»es so intense »»as the heat Iho fire tia»died with the noith »nnd on to the Bio idmeidons road beyond the Deep Cieek Bneepinga ntimbci ot properties, but definite particulais are not »et to hand On Sunday morning »vhich nis abso lutd) the hciccst diy expeneneed foi mun) )cira volumes of smoke arose fioin the pre nous days lire The 1 caters nho weie summoned ft oin ill pitts of the disinct nero poucrless to stand the in tenait» of th,. heit the hie raging »nth filly along ill of the gullies and de j mg all ittemp s to ched i In tie aficinoon the »»ind changed to the south but c»en then »»ith its strong fotee the file »»as dnven bar] into new countr» and late this morning »vhen hghi. run fell, it »»as cheeked to a degree near the ¿So J Creek But for this and »nth th latei lain the fire »»ould ha»c tn»e scd through "springfield md the Kilmore "-nr »ei distill ts V Ililli Cinip Pinn »estci la» aftci noi n dilling the sei» ice i the litsb» terian Church nheii the »»ind eli n^cl the »vholc conntij »»as enveloped in hciw volumes of smoke ind those ptesent hur licdlv let Incline] mulei Hie impression tint the lue wis in hr-umitv Hip south wcstciu ski w is illiimiintel foi miles flout in enlv hour on "-utidiv evening until this n i raine but w i til n g io 1 low np nu of run ivlueh 1 ippilv lomniruiccd to dal ill dan ger of ifuithei sprcid s it in cn 1 Tliiough tie confinan ition mai v thoi smds of icics of hu 1 line leen dev ist ited beides cou s ¡el li le loss of s oek SERIOUS DAMAGE IN THE NORTH- EAST M V\t U iTI i Mon 1 iv -Hu» di tu t liïcted vcielilvl li lire din int. the in tcn«c 1 ii of le ten du ml while full le iori t the (IMUM- cinnot vet be iscci túnel it is -eltun ti it luinv hundreds p linds not h of propertl line been de stiovtl li o lux-« one nt the liol til and tie i tlier it the south hil gleit intcie t lor Wongirittn lcsidents The tire in H e south cro«>scd the \\\ arlu Ranges from I inn mel md quiekli traversed the <«outh Wau gindi distnct where the ninjonti of the settle!- arc gta.icis Ml the gnss md fencing w is burnt in an irea of JO miles bj 5 miles and sei eui homesteids bid inn on cenpes Iheprmcipil uffcrers aie Messrs Geoi-gc Handle- \\\ 11 luiflc T Dalgleish Bislnn h>mgh P J llynn J Alillcn M Nolan and M OKceffe The most sen ous fire m bpnnghurst since settlement be gan ¿5 jeirs ago occurred shortlj after muidas Hie fireoni,inaled ltiscommonly reported through a man throw ing a quantiti of lue ashes into his jard Hie flames were fanned by n gale of wind ii Inch chopped in int ions din étions el erj half hour caus mt the lue to spi-cnd over the district nth amazing inpiditv Intense alni m followed Dense masses of smol e and dust dukencil the outlook and it -was impossible to see moie thnn 20 chains awai Hie first lim m ition of the close proximitj of the fire w is in mam cases the sight of the flames cour ing npidli icioss tile stubble that is frc quciitly allowed to stand near firmhotises Absoliitcli nothing could be done lo baie propertl in the face of such masses of Mime* cn ned along hi ii hat ivas a mira cane, and the escu|>es during the height of tile gale testerdni afternoon were due lather to freiks of wind thin the operations of the hundreds of men who gathered to assist ' .The fire stirtcd at Norong si oi seien miles from bpnnghurst una at 4 o clock it had reached to within a quartci of « mile of the township During its course four holme, hundreds of acres of ciops bigo of gram thousand» of acres of glass i d miles of fencing were burnt Hie tom ship itself was in imminent danger but rcsi dents were unawure of their serious position until the hie lins tlneateniug to overwhelm them There uns then n genet ii tin n out and the good woik done was assisted bj i fall of wind which cniblcd the progress of the flanm» to be checked The Church of England on the outskirts of tile township ins ignited but «ned from dmnnge though tnerj blodc of grisa in the paddock surrounding it was burnt The Catholic Church a shot t distance mini was also in jcopaidj and several houses in the neigh bom hood were thieitcned Hie appeal ante of the plnce to dal "hows how niinovv w iH the cscipo of the township Onlj approximate los cs can be given but the most serious lo ers ni e Dunne Brothers who jiad two bon es and all contents con sinned with 000 bag» wl c it tin ce pig» a lioisc machinen well built outbuildings and 1 oOO acres of grass mil fencing li nnd 1 Rnnl in homestead of eight rooms willi furniture dinughl horse i llued it JUO 73 bags o it» huge quantilv of who it milln ncrj and 800 acres ot gi ass and fmeing A large vincjard mid orchind were also sen ouslj damaged but the extensile wine collu n is «-aied lohn Wighton 160 acres of grass n large group of outbuilding machinent 100 bigs of illicit and sti Is Eduard Keogh house and 240 acics of lnv with fencing Pntricl 0 Brien ''00 bags of oit« 15 acres of wheat crop 100 bigs of illicit n stripper and winnower 700 acre« grass and fencing 40 tons hav and foin slravv stacks Robert "A lghlon stacks of hal gras» md fencinc Du id Wightnn linj slniv grass ind fencing P Jim gin 1m gc quailtitj of w beat w nggon gri s nnd fencing B Cunninghim 400 acics of ciop michincri grass and fciicmc, Other loser» of class fencing ind crop include Robeit MPhcison Peta Dinsdale Miss Dinsdile 1 Gulliver T Toohcj Airs AlApiliou \ Suns T Pond A Glint and IT Allison I he fire is being inxiouslv watched todaj but so far has not spreid bejond the limits reiched last night MACEDON SANATORIUM ENDANGERED EPPl R Al VCr*DONT Alondnv -Tridij nflernoon s bii«h fire bioke out on the Stonev Cieel A illey at; the foot of Aiount Toolong A south westerly wnnd was blow ing at the time and fanned bv this the file soon reached serious proportions One portion travel sod the mountain in n noith easterlj direction whilst mother travelled north along the lollci Huellen ing the A'lctonnn sanatorium and several ninnie residences near bv A lirge num bcr of residents and visitors who tinned out to fight the fne spent the afternoon ni lighting file brcil s and bv this moins thej cventuallj succeeded in checkinc, the out bleak Owing to the lnfinminablc nnluie of the canias tentsi the banntotium lins in len greit peril foi some consideinblc time bli dei the supervision of the,matron (Aljss I Al Hardie) fire bucl ets nero placed in lendi ness md jets of wntci were plijed on to the most exposed tents in order to mini mise the dinger fiom filling spill s To wards evening the fire begin to burn ilself out but about 9pm it freshened again endangering the sanatorium The bcjteis howexcr, lind very little difficullj in sub duinç this outbreak the u md Hint had been blowiuc. all the nfternoon linville prcuniislv dropped In oi der lo ensure safetv ni itch iv l8 kept ill mghl OUTBREAK AT SLRA ICI ION SIRVICIION Sundij -f-nturdii was the hottest daj of the season the thei iiiomctcr going ns high,is llldcg in the slnde ii hilo n strong lind scorching wnnd blew in nn castcilv direction About Inlf pist J pm i file biolti out in the con fines of the town mid tinicllcd at i tri mendous into I ho bouse« winch ire built Enncipally of Hood wcie in grerçt dnnget ut by Hie united and sislemutic working of all, Ihcj ucie saied bnfoi tuna tell the tv ind w is too strong foi the frc fighlers ind thei xould not lie id the dimes which set fix to four hai stnel s 1 -longing to Mi Ml AlCiffrej together willi ill his sheds in winch lie bul i niinibet of fanning nu plements All uno consumed \fiei i lime Hie wind nbitccl and ti e ivoikcis who included mon women ind eluldicn got the fire undei contiol iftct it had tinicllcd about two miles ind i half Air AlCnflroi cstiinntcs Ins loss it C400 nt least 1 his is the first bushfire ivlueh Ins onuircd in the district for n great m inj jcais TWELVE MILES OF FLAME. HALF ROASTED CALVES SHOT. SWIFT'S CREEK, Monday-A tremen dous bush fire broke out here yesterday and raged about the Tongio Gap between Swift's Creek and Omeo appearing also at Bindi. For miles the whole country was devistated. The homesteads of Messrs Johnston, Huggins, Condon, Jones Healey and Coffey were in grave danger of destruc- tion but ultimately all were saved. Though the losses in grass and stock are not yet known, Mr A Fregon lost two stacks of hay valued it over £300 and numbers of sheep. The house was saved with difficulty. Miles of fencing were burned and the fire is still raging for a stretch of 12 miles. Telegraph poles were burned down stopping all communication with Bindi. Messrs Doyle Yapp Lowe. Gibson and Margetts have lost thousands of acres of grass. At the Gap Constable McNamara shot 15 calves which he saw on the road half roasted. HOMESTEAD BURNED AT WHITTLESEA AVHITTLLSLA Monday-A. most dis «straus fire occuricd it AÁhilllescn, when tlic grnB«. lands R G AVtlson Ketts Timms AV Alason Hie church globe and Eden pnrk wcie burned Miles of fencme, has been de etroyed and manv head of stock roistcd The residents of the township turned out but til elfoits to «ne Ali U G "Alisons homesteid at line loci puk nero uuaiail ing thniti.li the finnituip ills sived Both Mi AVilaon mil Air Cluk lost then lnj stacks loi tuna tely Ali Wilsons stud sheep weie in i nvei pad lock iway from the scene of the fue wini li origin tied at 1 den park ind spieid oici the whole of the western hills Ali t i irk has been specnlly unfortumti having lost a few months i_n t irt i f h s pninisci In file I ho insui mee coull not le isiei tuned GLENROWAN THREATENED GLENROWAN Monday -Between 10 and 11 tins miming i lire bro! e out on the dam lum of Ah I 1 C S idler ind i verj strong nortl vi t wind rirried it over the countrj ti the Ir k ie«idence of Alt V Bulev Here the flames were nctunlh driving in it tin windows when hi dint of strutt« u excitions Hie lu use wes tved 1 pilli» diS|HM itc h"hung »»as »» igcd round thou icmt of*\li W ( inning Mr G W din Air 1 \\\ Snncock» Air W liol lorn» mil Mi H I Rc»nolds U Air Re»Hold» » the fire stopped on the north side oi the '»»ilnc» road tim» suing the tonn hip of t luuo»»*au »»huh it one time «ecincd du nu 1 On the eist side of G!<*n ion in the lire cio»»cd the mun road und »»qt thioiigh the properties of Ale«»i-s Milli Dilgli li OKceffi 1» In unir-» and tim Hu »i rind ih lo»!» of Ali Ahllers le ilciicexiorc- ifield it »»is muni» o\»ing to the clloit of the lc-idcnts tliat the In u cs «eie »uni uni »»hen night fell the »»nil ilroppc I mil the ]io-,u»s of the lire »outlinaiils »»is »t i) pc 1 In 'he Greta C uni Tin file spread sime distance to the not th in 1 e t I ni tliou»ind of acre» of el i»s miles of fencing and in »onie el es stotk mil ciii] line leen di»tro\eil i he pinui| ii suffern» in the immediate ili-tilet ucMessis \ Rule» \\\ I Cirr W Cm niii" 1 W* Simcod s \\\ I follona) li I Ruiiold» I 1 Aliller R In unlej Dil dish O Keellc RUNNING FIGHT AT RIDDELL R1DD1II Afondi» - Hie morning bloke With a fierce bl ist of heit lomrds noon volumes of dense »moke viere seen m the direction of Neu Gisborne fi\e milc i»»a» md shot ti) afteroaids i fire stirted m the paddock of Mr lohn Williams at Wooling It entered the 1 Idershe I state of Air andren Murri) and »»is tn»elhng at i funous i ite to»» nils Riddell I ldcrs he Estate »»as eomplitel) sntpt ^and tho finn houses ind sticks nere sived »nth difhcult» Ali Altura» losing all the grass and fencing in Ins e**tcnsi»o piudoeks ind Ins loss must be considenble The lue insscd on to the huge graring paddocks of Alessrs Campbell Bios mil bmnt here »nth great fur» 1 ortiinatel» i shooting part» from Carlton »»ero in tin proxniut» of the »vool shed and h) their effort» these build inga were sa»cd but »nth gieat difficult» One of the part) »»as scotched on the face ind hands After passing through Atcssr Catnpbell s the Doolan Hill farm of Ali Jinica Williams »»is attacked ind the file uas ched ed onl) after i quantity of grass »HIS lost and man» stool's or eom consumed The »»mil foitiinatcly changing it blew the bro on tho north line back into the ranges Late in the night the fire could be hcaid rolling thiotif-h the ranges and on to Mount Robertson »vherc it still riges but on ing to a »ideóme change and slight rain, no further danger oi damage is expected D -.Al \Gi: \T ClillaTFRV CHTLTLRN Mond.) -The fires raging in tlio Chiltern and Barna-varthi districts »vere got undei control this morning I ho one near hcio is travelling slonly tonards W ooragec, but lhere ia nothing much to feat be\ti»l gt iss paddocks were burnt out last night the sufferers being Alessrs < ' Alartin and Cannon Ali V, a »ace s house and buildings «ere complet » destro»eJ Serton lost u quintil» or timber and giass but the ¿lomcstend did not suffei a gre it dell of damage A bridge belonging ti Chiltern slutc on the Beech»»oith road wis consumed Aft Tre»cna, of the I ldondo Station loses n quantit» of grass and lone ing Bejond burning timber and grass on Cronn lands the Banian ai tim fire did not do an» furthei ihmngc Hie heat is still terrific but there is i complete absence of any strong ninds V Inge fire is ingiug ni the direction ot Spiinghuist YOUNG MAN INJURED ALEXANDRA. Monday.-During the past three days the thick smoke from bush fires has obscured the sun Chaired lenes and burnt gnss have been falling thiel I» Aeslerda» fires nae reported from Catii kin and Buxton About fi»o o clock »c tcrdij afternoon a lue started on the Acheron road neal the lesidenee of Ali - Gorman tu o miles from the tounship I lu high »»ind swept the lire past AU »o» s uni into the Ri»ei dale propel I» V lagoon picicntcd it from spreiding to the »tition piopeit» »»hete »aluahlc stud sheep and cattle were giat-ing Mi V Hcnniston nas fortunile m escaping the file but Joi don» boine»tcad nnrionly iseipcd Great excitement pie»ailed (ibu ilthniigh but fen helpers »»cíe on the spot the fire »» is fought out close to the buildings On the Kingsioid proper!) the fite reached »»lllun i fen ) nils of the homestead Had it noc been for the inn al of the Lade Bros Mr G A Cool son and his men it »loultl liri*.t. been dcstio»cd together a» ith the residences ot Lade BIOH Cookson, and the indi pin port» lite fighters numbered about i0 »lr T T indslroiii and Ali I" A 1 ox len dered valuable issistance Foi oioi thtcc miles the lue »» is fought The sight at night \»as magnificent Mr Hcrmiston n said to hi»c lost several stud sheen lene ing of com se »» as destro» ed and thousand.», of ici es of cris» \ »oung man m the eniplo» of Mi T Tordon »»a-- »esteiday cieuing brought into the hospitil suffering fioin se»ere binns about the face head arms and should« s tliiongli, it ia sud being surrounded by the llamos ind filling to the ground The caso is a »cry tenons one HEAT CASUALTIES BARNAWARTHA, Monday.- Another case of sunstroke occurred here yesterday, the victim being a young unmarried woman, named Mary Draper. Se was removed into Chiltern tor medical assist ince, and is now in a precarious condition. A TIIOUS \ND SHUT DESTROYLD OT! 1ER STOCK LOS I AF\, ATondi» -\ foirful fire riged ill da) )csteida» m the Chin Ghin and Snit zetland ihstiicts On Friday it crossed th nvor at Maher s piopertv Kemsdale and snept through Mr S Marshall s Tcianga »lile J state Jt burned fierce.) onSattudi» 1 ill Sundi) »»is the culminating dnv the high noithcrly »nnd miking it like the blast of a furnace and it nas impossible to fate the fire It spioul it a gre it nie tluough the mopeltios of Messis Purcell Andeison, "»nötigt iss IMoiiighin and Uthcn Biotheis. 1 rom the tounship the scene was ippilling, and it seemed it one time is if tho lue ncie right in the ¿veiling»» olth estate, »»Inch al most suit olinda the lo»vn Vt ibout 1 o clock )esleída» the fire »»as it its licir-ht md the ¡ino non lcsidcncc of Ml A IS Aitl on, on the Snits-erlind J» tate cmght (ne ind, despite ill elioit» »» is quid lv consumed With the exception of i puno nothing nas sated The fire almost m ide i dein snoop tliioiit.li tho c»t itc dcstro» ing miles of fencing, and pi ii tie ill» licking np evci) thing in ils com si 1 he "suit/ciland Ringes last night nore ibli?c horn biso to summit So efforts tould ched the dcioming iii incut »»Inch it tnghftill »»is nial ing stioni, lieulnn tollards the Ruffy ilistnct lo di» Hu ncithci in much eoolci nilli a soiitlierl) bno/e bloning Tlicic his been i considerable loss of stock in the distill t hut nt present it is impossible to foi ni an cstimitc 1 lie Mcssi» Ait! cn lltothcrs have honc»ei lost o»er I 000 sheep, lududing some pnzc lams li ßRIBLE DLSTP.UCTION VT RC-Il W ORÍ 11 WAR VNC. \ líA"»!**: '\ SI \ 01 J IRI KOHWOltlll Monda)-One of Iho most dcstruelnc lues over Hccn m this dis tritt broke out vesterila) und caused »»ide Fpuid ilciihfition Hie hie started »»ithin half i mile of IhoWaiangi Basin outlet camp ind the »nnd »vhich »vas blo»»in¡, ni most a c,alc fiom the north »»est and »i is i perfect bncklielilci quickly earned it along Within a couple of hours the lue hid tinvcllnd some ten or t»velvo miles ami the intervening fal ni piopeities »»PIC si»cot-standing crops slacks of grim fin ni implcmeiitH homesteads und outhouse« all shume the s nucí itc A lirgc qiiiuititj of »tool »ins also dcstro)cd In the afternoon the mud suddenly »eeled lound to the south and the people to the north then had a turn Hie Ino is still burning, and it is hard to say lvhat futlhei damage mil result 1 he flimes travelled »vitli such rapiibt» that in many casca the »vomen fled frrm then homes and sheltered on fallon ed lind At night the scene »vaa aivcihsmung the fire having burnt an mea some n»c oi Bit miles »vide by 10 in length The bed of tho Walang! Basin was a sea of fire Amongst the principal suffereis »»eie Messrs Geo Anderson (who lost his home and ill belongings) Methennghani nnd liasei (»vho also lost then homes) Wont ton, Allen Gunn lngnm, Hnmmund lim nnian, Collner, Steigenbeyer, W Andei son ind mail» others In nearly c»eiv case all bims, outbuildings, and giain x»cic de stio) ed \IN OUIBRUAX WDRICD ¿CORONGA ALI* Monday -A bush file »» is aicrted here )c»terday through se»ci ii residents turning out and aftei a lietel mined fight nutting out i fire »»Inch l igcd in i paddock knonn is Gibson s but non in the possession of Ali» W Hamilton If tin nie 1ml not been got under eontiol no Hung iiiild hue aivtd the count)y foi miles a ,m ii ( rent praise is due t > Messrs W llunilton 1 \ ernon \ Vol non IMn ird Dmilsoti (tno) Gibson uni others í » their tunelv ml Bl rill 1 S DFSrROA 1 I) THli.C.0 11 iel iv - Hie »vholc of Ihc dis tuet i» enveloped in smoke and files are burning on even side thousands of acres of grass and fencing being burnt, also many culverts and bridges in the road between Dargo and Stratford. TWENTY MILES OF COUNTRY DEVASTATED OLD MAN BURNED TO DEATH. CORRYONG, Monday - A disastrous buih fire broke ont at Tintaldra "-"tanon i ettenia v, when about 2) miles of conntn weft devastated The bomenead was saTed but «-Teral adjo nmg selector- were burnt out. During the progress of tlie fire an old agc pensioner named Richard Smith was burnt to death in his hut Owing *o the hign wnnd, the fire spread ten rapidlv, and several narrow escapes «.re reported Fiftv acres of crops belong ..ne to Mr John Turner were destrored Tie fire wa» checked on the bank« of the Murraj, near the «tanon homestead and did ] not cross to New "south TA ale* It 1« «-till burning on «be bank; ot Alount Mitta "Mitta A large party oi beater are endeavouring to check the fire to- night There are indica 30ns boweicr 01 changes this eienng SNAKES "-LFFLR AT A\ OCA AA OCA Alond.v -The hush tire was ti j fectcalli stopped to-day ofing to the bean fall of rain The full losses reno- ed arc - A*, oodstock E.tate 1 *«"U acre« g*"as>, four miies fencing, and few sheep Lei um Town Common oOO acre- Sandland 2a acres, M Cartbv 47 acre- Bnedv 700 acres 1 ton« hav and i*/l 1 o-th of wattles liar lake 40 acres Mr_ Baulch 30 acre-. Mann 20 an«., Mis», Nicnoll». 290 acres, A, Alurphv 20 acre- and -table J R "-tmpfcin ' »S acn»s, Wjfiiam '"impkin, I3o acres, A. Murpbv, sen 80 acres, ana Hennr H0D0 wav hou«e and contents A bnage belong ng to the Lexton *-bi"c was 2Î-0 burnt ""maller lo «ps are nrwrti«- bv J Grar J I «m th AS Giles ani C Grai To-dav the j bodies of 40 make- and 100 rabbit- which bad been killed bv the fire were dis c-iered HFBW1CK. VOTISIV -Ex-tennve bash Sr_- hare ( bc*n ncînr tbrourHou th* elstree* ourmi: the ¡ ta 'eVT d-ve, and «*re-xl cf lae -codent* oí Ofhcer, Lower Beacca«5e'd, Lrç«rr Bexoo-sñeld. 1 "vx-Te 11 sr-f-Tl. and Narre TI arma Nc-n-t, hare 1 raffe-td cctinderxble la«* ihronxh ta* de«-ruction ] c' frac«, ra» ami cutbilildlEEî. I C*rS"Vr.T3HAllE, JJondxv -Heavy rai» coa 1 r>_¿-ad at no*?l wita cve*v tr-osix-ct ot x o-ntinu j .nea Selectors «re jub Uni x« the *p-W"r waa j .ne dn*«* on record. ' FPPIVC I'oadtiv -The dirarhi b*r«s hu a 1 last broken up «"pletiCjd ram« fe- -bout 1 ' o elude and thröcchoe* the alternóos ~nd there « ererv f^ioex-xnce el the j c'ownrrnr- conllmnrsr Fo~ the past few nurht« ' the «tv tit- irther» lo the north and noth wes wa« lurhted ep bv t>e rüßeclion o' bush fires. C08DOX M radar - Ba«h trt-s wee rx-nm; in I tie butía vcrerdav a f w îrïles nonh. A* there vu 2 «trocs sortit ho wind bkeannr fnxn <-xilr j mooline until about hilt part ^ o clocar it was (eared thxr th* fire would come cn to Bolwuah | »Icet four rrile« fro-n Gordon. Forttmxtelv 11 ?wind c&xnged; to the west e_"-finir_r the £ e to ¡ the fore*t To-dav 1 owt- rer ill bn«h fire* in tbi d* «înt* exrlv morning R-in was never so badlv wantcd here before The ere**_. vrate-Jaoles. and 1-nk* will now be rrpleiis**«". *nd it is even ron j rd-red th-t the Ute-«cvrn po ato«, -nd receutioû1 or al! "dads will «j-nnr up T-»-dav t!^ tem j-^atore has fallen to eïûc-g and tbe "am appean likelv to contnrae throucbout the n-ptu. II?_m^G- Mondav-l hum fire lr-ol» mi s I Balnamrç in one o' the Hie CHa-îe* M richi * r-addocks. A «Tcanti v of r-a*« and fencing and »el the out»n.i]dinES *t*e deitrovr«!. and the house . had a narrow «Kap* i MILDUE.*. Mondar - I «¡tiare in Olive-arenee 1 took fine to-dar while tbe occupies were absent j st a picauc, bat ene neighbours mxnarrt-d ^» « tlrnruk* the fiame« before much dxmasre vra« done, j Tie building and content« were in«n ed in lb* Colonial Martial Fire Companv N 41 vRRE. llow'iy -In x «ccrchini; wird a buen ¡ f re santa at KarU» Mlleí oí xrraH were bim*d in x few hoare, Tli**>THAM itendjv-Bool fires x 'ew "nile. fro n the town were verr rocnst- inj; vc«tercav IV- ond little Hxrnplon »me fenrne and Id tírsvi* «lacks vere destroved ToHÎar Í *am [mt th* rtrrxins of Jic fires complelelv cut KEW SOOTH WALES THRILTLNG FVPFRTENfF" "-FRIOI.*« To^i 01- 1 IFF ORFVT DAMAGF TO PROPFRTY M*DVE\ "Mondai -Tile fire« winch have occurred m various paru of the s ate du* mg tbe la<=t lev d.ivs are the mo«t «enou recorded for ma ni rear« lu Mest 'Maitland d «trie the dimagc 1« far in excess of th^t coiered b\ the bu_h fire» of 1S95 On the «outh «-de of Maitland «1 eral fires started on "-iturdai The flames swept oil beiore them irom Aber dare Junction to the Goiernment road An o her smaller fire burnt ont a number ot miner« 'vno ivère camped at 'Weston md Abermain Along the ranges, l>et«"een í e «ock and Alount \ mcent considerable dam i,c «as done. It 1« e«timated that thee fire» burnt an _rea of over 2 000 acre of gra- On the north-east eid« 01 Mn (lind where the dairving wdustn flourished. e"reat d-riage ha«; been done to Riicir-i* PTIK -md Mock On the mountain side irem Tocal to 1,-mbs A aller fences baistacl-- and out buildings have been demol shed and n mint )n«taneea the homesteads were saved onlv after houir of fightin;: In one paddock over 100 cattle were cornered and n m?n r lined Tiernev rode through the burning criss and rclea-^ed them Li brenkmg the icnang The Anglican Church anl the re sidence« of \\\ ilbam Carter nnd Fdt aid 'J roj, ot Bishops bridge and he re. dence of Air Thoma- Rrovrne «»re de 'roved to dai At Campbelltown "Ac-«t TS-OI k irom n engine started a fire whi-h de troved several hor-«?« and cau«cd 11 ucn damage among vwevard In «lierai m tances people írr-re obhc"d to at for thrrr lue* In one case Air ?-oiland and tnmili in «cekin- n place 01 Kifett, were closclj pu"_ucd bv the flame" and in the effort to e«cape 1 It I-* ciri got her dres« t ghtl cntnngled in a barb wire fence She ivjs rescued ju«t as the flames reached the -710t In the Howlong di«tnct the file coicren -sn area of 40 mile- bi 20 miles A strong wind earned the flame.-! at h»gh speed The tire passed throuzh the wheathrowing dé- mets of Carnsdale Goonbargand Brokes lei Hovel and Majors Creek destronne housand- of acre« of «landing crop and s ack.« of îrhcit m paddocks «sçieial homesteads were al-o burned and ma 1 binen rendered u«ele Around Carcoar the conntrv is all ablaze "-everal Hain f moer- m the Grcti d strict lost their «tock nn i saved their hou-e« onlv ninth ereat oifhcultr In the ,Gennanton di tnct thousand- 01 acres of countrv are fire-swep* n 1 as the flames are onli a lew mile- from toe township the rendent are mut h alarmed At Mimosa m the Temora des tnct a selector named Robertson is re l>orted to baie lo«t oier a thou and sheep while lo«s«s of other stock and machine- \ ire considerable In the Maitland distrc t lames A ile, a dam-man while looking for taule was oiertai.en bv the fire and had to seek refuge in ihe ruer He remained m th«» water ali night and saw seo**?- 01 wallah e» roll Jxmscltes in toe «-hal 1 >w water The fire extended all 01 er the Blue Alountain« Plen ure-seeker haic been dnvtm back to "-vdnev, but in onlv n few cases has destruction ot house properrv l*;n reported \\\ard Bro* 01 Alegalong Katoomba A allcv lost over SOO sheep A fire at Narandera waa ino-t di«astrou to crop- fencing and live «tock It burned so fiercelv tba* it leaped the mer in seieral places? Robe-t Lager lo=t his house 300 fowl« a hatstack 20 bacs of wheat and a number 01 pic- lulius "-calunke lost all his grass. ->nd TO oap- o, -wheat. The flames «prcad to Buckingbong ni here thousands 01 acres «01 grass storerooms, stacks and en gmes were de-troved A parir suncving new irrigation works had to take reiuge in the river to save tbemselves The rest dence 01 3Ir Jenkins was totallv destroyed, and it ia stated that 600 sheep perished at Grong Grong Station A erv hich temperatures were maintained m roanv districts o the state to-dat The stations reportinz 100 and over were - Albury, 105, Bathurst, IOS, Bourke 117, Cooma 10S, Coonabarabran 109, Dubbo 113 Forbe 113, Hav. 100 AAagga, 111, AValgett, 113, and "ft ilcannia 110 The heat «.bad appreciably lessened at man> places Conditions are reported to night to he favourable to cooler weather The Wagga particulars to hand to-day show that the damage ifanvthing has been under-estimated Many thousands of nuçs oí wheat was destroved The eseellent crop« which -would have averaged fullv 12 bushels to the acre have disappeared All the country is swept ,rom Galore-park, Lockhart, to Germanton and thence on to Tarcutta Tbe big stations ia Tarcutta drstnet Birffered sciereb The Mangoplah woolshed and other buildings were de s-rored The Sandv Creek ntoHned and shearing maentnerv were demolished At the Big Springs 5 000 acres 01 crops the woolshed and other bmldmgs were totallv consumed Borambola nvas sivep«. but the homestead wa« saved U Cranbole Ladv sni th Tootles Creek and Gregadoo the lanns with le v exceptions hive been Vurned out nnd mam home ead de siroted The Root. I ool home cid "n destroied Tnou-ands o mile n ,n n_ hate bce)^onsumed ,n 1 1* 1 repored toa mam thousand- o bei 1 01 ..X'MX have pen-hed in he diffe-ent pin o he d 5 _\ mag3 enal inqu rv wj held o-div tonching the deith 01 1 m n mined Hallen »ho pen ai^l at I ranou ni 1 he cvndencc sliowcl tlut le ilcccj ed v a n ven her 1 voung fellow, and had m*Je a deiermjKd effort to «ave «he hor-es waich were in a fire in toe middle of a ruddock. He -»ra overpowered bv tbe smote, and when mik ing a da_h for escape idl lie bodv w_ lotnd SO vards from the hor-es | Dis-s-rous fires al-o oecu)T*»d around Apune Wagga and A ass The pokee m ¡ali dis.nct» wnere fires are in progress have been ordered to reader a.-i-tanee and toi Uke s eps to aid families, in d tne» 1 FIERCE Ol*TBRJ-JVKS AT AVAGO A TWO LIA ES LOST i\ AGG A Snnday -The la»t week ha been one oi tbe most djsa«trous in the bis- ton- 01 this di«t-ict The beat was intense and grau havoc ins been oecas-oned by bu.n fires which have been raging almost without intemrssion since Wednesdax Us It i» irapo-rtble to give detailed accounts lof ndiridna] losses but it 1« known that the Idestrt-ction of crops has been ten. great while thousands of square miles of conntn* have been swept bare Lnjortu natel» tbe confiagranons were so fierce that the homes oi numbers oi -euler« were ¡consn-ned and the Io«-e- 01 «to«",, also have .been ver» considérable while n-Jcs upon m le» oi fencing have been burned One death from acua]burning has beeoreported the victim being a man named tallon a voung agricultural labourer, who lo«t hi» j life while endeavouring to save some ho-te» j st Bvrne a ««lection at Lranqcintv A ! wle-tor in the -ame district named Allen! "-nod-rras eked from heat apoplexy result J mc from his «ucees, tul efforts to save bisi propcrt» on Thursdav "-imultaneouslv fire» broke out on wheat fields at AI Donnell s holding, Galore-rxrk fields at Holhe s a mile distant. The first burned through Galore- park in the direction o* Arajoel-par«. where an arnsv of men were qu eil» on the scene It burned o Berrv Jerrr Station and Bnrlenbong through io Woodlands Alundowev cross- roads and "iarrasrondrv and at an early hour on Saturday morning had extended to Alooronc within three miles of tbe to*-*n i Ever» effort nae made to check its? course J and for a time the-* proved -uccessml At one time on Saturday forenoon t was, [thought that the fire at this point had been ima tered but a strong north-ea« ern wind j -prang up and flames again got ahead and ' [burned thronghout the da» sweeping îhe \--hole range or wheat-growing country The I fire that broke out at Hollie s burned to I"vards the river and was checked at tne 20 Imile po»t Grass and fencing were de s-roied. [ Another fire broke out on Fndav even rag near Ballvmoran and spread to Pomtng ala-na and Lr-nquintr and -several selec lions were more or le-s damaged Another 'fire oecun-ed on Fnday at Mittagong btation | the Sames spreading rap-dly o Rock and IA erong Creek where the) ero-ed tbe rail lira» line burning lencmg and numerous wheat r-rop I On "-aturdav evening the fire» assumed Idimen« ons v-hrch will make the time I memorable in Wagga Dnrng the-evening, i three oi the prncipal ou breaks on lhej Isouth and the eastern side of Wagga met ' ¡and thev swept on with a nerc-ness wh cb J nothinc coula withstand It »vas estimated I that th_« fire had a lace extend r-g 83 miles 'with depth of from ]-> to la irila> Wha-¡ damage tin« f-rc ha« done -r wba it w11 "lill do j« impossible at pre nt o e t ma » I Th«1 flames arc bong fought vth enere» ' ¡ard détermination The stone» ot homes lde«troied and the ruination caused to lar mer« are most harroiv ng i \esterda» and to-da» numoe-s of men were being engaged a» fire-figh er« at 0 al Ida» Cald-rell « Ijikc Vlbert v*ie-ard l-asl .saved owing to the large expenditure in this] »a» FIRE FIGHTER KILLED COROWA Monday - A young man named William Steele, employed in Mr Fromholtz of Brockelsby, who was en- gaged yesterday fighting a bush fire was burnt to death. His people are residents of Corowa. Great heat has prevailed for tie past four days. On Thursday the ther- mometer regidyered 105deg. on Friday 111deg. on Saturday 112deg. and on Sunday 111deg. On Sunday a strong north west wind was blowing and the surronnding conntry was smoke-enveloped At Ken tucky Station the out buildings stores woolshed and fenced were destroyed Horses and cattle were turned loose and stud sheep were run before the fire. Three- quarters of the station was destroyed Drays were sent into town to-day for stores and tents for employees, only the homestead having been saved. At Mr. C. H. Wright's 2.500 acres of grass and 15,000 bags of wheat were burned l>e=ides standing crops ind, mile of fencing The lo», t estimated ad ¿1000 and ii J in unni" -»a» c"f<*ctpd j Nearer Corowa Airs Kirkham s Woodland« | arm »»a' a!»o burnt oi¿ and all outbndd | ng, destrmed At I edlands Me«sr Goodwin Nixon in 1 other» lo all heir ir-a«= A Pinga» ood considerable damage ni« done In man» cases women and] children had io fight the fire to preserve their home» One se tier had to place his wife ind fam I» in a na erhole to save them I BIRDS AND ANIMALS DIE TOCUMWAL. Monday:- The wind blew strongly from the north all day, and the clouds of dust with the stifling atmosphere caused by the smoke from distant bush fires made the heat almost unbearable. The thermometer registered 120°. As evidence of the great heat, reports are to hand that all around the dams the birds, particularly quail, are lying dead. At Mr McIntosh's re- sidence, The Ranche, plover, magpies, quail larks, and landrails took refuge from the heat on the verandah and in the hall. On Sa- turday a horse belonging to the same gentle- man dropped dead while working in the stripper. About 11 yesterday morning a fire broke out at the killing yards on Hill- son's farm. A few ashes had been left under the copper, which the wind must have scat- tered, and the building was burned to the ground. To-day the thermometer is less than 95°. A RACE FOR LIFE SELECTOR'S WIFE BURNED Al BL RA Monda»-Ior the la« Sie d»»» the a»eragc maximum temperature in the «hade ha« been indee and mini mum temperature SOdeg To-dai -here na« a slight decline in *he heat but the (weather i» still oppro ne and the peopie aie m a «tate ot cxoaustion I¿a«t nigh na» the worn e»er expenenced in this di« tnet. In the conntn di diets surround ing Albun a bu«h hrc which broke out be t veen Bungowannah an 1 Jindera traveTieo. at a great late in a north-ea-terl) direction Hundreds ot men were out dunng tne greater part ot the ingot endeavonnng to check toe prog-ess oi the flame« bu with little sucec. owing to the coitinuoti.» nind .>nd the abundance o' ad"*» grass The nre traielled in much the same t-our«e 1 one .»hich fi»e »ear» deiastated Bungonannan and -"ton» park »»hen scores ot farmer were burnell out The greatest damage »»as done on W eebo-nark lea«ed b» Al Hlree and "Norman oi Vlbun Flm park onmed b» Air» We-tendorf Drummond Esta e lo-vned b» J 1 "»buter "»ton) pa-k Station jlatel- acquired bv AIe»«rs R and E Al III ¡ree and C L. Gnffitns Benambra Alanv mile» of countn were laid »raste and a num ¡ ber of farms are repoi ted to have been burn>. out Tin* homestead ot a larmer named Lenehan at Huon wa« tnreatencd and Airs Lenehan fled L mortana tely how ever she isa» over aken «ome distance -rom her hou-e and burnt to death While the fire was in progress the wind was blowing at i vdo-*itv of from 30 to W miles an hour and the flames rushed on with a Epeed that rendered all attempts to cope with them fut le and ir¡**ight -nth the greatest *-isk Alanv plpple barel) suc- ceeded in eseapiug with their Jives A re- port was rcceivea to-da» that a teamster with a -vaggon and Um horses had been surpnsed b» the rapid ad»-ance of the fire and bad been killed The police have been endeavonnng to i«ce"-jnn the truth in th»s matter but so far the report i not au thenticated Miles of gras.» and fencing ba*.e been destroved and the lo"«ca of lue stock, are said to have been ven hea» » The inten«e heat has had senous effc-ts on the health of aged people and lit le children and from d fièrent parts of the district reports ha»e been receiied of deaths from heat apoplexr DEATH AT BROKEN HILL BROM N Hil L. Alonda» - \ high temperature pre»a ' »i nroucli h«t night but a cool change ook pl^cc it -S o clock thi« morning \ da»light he hea be- came intensified tne thermometer dunng the dar touchme lOOd"? The dust "»a» mo» anno» inz tnroughoj he da» About hal pa» -J ¡bundor and du storms en » eloped the so rn ironi nor h and iver* ac oral an c1 1 » -on c -i r* honor I L« ed ibou changed o he "C h anl the tempera un- di abou la degree- The hea ho»i-e»er has again 1 ecomc \cr\ great n li storm cloud n mg irom the north we t A man named William E3jj=. affected by the sen I ¡;cs-erday. died in the hospital last n:ght. j QUEENSLAND. I BRISBAXE. Monday.-Tue weather wa« | extremely hot to-day. Gre-1 beat is being ex- j perienred throughout the slate. In Bris- ¡ bane to-dav the thermometer registered ' 102de=_ and at 9 lo-nisht lOldeg.: at War- wick "Oldes.. Clifton llOdeg.. and at Dalby yesterday lOCdeg. A death from hear apo-j piexy ¡«"reported from Yanran, the victim ' being Dr. Marks. " * \ HCSBAXD AND WIFE BCRXED TO DEATH. ' BRISBANE, Monday.-Tae house of a fawner, named Burgess, on the «*, Blackall Range, near Landsborough, was destroyed by fire on Sunday night. Mrs. Burgess was bnrnt to death, and Burgess seriously in- jured. He wa« conveyed to the Brisbane Hospital, and died about 6 to-night. - . WESTERN AUSTRALIA. " MILD SUMMER IX PERTH. PERTH, Monday.-Delightful holiday weather prevailed in Perth during the paît fortnight. The highest shade temperature recorded at the Observatory sine-e December 21 was 82deg.. and the average da fly tem iperature was about T2deg. j SOUTH AUSTRALIAX PvAIXFALL. ADELAIDE, Monday. - Rain has-been fairlv general throughout the state. At Adelaide Observatory, up to 9 p.m., 91 I points was registered. Other, reporte are: I-Meoin-rie, TS point«: Two Wells, 110; AYel lington, 75; Balaklava. 119. In the south- east district the Li/aest record wa» Xarra coorte, 33 points. In the far north only a lie«- drops fell. 