WITHOUT intending any play upon words, which, under the circumstances, would be unjustifiable, we may in sober seriousness characterise the question of Bush Fires (their cause and their prevention) as a burning one. It IN, in very truth, of the most urgent consequence that Australian* should study all the ramifications of that question in a commonsense, practical m.-inner ; seeing that the loss annually iufiicted upon the Commonwealth by the mischievous agency of bush fires runs into exceedingly big figures. The causes of these ruinspreading conflagrations are: -Criminal intention; culpable carelessness; gross stupidity or laziness ; the spark from tlie railway engine ; the negligence of the rabbit-poisoner as regards the use of phosphorous nails; the pliophorouv poisoued rabbit; the altrition of d:-y tree limb against dry tree limb in prolonged wind storms; portions of broken glass booties focussing the sun's rays 011 tinder-like bark, leafage or grass ; etc. One or two of these causes are prcventible. One or two may bo shorn of much mischievous potentiality by energetic welldirected human agency. Much can be done by individual effort to minimise the peril to which wo allude. It i«, however, to the thoughtfully designed combination of private und public exertions that the country must trust foi substantial protection against such a regularly recurring menace. A restriction of the uso of wix vesta matches; great care in the laying of phosphorous baits ; judicious clearing away and burning of rubbish and grass about homesteads aud woolsheds—those, and similar, stops are of IN,; prime importance and (in a measure) within the range of individual effort. With regard to combined agency, it is very frequently resorted to so late as to forfeit a largo percentage of its preventive character And just hero we would quote the Bush Fire preventive policy which a contributor to the S. M. Herald recommends for (compulsory) adoption by larger land or " run " holders :—"The central idea is that 011 every holding, or groups of holdings, of, say, from 20,000 to 40,000 acres, the lessee should be comj-ellcd to cnclose a space not less than 10 chains wide, intersecting the run for its full length or breadth. Speaking generally, the dovice may be conceived as a ribbon-paddock with paral • leled sides, which would be " packed " during the spring months, when the grass was green and growing. By the expression "packing ' is meant putting for limited periods into the paddock a number of sliecp out of proportion to the carrying capacity of tho area—in short, overstocking it. . . . . At first a large number of slock would bo depastured to cope with tho rapid spring growth of tho grass. As the grass disappeared and summer approached the uuu'ber of grazing stock could be reduced so that 1 he pasture would be equal to their requirements until the area w*s fed bare. By this means immense fire breaks would be made on the tun, with the assistance of which the plucky fire fighters would bo able to arrest the onrush of the fiercest fire. An obvious advantage of these firebreaks would be that they would provido for combined effort as against the individual efl'ort which we find from bitter experience proves so unavailing against the impetu ous alid irresistible rush of bush fires. The combined force of the firebeaters could either follow the fire 011 masse until they reached this firebreak and there beat it out, or they could assemble 011 the edge of this firebreak and as tho fire approached fire the edge of the break and turu a trail back to meet the maiu fire, whose fury would be checked half a mile or a mile, as the case may be, from the next tract of grass countrj'." But even supposing that s.omo such scheme as -that were embodied in the Statute Book, a policy of far larger topographical (not to say geographical) scope would still be a requisite, if adequate defence against Bush Fires is to be provided. Now, wo cannot help thjnlcing that, con- •jj.Jering the State possesses in ga)pre, Land J?OfU'd* ».nd Stock and Pasture Boards onu Roads Superintendencies (with any number if officitiu thereunto belonging constantly traversing the several up-country provinces of New South Wales) there should be no great difficulty '"n fixing it up (in each district centre) a Staff capable of dovising a local fire-fighting policy in anticipation of cach hot season. Rabbit inspectors, forest rangers, land surveyors and road superintendents ought to bo able to keep the head of such a Staff fully en rappert with locil conditions as to growth of grass, etc. Were such information accurately and timely supplied, tho said Staff could plan a strategic campaign against the circumstances favoring an advent and advance of the Fire Fiend. They could warn (wou'd that telephonic communication was more fx lauded than it is in the country distiicts) isolated homesteads; and, tiion, with all such recruits as t\iey could manage to enlist, they could proceed to burn off protective "lanes" frotn point to point as indicated on their plan of campaign. In this way something might be done systematically all over the " rural" territory of the State, ere the raging dog-days, came, to render it difficult, if not impossible, for Conflagration to be able to run abiolutely " a-mok " for miles on miles of a desolating progress. When new Act is passed by Parliament, any fresh administrate duties it imposes me usually dumped down on the broad shoulders of Policeman X—a method of executive government whereof we HIO not enamored. Yet, although believing that .a public servant's duties should not be so arbitrarily multiplied 11s to couvert him into a sort of Jack of nil trades and master of none, wc should see 110 objection in making of the forest ranger, of the rabbit inspector or of the roads superintendent, an anti-Bush-Fire man, i. e, to the extent of making him an active, intelligent. "bit"of a machinery wherewith to conduct a scientific campaign against the destructive ••avagc« of the Australin.11 Industrialist's most deadly foe. 