jiuisaFmB MEET ing. . . ' ' .TO Tjie soiTon. Sir.— You mention inyour-Jate issue that I was ' interrupted, and not al lowed to -demonstrate my points.; I- thank you Sir, (you are quite right J, and in fairness to myself, wil&ou.; publish what I wanted to demonstrate- The faets are these : — .KrstfyfThatthe losses were grossly exaggerated. Sec ondly, The almost impossibility of the public discriminating between the de serving cases and others who will want to make a good thing out of it. Third ly, Devise means where assistance and Justice will be meted out to all alike;- Before proceeding let me remind you that at die meeting I twice refused to speak until pressed to do so, and also that I agreed that the fire was a fear ful calamity. I personally visited the Y alley and saw the fearfnl destruction For 15 miles square not a vestage of grass, green tree or fence was to be seen all was block ruin. I will quote the following to show 1 know what I am talking about,; — I am 'personally acquainted with every settler 111 the Valley, -know their holdings, bow they are held (mostly under the Crown) the area, value and nature of the Im provements, the number of stock car- lied by each holders, and possibly have a better knowledge of the individual financial position of most of them than any other person in the district. Now Sir.asto the first point Losses. Accord ing to tiie published reports, there are more 6heep burnt than (I say) there were in the Valley before the fire, and the number of other stock burnt is said to be something enormous. As a mat ter ef fact less than 500 sheep, 1 cow, and 2 horses will cover the total loss by fire. Tuke for instance Mr Mclv.il- |op, reported as 300 sheep burnt, whereas 70 will cover the loss. Then Ward Bros., 2000 burnt ; they lost Jess than 200 ; again Dwyer Bros., all stock burnt ! Why they never lost a head of stock ! And so on. I am ready to admit ttiat stock has strayed every where and are travelling for grass, but tbey are not burnt, and the difficulty in recovering them will be great also expensive in providing grass for them. Should we be blessed with rain then all the sheep can come back at once, although other paddocks will have to be found for the catttle for some time to come. Another blessing is that tins rabbits are for the time destroyed. Now comes the question of the value of the improvements destroyed by the fire. I say unreservedly that some .of the settlers are reported to have lost amounts equal to more than doable the value of the whole of their improve ments with the land thrown jn, and what is more that up to the present time there is not a single case of actual want in the valley. Sccoudiy How are the public to discriiuuia.te,so. us to reach the deserving cases I Then again the ones who deserve assistance are not likely to accept help fn the form that it is offered. Take the heaviest losers, Ward Bros, .who lost over £300 in wcol alone, and G. Tolhurst who deserves the Eocietys' Medal for saving the lives of 7 Tinmen and child rco at the loss of everything of his own cxcc-pt his cattle. The Dwyers W'lio after, saving their own homestead spent the following week lieiping-lhcir less fortunate neighbours. (Mrs P Dwyer rode 15 miles through 6 miles of fire burning her shoes and clothes and carried water to her bus- baud and assisted to beat out the fiic saving their stock and home. J. The McLaughlans, Kirks, O'Biellys, dloyd, Con Smith and many others; these are the sort of men we have in the Valley. Would they accept, charity in the form that it is offered i 1 say no ! u thousand times, no. Let me tell you the sort that would accept aire form of charily are those w ho could stand by and see their neighbour's properly hunit and not raise a hand to assist, forgetting that their turn may come next and those who could dance the- whole night through when sheep were frying, the whole country ablaze, an-i human lives at stake ; such as these would he the first to seek help and tnke it in any form, therefore who can discrimin ate I I say let the police report on ail cases before help be given, and if said to be unsympathetic they at least would he fearless and jusl, and on their re port only should be distributed goods in the form of stores, wire, iron or feed for stock, no money. And any-surplus after, might well be devoted to complet ing the Megalong Jtoad so as to enable them to get their produce to the. natural market, Katoomba. Thirdly and last. How can means be devised to help the deserving without touching their independence,! 4 re you ligleniwj'ilr llurkyl In Maifji.next all these good people will have to pay tlieir crown rents. How will' they do it 1 We can't give them the money, and they want what they have saved to buy stores and feed for tlieir stock and to put up their fences, therefore .let yp all unite and approach the Go»- oniment through our Member and press for justice, not cliaritj-rf to fore go at least one year's payments on all . crown lands to those settlers who have suffered through the fires. - T-'feel cer tain that if this concession he granted that all our settlers would gratefully accept it (it is the only way to meet the case) and is is all that our persever ing, independent and brave Megalong settler will ask to enable him to work with a good heart to again build up his home and then the country will reap the result. Thanking you, — Yours £c. JOHNF. TABBS5TT. Kaloombn, January 1G, 1905. 