Bush Fires.; We .tke..the following acqount. of. the bush fire .at Mlount Macedon, re ferred. to in our last issue, fi:om the . "Kyne.ton Guardian" :-".Sunday was a record day:for, heat and bush fires. There was a recurrence of Mr Orr's Christmas Da~y experience. at ".Oat lands," W9odend North.. Wlien he left home to yisit W, oderid all seemed snug, and there was no sign of fire. However, a, messenger arriverl soon after, to inuform him tlhat a fire was raging in his paddocks. With the aid of green,hedges aucj ploughing fire breaks the fire was ultimaely subdued Newbani and Cobaw resideants had an equally, warm time .o,.it, the plough being an active factor, in ,coping with the flanmes. "But for, the rain," said one .farmer,,. "there would have been' few,Newhan, folks at the races." It was .al exciting time at Braemar on Sunday afternoon and..night, the fire . that scared them only, having started i about.1 o'clock that day. Previous to that a fire had been raging in the waterworks reserye, on the Saturday, but was kept .in check. Mr R. Adams alsoput out afire more .to the rearpf o Braemar, and later on a fire sprang up no great distance frn, there again. MuI. J. Fisher had a warm time of it, and Mr Tou. Howe had so hlittle hope of safety that he .had the I est of his belongings piled in a cart ready to drive off if all else failed. He ascribed his escape to a field of,.-green peas'. acting as a break on otne side. Owing. to the changes of the.wind Braemnar House had the fire circling it, the visitora_. lihaving an uneasy time and all their trunks packed for emergencies Thhe beaters.worked, with a whl, and oply one, summer house was destroyed. It is cqnsidered the warmest, time Braemar ever .had, but will make it safe for years thrqugh the clearance of scrub and undergrowth. Round by Messrs M'Gregor& and M'Cubbin's properties things were eqally risky. Weoare sorry to,learia that Mr B. G. W?ilson,. formerly . of' Wood, Park, I)Derrinal,: had his nice ..homestead de stroyed and his property devastated by, a recent bushfire at Whittlesea, his stud stock nair?9owly ,escaping.. 