PnsUBLIenE aVERT TUEODAy AND Famna S3nd Year. TUESDAY, MARCH 28, 1905 " "lMusical and elocutionary competi tions, are becoming more popular with the public each year, and it is a very healthy sign, as sbowihg that the taste for refinement is growing stronger. Refinement in character is at all times to be earnestly desired, for it tends to the creation of better citizenship, and ennobling aspirations. Anyone who has been present when comnpetitions in music and elocution are being held readily recognise the great benefits that are derived therefrom, not only by the active participants, but by those whose taste lead them to be keen and interested appreciators of the talent displayed. By far the greater number of the public men of the day owe- their success in life as plat form, orators to the training they received in Debating Societies, from which bodies the cream of the con testants in elocution come to compete at the musicial and literary competi tions that are periodically held in various parts of Victoria\ and for that matter throughout the Commodwealth. These competitions are being held with great success, intellectually speaking, and quite apart from any mercenary gain, which is only of secondary im portance. The primary object is to improve and expand the minds of the rising generation, so that the young people can be better qualified for the keen struggle in life's battle. Such competitions are, in every sense, valuable aids towards the progress, enlightenment, and advancement of all who are ambitiously-inclined, and whose desire is in the direction of utilising their faculties to the fullest bent, and cultivating a taste for the seathetic. Recently we advocated the holding of musical and literary com petitions in Horsham, and the idea was supported by several townsmen, with the result that a meeting was held to take the matter in hand. For some reason or other, however, nothing was decided upon beyond giving affir mation to the proposal. The matter was then left in abeyance, and it is to be regretted that such a feeling of apathy should have followed. Horsham-a large and important centre of a vast district-is most conveniently situated for holding a gathering of the kind,and we would again strongly urge the townspeople to make a fresh move to. wards initiating musicial and eloon: tionary competitions -on the same lines as inother towns of about the same size as Horsham. A 'good working committee and'an enthusiastic and energetic secretary are the essential factors for ensuring suc cess, and Horsham is abreast of any" town in that respect, as indeed in regard to vocal, instru mental, and literary talent. It is understood that no dimiculty will be experienced as to hall accommodation for holding the competitions, as the Working Men's College is available for the purpose-in fact, there is no insurmountable obstacle at all in the path, and we venture to predict that once the movement was launched the result would be as satisfactory'as the most sanguine could desire, What has been made a great success in the direction named in other centres can also be made very successful in Heor sham. The local Friendly Societies would no doubt give countenance to the movement, and the assistance and inluencej of those bodies; in addition to aid from other voluntary sources, ould ' help materially to crown the accessef the competitions. Ballarat, lendigo,' Hamilton, Geelong, War- o acknabsal, Murtoa and a number of on ther towns could be cited in proof of ha he very beneficial results that attend in beese contests. Horsham will, it is ye Loped, soon be numbered with those owns, and, like them, have its annual Fe ousical and literary competitions. dr at A perusal of the proceedings at the snnual conferences held last week of tbe Great Friendly Societies of Vic- w loria shows very clearly the magnifi- le cent benefits conferred by those invalu- of able bodies. At the date at which the ti last returns were compiled the numeri- it cal strength of the membership of the Friendly Societies of Australia was considerably in excess of 300,000, and these members had to their credit more than three and three- quarter millions sterling. As regards num bers of members and the amount of their funds, Victoria claims over 32 1 per cent. of the branches, almost 33 8 per cent. of the members, and about r 37 per cent. of the capital belonging to the societies. This State showed a membership of rather more than 100,000, and accumulated funds amounting to upwards of £1,475,000. t The contributions and levies paid to , the sick and funeral funds in the last 1 year under review were £148,795, and 1 to the medical and-management funds £149,242-was contributed, while the expenditure on sick pay amounted to 114,462, the 'funeral expenses to £23,506, and the cost of medical at tendance and medicines to £106,103. Thus the total amount distributed during the year. in three kinds of benefits was not far short of a quarter of a million, or to be precise £244,071. New -South Wales comes next with funds approaching three quarters of a million; followed' by South Australia with about half. a million. There are now nearly 3450 branches of the various Friendly Societies in Australasia, with a total membership," as has been stated, of upwards of 300,000; and, assuming that, on the average, three other per sons participate in the benefits of these societies, nearly 1,200,000 per sons, or about one- fourth of the total population of the six States of Aus tralia and of New Zealand, are con nected'more or less indirectly with the societies, and share in the advantages which they confer. In the matter of the amount of life assurance funds the Australian community has relatively more to its credit than that of Great Britain-a fact .due to the wider diffusion of wealth among the bhulk of the people, and to the more rapid ac cumulation of funds in consequence of the higher interest rates. The pro gress of life assurance exhibits in even a more favorable light than the other statistics under review the improve ment in the social, moral and national conditions of the people. All these are involved in the growth of a bene ficial system of co-operation among the people to help one another in the time of trouble, and that is after all the underlying principle of life assurance, and also of friendly society effort. The main purpose for which life assur ance and friendly society work was established was to meet the necessity which frequently arises for assisting the helpless and the necessitous, and doing so,- not on any merely elee moaynary basis, but on the principle of self-help. The evidence of the statistics is in favor of the view that the people are, for the most part, as careful here as in almost any other portion of the world to recognise their : responsibilities by availing themselves of the various agencies -and institu tions which enable or help them to discharge them. Among these agencies the different Friendly Societies are playing an increasingly prominent part. No Australian mails are to be despatched from London this week, probably owing to the factthat no suitable vessel is leaving for Com monwealth ports, .The weather continues very dry, and rain is badly wanted in different parts of the State. Prayers for rain were offered up in many churches in the State (including St. John's, Horsham), on nunday. On Friday rain fellin several districts, and was accompanied with thunder and hail. At Beeao hailstones of great size fell, and 88 points of rain were registered. At Portarlington 48 points fell during the morning, and in the afternoon a heavy thunderstorm gave an additional inch in 20 minutes, and the streets were flooded. The only other places where over an inch was recorded are Kilmore (137 points), Myrtleford (128), Stanley (130), Warburton (134), and Yackandandah (102). At Flinders a lot of damage was done by haitetunes, and several I places were flooded. On Saturday at Hastings 89 points of rain fell in 20 minutes, reasultina Sin the streets being flooded. Mr. Alfred Dampier's Dramatic Company will open a season of two nights in the Mechanic' Hall, Horsham, to-night. Mr. Dampier's name is as familiar as a household word to playgoers throughout Australia, and he is supported by a large and talented company. The piece to be presented to- night is the "' The Bush King," and to-morrow night the powerful four.act temperance drama, "The Green Lanes of England." The box plan is on view Rat Ryan's. Land values are still belig maintained. On Saturday Mr. John Davey, of Horsham, pur chased by auction at Mesare. Young Broa. rooms 113 aores of land at l? an acre. The land is situated on the Stawell Road, beoing part of the South Brighton Estate, and was sold on account of the estate of the late WVm. Peterson. Buyers from Gippsadand ad other pearts of the State arein the district looking for suitable holdings. Tenders for Mr. Beaufoy Greene's land close to-day. Yesterday Mr. E. T. W. Guest purchased, from Mr. Samuel May, 280-acres of land near Mr. Greene's property, at a satisfactory price. A man named Joseph Dunn was arrested near Dimboola on Wednesday last by Con. stable Wilson on a charge of stealing a horse, abugy and harness, the property of Mr. C. W. Huf, a farmer at Mount Elgin, near Nhill. Ac. cased had previous to the offence been in the employ of Mr.' Huf, who on Wednesday last left the horse and buggy in the yard of Rin toule's hotel at Nhill. WhenMr. Huf returned a few minutes later the horse and vehicle were not to be found. Accusneed, who had been op a carousal, will appear at the Nhill Police Court to-day to answer the charge. A Revision Court was held at the Horsham Court House yesterday before Messrs. Jas. Millar and J. Langlands, J.P., for the pur pose of revising the Horsham list for the Wan non Division of the Commonwealth electoral roll. The list was certified to as being cor. rect. A splendid sample of locally-grown apples of the Kentish Filbaskets variety, was shown ton us on Saturday by Mr. A. Levitcke, "The Gums," Horaham. The apples averaged 1. inches in circumference, and weighed lhlbs each, and they were grown to that great size and weight wethout the aid of irrigation. The trees from which the apples were taken are well-laden, and the fruit of the very best flavor. Mrs. J. H. Guest, of Pimpinio, has also left at our office two large and beautiful bunches of Black Prince grapes, turning the scale at 5 Itbs. They are very uInscious, evenly grown, and the berries nicely clustered. The samples afford further evidence, if such were needed, of the fine fruit- growing capa. bilities of the district. The Mayor (Cr. J. Millar, J.P.), who is an enthusiastic in arboriculturo, on Saturday pro mised the large meeting of teachers inHorsham that he would do his best to see that they were supplied with locally grown trees for the purposes of planting the State school grounds. The Mayor's promise was received with ap plause. The delegates who attended the A.N..A. Conference 'at Queenacliff last week were very hospitably entertained by the branch there,. The representatives from the Horsham branch at the conference were Mesasrs D. Anderson and J. Moreom. t By general request, the 'admirable exhibit of work done by the students of the MHor sham Working Men's College will remain on view during the week. Mr. Fryer, the dire-o. tor, will be pleased iso wam any Horsham and district residents who may wish to iuspesi its mack, whish is worthy oe a visit, Great interest is being taken in the District A Rifle Club's Union prize meeting that is to circ be held on the Horsham rnge to-morrow and sult on Thursday. It will be seen by reference to ther our rifle shooting notes that nearly 200 men The have entered, representing nearly every club thot in the Wimmera. The meeting promises to be rce very uccessful. A Mr. C. Nowotna, President of the Murtoc cam Farmers' Association, delivered an able ad- thai dress at Noradjuha on Friday nightlast on Wt the objects of that body. Mr. Nowotna spoke his at Carchap on the following night. At the Horsham Police Court on Friday, a before Captain Burrowes, P.M., John Bolwell ha was charged by Sergeant Kennealy with neg- cleo lecting to send his child to school 75 per cent Bel of the whole number ef school half days during the quarter ending 31st, a fine of 2s 6d was ,p imposed. A remarkable cue of self.denial following a yai religious revival has occurred at Sunderland. 1 Commander Salwey, R.N., chief of the dis- Co trict coastguard, has resigned his position in order to give the whole of his time to religions o work. He thus sacrifices £500 a year and an nal ultimate pension. Three young men, Alex. Kennedy, J. th Anderson and Mitchell, employes on Benara ho Station, had (writes a Mount Gambler corres. F pondent) a sensational experience while duck shooting on Lake Bonney, near the coast. c They had shot some game, and in the evening a Mitchell went for a further shot, while the to other two cleaned the ducks, and went to the m tlke to wash them. The whereabout of the re two parties was unknown to each other. Pre- c Ssently Mitchell saw in the dim moonlight two a Sblack objects,.which he took to be ducks, but S Swhich were the heads of his mates. He ni levelled his gun at them, waiting, with ham mer cocked, for the two to get more in line, h when, to his horror, one of the men moved well f in sight. Mitchell was greatly affected by the a( narrowness of the escape from a tragedy. In connection with the finding of a woman's a: body in the desert on the Adelaide side of the " 1 border, near the Murray Bridge, advices re- h f ceived by the police state that the body I I was much.mutilated, probably by wild dogs. ti a The police have received an enquiry concerning P a the deceased from Mrs. Mellington, who re sides near Ballarat. Mrs. Mellington states b that the description of the deceased tallies with a y that of a woman who left Ballarat for Port a Adelaide on the 24th December, and has not C 0 since been heard of. 7 The will of Francis Tozer, late of Wangoon, a l1 grazier, has been filed for probate. Testator d )f left real and personal property valued at I ig £18,851, which, subject to bequests of £50 each r- to the Warrnambool Hospital, Warmambool E ,f Benevolent Asylum and Christ Church, Warr r- nambool, is bequeathed to his children and lrelatives. Vorwarts, a socialist newspaper published at Berlin, .states that a German aims and Sammunition company is supplying hundreds 0e of machine guns to the Russians. Thejournal Ms complains that this is an infringement of ie German neutrality. ae A report is current that the wreck of the ly Acacia was found by a Tasmanian fisherman at on 31st January last, which was beforer the er discovery of the wreck of the Brier iolme, of but, for reasons as yet unexplained, neither the circumstances nor the discovery of the C- bodies was reported until recently. An official ofenquiry is pending. The informant is the o- master of the fishing smack Ripple, and is Bn circumstantial er The Council of Agricultural Education has re- accepted the university resolutions respecting ial degrees. The Council of Agricultural Educa ese tion declined to sell Tobin Yallock reserve, le- DAndenong, as requested by Mr. Bent, as he being contrary to law, but offered to lease or assist the Government inany legal way. e Commenting on the European wheat market the New Zealand Loan & Agency Co. writes : e, The news that the Australian wheat crop was rt. much shorter than expected took the English Ir- markets somewhat by surprise in February, as but operators must be much more puzzled now, by for with a heavy estimated reduction in the ag yield the exports to date exceed those of the ad corresponding period of 1903-4. Traders on the other side, however, are probably un. Saware that after the middle of April the le movement of wheat from Australia will be he comparatively small, and before the end of lat May nearly all the exportable surplus will as have been handled. The heavy rush of ship ler ments during the last five weeks has had a sir depressing effect on European values, but it is reg probable that the slackening which is now . noticeable will lead to rather more firmness. In five weeks over 7,800,000 bushels of wheat, Sor its equivalent in flour, were despatched from es Auitralia to oversea centres. There are still a re fair number of vessels loading, and the out. nt ward movement, though nowi smaller will be considerable for another fortnight or so. To-morrow the Minister for Education (Mr. ied Sachae) will make a presentation to Mrs. the Turabull, of Horsham (nee Jane Duff). Dur m- ing last year penny subscriptions were started in the state schools throughout the state to Sie found a fund for Mrs. Turnbull, who, as Jane te. Duff, was the leading figure in a bush story, ny the particulars of which are well known. A 's, considerable sum of money has been collected lin by the school children, and this has been ith placed on trust for Mrs. TurabulL of A young man named JaLdies Bodey, one of ore the new farmers at Wickliffe-road, was com. fell plained against at the Ararat Police Couut on i a Friday, before Mr. Leader, P.M., for the ich careless use of fire by burning off stubble on ed. his land on February 28, and not taking steps Ras to prevent the fire from spreading to the ad. ord joining land. Defendant was fined £5, with d £19s 4d costs. of The various drapers of Horsham had their ral windows nicely decorated on Saturday with ogs millinery and autumn goods. Those in want Inc of nice up-to-date.goods cannot do better than trade with Horsham scorekeepers, who cater ny exceptionally well for all classes. ;he Monday, April 10. is gazetted as a public Sr. holiday throughout Victoria. old Mr. S. Winter-Cooke is a passenger by the Mnd Moldavia, which will arrive in Melbourne this ed week. h It is to be hoped (writes a Glenthompson 'be correspondent) that the drought will soon e break up, as the water supply is very low at present; most of the tanks and dams are very dry in the district. A good few of the landed 3n proprietore have been obliged to feed their Or stock on chaff, etc., for the past month. D°' This season it is the intention of most far. mers in the mallee to drill in with manure a much larger area of wheat than was artificially as fertilised last year (says the Sea Lake Times). . Except where used on fallow land manures or did not very much increase last year's yields of o wheat in this locality. Frequent stirring of r the surface soil, both before and after the crop is up, will tend to greatly conserve moisture in l the soil. If this were done, manured stubble land should give even better yields than un manured fallow land not so specially treated. ed Farmers should bear in mind that if the proper n. constituents are present in the soil in their . necessary relative proportions, and in a ready- 1 available form, half an inch of rain will 1 " prove more beneficial to the wheat crop than I e would nearly twice that quantity it the neces- 1 sary plant food were deficient or partly absent. d At the last meeting of the Dimboola Shire c ld Council, Dr. Gawne, representing the Jeparit Progress Committee, waited upon that body e a with a request that it co-operate in three ! matters, viz., to continue the three days a week train service, to protest against m the proposed increased freights, and also to 1 r arge that the approaches to the Jeparit g station and sheds be metalled. He specially l urged the need of the train service beingcon r. tinued. Last year the revenue of this reached £34,000, and this year, so far, was greater than t ever. Cr. Menzies said that the question of Sfreights was likely to become a burning one at n a no distant date, as it was undoubtedly a most p obnoxious form of class taxation, and the A a sooner the publierecognised it the better. It w , was resolved, on the motion of Crs. Gawne ' e and Cooke, that Or. Wiedermann represent the Dimboola Council at a deputation to wait i upon the Railway Commissioners on the sub- Oh Sj-ct . i The annual railway picnic to Balarat took e Place on Saturday last, and was attended by a h i, very large gathering. A large number of o1 special trains was run into Ballarat, and were tl h all loaded to their fullest carrying capacity, . about 15,000 excursionists arriving there. The bi streets of the city were thronged during the w day and night with excursionists. Nearly 400 journeyed from Horsham and outlying parts, a and the revenue for the sale of tickets at the m local station amounted to a little over £74. m SA meeting of ladies willing to assist in the Horsham Hospital Flower Show, to be held on April 18th and 19th, is convened for four o'clock this afternoon in the Town HalL A large attendance is requested. r The Committee of the Horsham Agricultural in and Pastoral Society will hold a meeting in to Sthe Town Hall on Saturday afternoon at 315to to discus, amongst other matters, the proposal w« to re- open the Longerenong College as a pre sls paratory school for boys. i Warrackuabeal farmers are in something of ch a quandary (says the Herald). They find that Cl Sit is not safe to sow their wheat in the ordinary no Sway on account of the mice plague. If they h keeptheir wheat in th bag th result is the same. The only way out seems to be a resort Sdeepsowing, the mice will only bur toasballowerdsp , . A large number of spurious coins got into circulation at Ballarat on Saturday as the re sult of the railway picic, and nota few of them were passed on unsuspecting tradespeople. The coins were mostly half-croews, and are thought to have come from thecoining plant recently seized by the Melbourne police. A farmer named Wm. Thompson, who came from the country, reported to the polie that a gold watch and chain and a siler watch, valued in all at £21, were stolen from his vest pockets during Saturday afternoon. Messrs Young Bros. will sell at their lor. sham yards on Saturday, sheep, cattle and horses.-On the 4th April they will conduct a clearing sale at Goroke, on acceount of Mr IL Bell.--The clearing sale on account of John Waleh, of Gymbowen, has been fied fo Wednesday, April 5th. Fuller particl appear in another column. Tenders are invited for excavating a 700 yard tank near Horsham. Tenders are invited by the Wimmera Shire Council for works specified by advertisement in another column. Miss Paton, of the Fancy Goods epl. tory, Firebrace-atreet, notifies that shae h also periodicals, etc., on sale. Messrs. Hagelthorn and Bolton will sel st their Horsham yards on Saturday 25 drauchl horses, including six head on account of Ar. F. Koenig and ten head on account of Mr. F Williame. The firm will also sell sheep. A public meeting of the Walmer settlers is convened by Mr. H. Harding to be held in the Horsham Town Hall on Saturday at 3 p?," e to consider certain clauses of the Closer Settle. ment Act. A full attendance of settles is requested. Special revival meetings are advertised to be conducted by Colonel Hoskin, of Melbourne assisted by Major McKenzie, in the Horshm t Salvation Army Barracks, commencing on e next Friday evening. Mr. F. C. Smith, of Pimpinlio, has plsced ,his property, en the.parishes of Vectis Esut and Wail, in the hands of Messrs. YouogBros for sale on the 15th April. In all about 1005 e acres will be offered. Messrs. A. E. Smith and Co. will conduct 's an important sale of stock at the Moorak 1o woolehed yards on Thursday next. Marth 30 when they will offer 8000 sheep and aboonlu e head of cattle, owing to portion of the Moosb .y Estate having been sold to the South As. s. tralian Government for closer settlement par. ,g poses. e. A child named David Ryan, 3 yean nod, whilst playing in the Barwon with an eldt Is brother, slipped into about four feet of wteu and was drowned. ot The ordinary meeting of the Arapiles Shin oct Council will be held next Toesday. There are 3,209,321 acres held under gr?ici area leases in Victoria. n Tenders for the erection of a homestead reu. or dence for Mr. R. Delahunty, of Er;in's Val, at Murtos, are invited by Mr. . Ryan, architect. oh The arrangements made by Mr. W. Theo ol Shanasy, dental surgeon, with his brother to r. visit Horsham have fallen throogh, and lir. ad Shanasy will accordingly revert to his old arrangement, and will visit here every three weeks. The date of his visit is Saturday next, ed April let, when he may be consulted at ad Barrett's Royal Hotel. de The March number of the Review of Re. al views for Australasia, just to hand, is wellup to the high standard that popular mefgins ofhas reached. Mr. Henry Stead, who arived from London 16 months ago to take over ths ;h Review from the former company, a aontc that he departs for England, and that ie. W. an H. Jodktns, well known as a socialreformer, he who has been associated with him onic the ao, new regime, will in future edit the magtin?. oer The New Zealand Government ispurching he a block of 160,000 acres at Waikato from an :al English syndicate for closer settlement. A man named Sunkell seriously injured his ie wife at Gough's Bay, Canterbury (N.Z.),by stabbing her. He subsequently committed suicide. oas During the bush-fires at the Grampisn sat ing the end of last week a bridge near the en. trance to Hall's Gap was destroyed. The Rev. Father Hays returned to Mel. ve bourne on Wednesday after completing his as provincial tour. During his visit of two or months to Victoria over 21,235 persons have become his dieciples and taken the tempeornce pledge. t The Government of West Australia har Is accepted the tender of Clemenger and Mon. rae teath, of Melbourne, at £40,000, for the slp. leh ply of 4400 tons of cast-iron pipes for the ry, Gnildford, Midland Junction and Albany water supply. the During the past ten years the Geelone town rate collector has collected over £90,000 in the rates, and has now outstanding the small som on of. £66. n. The third egg-laying competition is tobe the held by the South Australian Royal Ageicul e tural Society from 20th May, 1905, to 11th SMay, 1906. Birds will be penned at the Rse. worthy Agricultural College. ail Parcels are lying at the Horshm Railayer ip Station for:--W. Ocork, Kelly, Barker, Mlii Is Stewart, H. Josephs,. Chapman, W: Curtis, J. is Cornish, Mias Lucas, Hughes, Kerl, J. ow Pearson, Read, Moulden. Accounts await payment at the Horni sub-Treasury for-V. F. Allan. J.. R, Rlton, atf Horsham Gas Co., Horsham Worki?gle' om College, E. Lampard, P. J. Mhrry, W. It a Rushhrook, W. Retallack, 3. BEomeiod3. mt. T. Weight. be EOYrr I Er SAILVE has proned itlsths only certain remedy for Sandy Blight asall diseases of the eye or eyelids. Belog a prely dr. vegetable preparation it is more soothing and Lrt at the same time more powerful than any other or. ointment, and we have received testimonials ed from all parts of the world. The genuine is sold by Mr. R. McMullinand MrA. . Brent, to of Horsham. Price 2e d.--Advt. one 