SuQli Flroa. Sydney, Monday. An immenso ' hush firo is raging. ili- tho ; Murrumburrah district, and large -numbers ; of crops and many homesteads lihvo bpeu:1 destroyed. . Near Delegate tho district is a sceno of -i great conflagration, and Delegate .itself 19' threatened- It is feared' that several persons have perished. Considerablo dnmngo 1ms beon dpne in tlio Goulliurn district, and several residents have lost thoir liomestonda. ' . - | At Towrang, tho church, several, build ings, housos, machinory, crops, etc., liavo | been destroyed. Largo fires aro alro raging in the Bur- ! rowa, Maitlnnd, Bundanoon, and Gundogui districts. ., In tlio Gundngni distriot over 20 square1 miles of country aro nblaze, and the damago is estimated at tens of thousands of pounds. Although tlio damago by bush fires throughout tho State cannot yot bo defined, soino authorities contend that it has reached : £2,000,000. j From tho way in whicli tho Niingus firo is i now raging it nppenrs probable that tho wholo of tho country between Juneo, I Wngga, and Gundngni will be laid desolate. Tlio dumugo is beyond compilation, . ! So far tbreo fatulitics are reported. Allan ' Snodgrass, a farmer at Uranquinty, lias been burn t to death. - A man lianraJ'Fnllon, with his team of horses, whicli ho was at tempting to save, mot with a similar fn'to. It is also thought that a third man has boon burnt to death. » . ' Further particulars regarding tlio bush- fires show that thoy aro the' most extonsivo i and disastrous in the history of tlio State. : ;j Many settlers liavo lost all they possessed,'; and numbers of: families are homeless and'1 destitute. Provision is to bo made for tboni-' by tho Governmont, through tho local policb: officuis V A furious firo is raging in: tlio Maitland district, and heavy losses havo been sua- j \- taihod. In tlio Albury distriot tbreo lives have been. lost. ' ' Tlio Giindiigai district is said to' bo p'rnc--' tically ruined- for tho tirao. ' Fires are also raging along the- Sooth' Coast, several along the railway lino havitig ! been caused by sparks from engines! The j ranges about Buili are ablazo. - Abnormally high temperatures continue j in most parts of tho country, but the cool - obungo on tho seaboard is oxpeoted to reach | -tlio southern areas' of ' the State, and to I gradually extend northwards. : Tho flames lopt the Murrumbidgee River near Nurrandern, and. tho pcoplo.liad to take1 refuge in the river. - . . ' Tho fire travelled from- Errowombang Station to tlio south of Blayney, Throe children, who narrowly escaped death, were rescued on horseback ib tlio Patterson district by F. Reynolds. ' Qlendurra and Tocal estates were burnt out, ohly leuving the homestead' and- stablos. Tillimby estate also suffered likewise. The family of J. Lanty was burnt out-- They escaped by wading through tlio rivoi'." There wore heavy losses of cattle. Mr. Thompson, a dairyman in the Cobargo district, was burnt out. The' family escaped by getting into the river, Mr. Thompson was severely burnt in trying to savo tlio bouse.. ;s- ' ', Women and children in the Gefmanton \- district woro placed in dams to save . thoir. lives. Sovopl stations were completely burnt out. ' ' Many farm, houses arid woolsheds ' hnvo been destroyed, and'tlibusanda ot'aliobp and cattlo roastecT to death- Tho destruction is describedas simply atvfuh ! Qn, Monday, a,t nbou,' ono of the''most disastrous .fires in tho hi, story of- the Lis- moro" distriot occurred, when the Lismoro Qbnv'ent, whioli oonsisted of two buiTa.ings Cbntnining 40 largo rooms, the pro-Cathedral) swimming baths, and . a five- roomed';boiio adjoining,; . tho property, of Mrf. Muicblm MtKinuou; wore all totally, destroyed! Tho : damage is estimated at" £8000-'. , ..-! 