THE BUSH FIRES. LOSSES IN VICTORIA. EXTENSIVE DAAIAGE AT AVENEL. AVENEL, Alonday. . One of the most dcstructiY-e bush fires that has ever occurred here sYvept over a large tract of grazing country east and south of Avencl last Yveek. Although every effort YY-as made to extinguish the flames it YY'as not until 3 a.m. on Sunday that they jvere brought under control by a body of 100 fire beaters. Altogether 23 graziers have suffered, the majority of them being hold ers of from 1000 to 2000 acres. Many of them have lost every blade of grass and all their fencing is more or less damaged. In every case the homestead has been saved, hilt onlysiftcr desperate fighting. Many of the settlers have not been in bed since Tues day night. The lire came within half a mile of the toYvn on the south and east, causing considerable alarm. The greatest praise is due bo residents of LongYY'ood, Tarcombe and Burnt Creek, yvIio travelled 12\. 10 and 7 miles respcctiY-ely to help to saY'e property. The following is a list of the graziers Yvho Yvere burnt out, having no grass left for their sheep, cattle or horseS: — Alessrs. G. T. Dpuglas, John Leahy, C. E. Plummer, P. J. Glecson. E. J. Lorcnzi, It. J. Shelton, Airs. John Ryan, W. Nev'ton, Air. Helms and G. llollow'ay. Others YY'ho had portions of then- holdings saved arc — Michael Ryan (lost 1500 acres grass, fenc ing damaged), P. Kelly (400 acres), Bailey (3000 acres), Dargatz, (1000 acres), Alilmott (100 acres), Anderson (250 acres), lTourigan (800 acres),, Murphy (300 acres), AI. Lucki- novich (340 acres), Bell (200 acres), Jas. Young (100 acres), CraY'en (100 acres). Alany hoidir.-c on which the dead timber had been picTicd up and burnt off at con siderable expense are now coY'ercd rvith fallen trees burnt at the bottom. Alessrs. Smith Brothers received a second visit from the fire, and have now not an acre of grass left out of 2000. Altogether, 25,000 acres of settled holdings carrying stock have been burnt. A thunder storm passed over the district on Sunday CY-enitig. 