IN THE GUNDAGAI DISTRICT. FIRES EXTINGUISHED BY THE RAIN. MOST EXTENSIVE OUTBREAK ON RECORD. SCORES OF, SETTLERS RUINED. . (FROM OUR SPECIAL REPORTER.)"- GUNDAGAI, Tuesday. — "Good-bye to the busli fires," camo a voico through the window of tho southern mall as the train lay at Harden this morning, awaiting the signal to stnrt. Tho remark awakened several in the sleeping car to acllvo consciousness, for the train was carrying home a number ot pastoralists who had becia hastily recalled from the city by telegraph. A sharp palter of rain on the car windows was what greeted the cars of tho sleepers, and it was high-grade music to most ot llioso oil hoard. Tho rain was hard and continuous, and it meant death to the bush fires, which liad been raging for a week, devastating the country far and wide, and defying the utmost efforts of beaters and skilful fighters. The rain meant that the fires would succumb to the steady- downpour. ami tlio pastoralists rolled over with a sigh ot relief to continue their interrupted sleep. Tlie damage that, had been done was irrevocable, but tlio immediate future was safe. As the train ploughed its way south the bright promise of heavy rain was fulfilled, and along the branch line from Cootamundra to Gundagai 11 was found tlie rain liad fallen heav ily through tlie night, and in consequence the busli fires were a tiling of the past so far. at any rale, as this portion ot country was con cerned. The danger is not yet completely over. Logs, trees, and stumps are still burning ill every direction, but as most of the country back to Ihe hills lias' been cleaned out tlicrc is little prospect of damaging fires being restarted here abouts. The story of the fire, or series of fires, which lias devastated this section of country, is a talo of a long week of suffering, or dratvn-ouL sus pense, of stifling choking heat and unquench able thirsts, of tragic moments and heroic esca pades, of futile and shattered hopes, and, finally, of black and definite desolation. Tho black ruin which engulfed the Alurrutnbidgeo Valley is not without its tragedy of death, for lives havo been forfeited in the unequal fight against the fire fiend which whipped a countryside, as his legions iu the tall grass paddocks, where tho rich herbage may meet above a horse's withers, and in the thistle beds — rich, succulent fields acres iu extent — the fire travelled with tho speed of a galloping horse, 12ft. high, a roaring wall of ilame, giving off clouds ot dense black, choking smoke, and the touch of tlie wall was death. It is a marvel, indeed, that tho death-roll of this cunllagrution is so low. In tho face ot the fire, it was Impossible for living being to stand, and therefore fire fighting by beating was, in tho maojiity of cases, entirely out of Iho question. LI is only where the llames could be attacked with advantage ou tlie skirts of tho fire that il was resorted to. Elsewhere the fighters had burnt trails or started new fires, but in a great many cases tbe fire was given undisputed sway, any attempt to stay or turu its progress being hopeless. The hapless settlers iu its path were glad enough to escape with their lives. AVltat has this tire done? Briefly, It has laid waste a rich tract of agricultural and pastoral country, 30 or 40 miles wide, front the Southern rail way line, in the vicinity of AVagga, along the val- ley of the Murrumbidgee, pasL Gundagai and Adc- | long, to beyond Tumul, In the hills, whore tho | green timber and grass finally stopped it abcut Batlow, an outpost of Tumbarumba, the guards lo tho western foothills or snow-clad Kosciusko. The fires have been burning since Christmas Day, but they travelled most of the distanco and did the bulk of damage on Saturday and Sunday. Coming from Muudarlo down the Alur- rurabidgec towards AVagga, they burnt into Jll- lengroe and around towards Adolong Crossing. This fire was stopped, or, rather, held witliiil check, during the week, but when the heat wave swept over on Thursday, Friday, and Saturday tho country was simply at the mercy of any fire started. Two swagmen, through care lessness, started a lire early on Saturday morn- . : lng on AVantabadgery, another station between, here and Wagga on tho river. In ten minutes' time the flames had spread through tlie paddocks, licking tho grass and dry leaves like tinder, and passed into Tenandra Park, tbe property of Air. Beveridge. This is tho station at. which the Moonlight Gang were captured in 1879. Tho tiro by this time was an irresistible advancing wall of Ilame, and was eating Us way up tlie valley of the river, devouring everything in its path. Station paddocks, fences, outbuildings, wool- sheds, selectors' crops, hay stacks, and oven homesteads were swept to the ground. After Tenandra Park. Nangus and Kimo were attacked on tlie north sido of tho river and the firo had then traversed from AVagga to the outskirts of Gundagai. All these stations. Including Eu- nonyhareeyha and Gura, closer to AVagga, wero burned out so far as grass and fences are con cerned and the majority of tlicm lost a lot ot stock aud buildings. Tlio damage along this lino of stations was enormous. Behind the stations which front tho river the fire extended among tho holdings of a number of settlers for a considerable distance in tbe direction of Cootamundra, dairy farmers los ing plant, grass, fences, and some stock. Air. Beveridge, ot Tenandra Park, is one of tho few pastoralists in this district who lias taken effec tive precautions against fire by tho systematic construction of breaks and for this reason his permanent improvements have suffered in a . ing plant grass fences and some stock. Mr. in tho fire zone. On Sunday the fire on Nangus, on tlie north side of the river, jumped across tho stream in half a dozen places, aud ignited Nangus on the south side. The lire was then raging on both sides ot the river. It spread back into Mun- dlarlo and A'ablree, both of which had been damaged in the previous fire, and on through Bangus into AVillie Floina, on the south side of Gundagai. Tho town was thus threatened on both sides — from Kimo over a liill on tho north side, and through the fiats between tho river and AVillie Ploma on the south. Tho latter, fire could not have got into Gundagai proper, but could have burned out SouLlt Gundagai. Tho fight which look place on Kimo was a vigorous one, and owing to tho skill with which tho stock: was moved, the bulk of Iho cattle and sheop were saved. It is a remarkable feature ot theso fires that comparatively little stock has boon de stroyed. Tito reporls of losses of stock have boon greatly exaggerated. Owing lo the fierceness of the wind which fanned the flames, their courso was erratic, and frequently corners ot pad docks were left, In which the stock were nblo to take shelter. One Instance is given or a flock ot 10,000 sheep in a thistle paddock on Nangus escaping destruction. Tho firo went right through the paddock, leaving only patches here and there. Tlie hulk of tho sheep wero afterwards found unhurt. Ot course, a lot of sheep and cattle havo been burned, but nothing like the number that, would be expected in such a fire. After leaving Kimo, the fire licked savagely, at the property of a few selLlers on tlio Kirno- road, and was then within halt a mile of the town. This was on Sunday evening, and a number of Jones' Creek residents (about 30) , formed a parly and marched up Ned's Gully to meet It. That was at G p.m. The residents of the town wore looking with anxious eyes towards Kimo, expecting every moment, that the flames would hurst over Kinio-liill and pour into and envelop tho town. Tlie Jones' Crock brigade had reached Ned's Gully just in the nlclc of time, and it Is due to their presence of mind lhat Gundagai was saved. Tho fire on tlio south side was stopped by some green maize paddocks before It reached South Gundagai. Heroic struggles had been made against Iho flames in tlie station properties on tlie north sido of Murrumbidgee. They were repeated ou tlio 1 south sido on Bangus, hut unavailtugly, though some property was saved. The fire spread south in the direction ot Adelong, and back to Tur- cutta, taking all tho properties into Its maw en ; route. On that day (Sunday) the flames worit;Vj through all Lite properties between tho river Mount Horeb, a big station just outside Adq?. rV ' f'-':." 'v'-'x-'k long, dovasinlcd Mount Horob, passed oil ana surrounded Adclong, and then, doubling back, burnt all tho farms and properties on the road between Adclong and Gundagal, destroying tho river paddocks of Bangus and Willie Ploma, 1 1 and ; burning tho fences and outbuildings all along the road. Hardly a fence stands now between AVagga nnd Tuniut, and stock aro running at large over tho .countryside. The flro on Sunday crossed s tho Onndagal-Tumut rnllway, and burnt every- B thing in the trinnglo bounded by the Oundagal- . lAdolong and the Gundagal-Tuniut roads. This did not sot a limit to its ravages. Beyond tho A Gund agai-T umut-road and between that track g and the Tumut River another stretch of country <! was burned out, the properties suffering Includ- j- ing Tarrabandara, Kurobln, Gocup, and Gor don's, bcsldos numerous smaller settlers. Then . beyond TnmUt and Adclong, tho itames spread q through Kllllmlcat, Bombowlcr, and on to g Blowerlng and Batlow. Hero tho lire "corns to g have stopped. Gadara and Calltat were deso- lated, and beyond Adclong, Grecilhllls, a big r station owned by Mr. J. B. Sharp, was destroyed, homestead nnd all. Ellernlle, owned by Peterson and Sargood, of Molbournc, In tho Bamo locality, , was burnt, though tho buildings wcro saved; and further 'out, at Tnrcutta, Mr. T, H. Mato's g station was severely burned, soma horses being destroyed there. Tarcutta is betwoen hero and i Germantoti, nnd so far as can bo gathered, I Sliocltaro, an adjoining property, roprcsonts tho t nouthorn limit of Arc. t In this tnessago I hnvo only endeavored to 1 Indicate a sense of. tho oxtont of tho flro in t brotid outline. To particularise nnd givo details f of tho loss would bo Impossible. In tho first t place, tho telegraph lines nre down nil over tho , ( place, and there is only one connecting link e from hero to Sydney. This Is choked with pri- vate business. I have outlined tho passage of j j tho' lira through tho big proportlos In Its courso, j j but" on tho way It must bo understood that all j ; properties of smaller settlers were Bwept. The | j passage of tho Are over a farm meant In moot cases tho destruction, total or partial, of all I fencing, the absolute destruction of grass, tbc j loss In many cases of outbuildings and hay- j staek3, standing orops, nnd stores of wheat, 1 and, Anally, tho loss of stock, though, as prc- i. viously mentioned, this has not beou as serious 1 as might have bcon expected. On Kimo Sta- , . j tlon, of 25,000 acres, where even tho buildings I .were burned, and tho homestead" saved I with difficulty, very few dead Bheep or 1 cattle, havo boon seen, this Indicating I that tbo bulk of tbo stock bavo escaped tho i flames. This Is the story mot with generally, j. in some cases even tho homesteads wore burnt, ) and settlers were literally loft with nothing hut i tho clothes they stood up in. Somo narrow ! escapes are reported. Two mon on Bangus bc- . ! Ing saved from the faco of flro on galloping I horses, and a settler ia tbo Tumut district oav- ; Ing his wlfo by putting her In a crook. These In- i stances, however, considering tho scopo of tho : lire, wore few and far between. Many of the 1 smaller soltlcrs havo been finished by tho flro, so far as their career on tho land is concerned, j Tbu loss In fencing alone, which in this district , 1 costs £30 a mile, is enormous; while tho grass j losses cannot be estimated. It is certain that — - I a largo quantity of stock will bo forced on the j market for early realisation. Ono competent 1 Judge gave it as his opinion that the loss to tho i district would not bo less than £750,000. Among numerous places destroyed was tho Nangus public school, and tho rosidonts of Reno, I four miles from here, where the Princo of Wales j ml no Is situated, had a battle royal with tho j flames, which on Sunday and yesterday threat- | encd to demolish their settlemon. The miners j knocked off work in tho mine and Joined with i the rest of the Inhabitants nbove ground in flght- I ing the fire back from tho houses. In this they j were successful, and they also succeeded in prc- > venting tho Are from crossing tho road, when | 'it would have gono in tho direction of Coolac S and destroyed a number of farms in tho direo- f tlon of Hlllas Crock. Between Adelong and Tar- i r.utta tho flro was very fierce, nnd hero a fata- : ; lity occurred, a miner named Michael I Dowdall bolng burned to death in his i hut, a miner named Frederick Robbins was seriously burnt in his tent at Mount Adrah, and ! is now at Adclong not expected to live. Round ; | Adelong tho residents had a flerbe light with the i fire, and there wero numerous minor accidents I ! recorded. Tho racecourse was swept by tho j i flames, and the local races which were to have i \ been held to-day wero postponed for a fort- : i -night: V j' r Tumut? deserves a story to itself, but tho exi- l j gcnclea of telegraphic scrvico forbid It, The I P-.Uro "burned down tho hill at the back of the ij town so fiercely that all hope of saving the I hospital was renounced. Tho patients wore hur- > riedly removed to other places more safe, and a : sturdy band of fighters wont out to attack the flames. The Are was turned from tho hospital, " ) and by strenuous efforts the buildings on tho f outskirts of the (own wcro saved. : Everywhere the fire has passed tho fences aro ! down and tho ground is burnt the color of Rus- j > sian bread. It is just like tho westorn country ; > in tho drought, only blacker; and except in tho patches which the flames have missed, not a . > blade is to be seen. Hero and tboro fences ; have withstood the flames, and where this is tho < ; case 11 is invariably a fence with posts an'd six j : or seven wires and no rails.- All the rail ' i fences have been burned to ashes. ' In spite of the awful facer thd district has ro- ; ii ceived, there is no whining hoard. Settlers are if v pulling the boldest face, on it, and though some <t will naturally go to the wall, the majority will i; 1 doubtless Beo it through, as the district is a very solid ono and is peopled with' wen of the f'i ."light stamp. 