THE COUNTRY. AN HISTORICAL MANUSCRIPT. Mount Gambier, January 30. Mr. W. Clayton, sen., of Mount Gambier, has just received information of an His- torical document that is being sent out to him by his brother from Manchester. It comprises the manuscript account of a great feast given in 1170 by the Archbishop of York. Hie document has been in the family on Mr. Clayton's mother's side tor hundreds of years, and it reads as follows: -"In the year 1470, George Newell, brother of the Earle of Warwick, at his Arch- bishop's Palace, York, made a prodigious feast for the nobility clergy, and gentry, wherein he spent 300 quarters of wheat, 330 tuns of ale, 104 tims of wine, one pipe of spiced wine, 80 fat oxen, 6 wild bulls, 1,004 sheep, 300 hoggs, 3,000 calves, 200 cianes, 200 kids, 300 geese, 2,000 capens, 300 pigs, 100 peacocks. 2,000 chickens, 4.000 pigeons, 4,000 rabbits, 204 bitterns, 4,000 ducks, 400 -, herons, 200 pheas- ants, 500 partridges, * 4,000 wood- cocks, 400 plovers, 100 curlites, 100 quails, 1,000 egrets, 200' rees, about 400 bucks and roes, 1,056 hot.venison patries, 4,000 cold venison patries, 1,000 diahos ol' jelleys, ported, 4,000 dishes of jelleys, plain, 4,000 cold custards; 2,000 hot custards, SOO pikes, 300 breams and seals, 4 porpo'seîs, and 400 tarts. AD this feast the liarle of Warwick was steward, the Earle of Bed- ford treasurer, the Lord Hastings comp- troller, with many other noble oiiicers, 1,000 servitors, 62 cooks, 515 sculious. Seventy years afterwards the King seized on the estate of this archbishop, and sent him to France a prisoner, where he was bound in chains and died in great poverty, justice thus punishing his tonner prodi- gality." ' MOUNT GAMBIER SCHOOL OF MINES. Mount Gambier, January 30. 'A meeting 'of the committee of the Mount* Gambier School of Mines and In- dustries was held in the Institute Hall on Saturday evening, the Rev. W. A. Langs ford presiding. The Hon. L. von Doussa wrote, stating that, provided no other en- gagements intervened, he would ba pre- sent at the official opening of the school on February 15. Air. Livingston re- ported that Mr. A. Kieaebbaeii liad gener- ously offered to erect a room for the car- pentry classes. It was resolved that five carpenters' benches, each to accommodate two students, should be obtained. It wa3 agreed that a stock of tools should be laid in, and the course of instruction in carpentry was fixed at one lesron of two hours per week. -An invento-,y of the fur- niture and stock required for the dress- making and commercial classes, supplied by the instructor (Miss Rogers), was laid on the table. s . THREE ACCIDENTS. ,_ Tantanoola, January 30. A severe accident happened to Mr. Clark while, driving the elevators of the threshing machine on Friday evening to Glencoe. The kingbolt broke, resulting in Mr. Clarke falling and breaking botli legs. A maa who was accompanying Mr. Clarke mounted his horse to obtain as- sistance, but he, too, had not gone far when his horse fell and rolled over him, giving him a severe shaking. Three men were driving to Mount Gam- bier, and while forcing tlie horse through a ford two or three bolts of the vehicle broke. The trap was overturned aud the occupants fortunately escaped-with nothing more than a few scratches and a severe shaking. A FOOLISH JOKE. Hog Bay, January 30. While a social was being held at Mr. Buick's boardinghouse on Thursday, nigat some mischievous person was amusing him- self outside by going around to the traps and horses and cutting their reins. The local constable has the matter in hand., A FOX HUNT. Stockwell, January 30. A number of foxes have been seen be- tween this place and Kapunda, notably on Mr. Shannon's run, but not till to-day had one been caught in the immediate vicinity of Stockwell. Mr. Carl Seelander was out on horseback inspecting his paddocks, which lie along the Duck Ponds. He was accom- panied hy his two dogs, and he noticed a | number of magpies harassing something in the long grass. As he drew nearer, and could see more distinctly, the object turned out to be a fox. The dogs were soon on the scent, and a lively run resulted. The fo" was at last brought to bay. Mr. Seelander, who dispatched it, is pleased with his cap- ture, and intends to preserve the skin and brush as a memento of his first fox-hunt. ALDINGA. January 28.-On January, 20 Mr. W. J. Sowden delivered his popular lecture on Japan in .'aid of the institute, and it was illustrated by views shown by Mr. T. Pen gilly's powerful lantern.-On Wednesday, last Professor Bragg, who is spending his vacation here, gave a most interesting chat about radium, and exhibited a speck, which was handed round for inspection. The pro- fessor was warmly thanked, as were also the Misses Skinner, Higgins, and Bessie Dickinson, who contributed musical items. BURRA. January 30.-A social was tendered 'Mr. R. Thwaites, of the Bank of Australasia, last Friday evening. A number of local busi- ness men were present at the gathering, over which Mr. W. D. Truscott presided. A presentation of a silver-mounted pipe and a handsome tobacco pouch was l made by Mr. Charles Pearce, acting on behalf of a number of the principal business men of the place. Mr. Thwaites replied. Dur- ing the evening toasts wefe proposed and spoken to by Messrs. W. Truscott, W. Jor- dan C. Pearce, P. Gottchalk, Macindoe, H. Walker, F. Wheatley, and Flemming.-Dur- ing the year 1904 the inmates of the Burra Hospital aggregated 194, 177 of whom ulti- mately left the institution, there having been only 15 deaths. There are at present about 27 patients in the hospita!. Great credit is due to the board, of management, the medical men (Drs. Sang ster), the members of the nursing staff, and the secretary, Mr. F. Treloar. BEACHPORT. f January 28.-Several changes of light housekeepers have taken place. Mr. Day takes charge here, with Mr. S. Jones, from Cape Jaffa, as second. The fishing industry is looking up a little. The new boats are doing well, 131 fine schnapper having been caught .in one day, while another boat caught five dozen barracouta.-A branch of the Labor Party has been formed here. CLARENDON. January 30.-On Saturday an extensive bushfire was raging near the township. When the alarm was given M.C. Ewens and a large number of willing workers soon were on the scene, and after the fire had burned nearly 200 acres it was extinguished. The property owners who suffered were Mrs. Lawson and'Mr. H. L. Morphett, the former losing a quantity of wattle bark. EUDUNDA. January 30.-This morning the new de- nominational school in connection with the Eudunda Lutheran Evangelical Church was opened for use._ The school building, which is of a substantial character, cost, after free gifts of stone, lime, and sand, £170. There were 35 scholars present at the open- ing, and the school is under the control oE Mr. Eclkermann.-This evening a social 'and dance were held in the Century Hall, where a large gathering of friends of Dr. Feige, Mrs., and Migs Feige met to eay good-bye to Miss Feige on-'the eve of har departure for Adelaide, where she is going to engage in the duties of a hospital nurse. Eulogistic speeches were made by Messrs. M. J. ltvan and B. Neumann, and Dr. Feige returned thanks on behalf of his daughter. During the evening songs were rendered by Mr. J. J. Russell, and Misses Mucklow and Feige; recitations by Messrs. A. M. Hub ig and J. Ross. Refreshments 'were served; and dancing followed. GRUNTHAL. January 30.-On Saturday last the mem- bers of the Adelaide Game and Sports Club paid a. visit to their township., and enjoyed a splendid day's sport. Whilst some were occupied in fishing for perch in the Onka- paringa River, from which they secured a fine haul, others scoured the surrounding hills in search of game. Their efforts proved successful, as they shot numerous rabbits and a few hares. The members of the club intend to pay another visit shortly. HOG BAY. January 30.-Owing to so many vkitors arriving here, the hotel .ind boarding- hou^e keepers find it imponible to arrange accom- modation for all. Both places are iully taxed. A number of pleasure-seekers had to proceed to Kingscote. MORCHARD. January 30. - The annual meeting of the Morchard Institute was field on Friday evening. The balance-sheet sJiowed a profit of X30 7/2 for the past year, which is very creditable, us £15 has been spent on im- provements, and nearly £10 on literature. The elc-ction of officers resulted as follows: -President, Mr. W. Toop; vice-president, Mr. J. B. DcDougall; lion, secretary and treasurer, Mr. F. R. Back; committee. Messrs. McDougall. McKenzie, Brown, Lougbolham, and Scriven, Misses Toop and Graham, and Messrs. McKenzie. Longbot ham, Forbes, Scriven, Barry, Brown, Raf- ferty, and Kitto. The present debt on the institute is only ,C5S. MOUNT BARKER. January 31.-An enquiry was held yester- day concerning the fire which destroyed the residence of Mrs. R. Greenwood on Satur- day. Mr. A. C. Daw was the coroner. After examining five witnesses the jury returned a verdict to the effect that there_ was no evidence to show how the fire originated. The house was insured for £500. and the furniture for £175 in the Liverpool and London and Globe Insurance Company, which was represented at the inquest by the manager (MT. R. M. Steele) and inspector (Mr. E. Sabine). . MILLICENT. January 30.-A missionary campaign, under the auspices of the Adelaide Univer- sity Christian Union, was held in the banqueting-room of the institute on Friday last. Mr..S. J. Stuckey was in the chair. The student deputation consisted of Messrs. Moyes (Anglican) and Ingamells (Metho- dist), and they both gave instructive and interesting addresses on mission work. Mr. Moyes illustrated bis" address by mission diagrams, Mr. Ingamells taking the spiritual aspect of the subject. At the conclusion the Rev. T. Ward (Anglican) and the Rev. J. Nairn (Presbyterian) moved a vote of thanks to the visitors. Mr. Ingamells preached at the Presbyterian Church in the morning, and at the Methodist Church in the evening.-A large fire was raging in the ranges between Mount Bmx and Glencoe last week, but beyond grass and some fencing there "vvas no serious loss. Informa- tion was brought in on Saturday evening that a fire had burnt down the Mount Graham woolshed and men's huts, and as there were only three hands on the place it was a hard fight to prevent the loss of the homestead. The manager of the station states that besides the woolshed the fire destroyed a» lot of oats and grass-Eeed that had-.been stacked in the shed. NARRACOORTE. January 29. - On Thursday evening the annual meeting of the subscribers to the in- stitute was held, Mr. A. Attiwill presiding over a fair attendance. The annual report and balance-sheet for the year ended De- cember 31, 1904, after discussion, was adopted. The number of subscribers for the year was 114, compared -«ith 90 in the previous year. The number of volumes in the library at the close of the year was 3,980. and the number of books issued 5.808. During the year 170 new books were added to the .library. The total receipts for the year amounted to £155 4/5, and the expen- diture to £146 3/5. The general fund opened with a credit balance of £10 10/4, and closed with a credit balance of £19 6/, and the building fund opened with an over- draft of £3 1/5 and closed ,with one of- £3 4/3. The librarian, Miss J. E. Mcinnes, re- signed her position during the year, and Mrs. Paris was appointed to the office. The chairman, in moving the adoption of the report and balance-sheet, referred to the progress of the institute.* Miss A. Reddan, a subscriber, asked a number of questions in reference to Miss Mcinnes' resignation as librarian. ' The Chairman stated that Miss Mcinnes herself had made no com- plaint to the committee, and hjd resigned on being asked to do PO. It would be unfair to Miss Mcinnes to disclose any reasons ui the committee in her absence, but the com- mittee, who had acted straightforwardly and unanimously in the matter, would be willing to explain matters to Miss Mcinnes or her friends in committee. The following officers were elected for the ensuing year: President. Sir. J. L. Lewis; vice-president, Mr. A. H. Limbert;. treasurer, Mr. E. E. Davies; secretarv,'Mrs. Paris; committee, Messrs. W. Clark,'E. Thomas. W. H. But- ler, A. Wallace, W. J: Miller, and Dr. Mac Millan.-The Rev. B. D. Beeley gave a lec- ture in the Institute Hall on Thursday evening on "Canterbury," illustrated with magic lantern slides. The lecture ?«as un- der the auspices of the local branch of the British and Foreign Bible Society.-Captain O'Brien, from the staff office, Adelaide, visited Narracoorte on Friday, and inspect- ed the records and storesx of the local mounted squadron. He also inspected the defence rifle club's range on the racecourse. i He went on to Kingston in the evening. PENOLA. January 28.--This afternoon the Penola Rifle Club made its first essay at rifle shooting. The squad paraded at headquar- ters to the number of 20, and marched to the range, about two miles north, under the command of Captain Thyre. The fir- ing was confined to the 200 yards range, five shots per-man. The target was of can- vas, each hit being obliterated by a patch. -This evening the Penola Football Club held a smoke social in Host Reynolds' Royal Oak Hotel, Mr. R. McClanaghan pre- siding over 40 or 50 guests. A pleasant in- cident was the presentation of silver medals, suitably inscribed, the gift of Mr. J. Harmer, of this township, to Messrs. Ro- bert Black, Henry Flint, and Fred Dar- went, whose deeds in many a hard-fought battle had done much to add to the long lists of victories by the Penola Football Club. PETERSBURG. January 28.-At a meeting of the Great Northern Lodge of Freemasons on Friday evening a lecture was delivered by Bro. J. Shakespeare, G.D., of Adelaide. Visitors attended from Terowie, Nackara, James- town, and Adelaide. After the lecture a social was held, at which songs and recita- tions were contributed by Broa. Stevenson, Halcomb, Phillips, and Bowering. STOCKPORT. \ January 31.-On Sunday morning Mrs. C. W. Smith, relict of Mr. C. W. Smith, died at her residence, after a lingering illness. The deceased was an old and much respa'-t e.l resident of the district, and was in her 75th year. She left two sons (Mr. Sidney and Mr. George Smith) and three daugh- ters (MRS. J. Murray, Mrs. G. Howard, and Mrs. R. Whitelaw), and 10 grandchildren. The funeral took place on Monday. TICKERA. January 20.-A.youog son of Mr. William Barker, who has ' just recovered from a se- rious attack of pneumonia and inflamma- tion of the lungs, was playing on a sofa. when he fell heavily on the cemented floor, putting his wris tout of joint. 