"One million pounds in timber alone” is the loss which the officers of the Forestry Department estimate to ho an nually sustained in Victoria, owing to bushfires. As to tlie total' extent of the damage thus occasioned in the State every .year not even an approxi mately correct calculation is possible. It is only when a country-side is swept by flames, and the fruit of a year’s labor is destroyed in a few hours or minutes, that the public imagination is struck, and that some conception is formed of the enormous destruction of property that is caused. Such was the case in the summer of 1900, when seve ral parts of Victoria reported the most serious bush fires ever experienced since I Black Thursday. In the Yackandan- J dali district the damage occasioned was roughly estimated at £so,ooo—lire stock, homesteads, grass, and fencing having been destroyed throughout a very wide area. From Varrnambool came reports of about half a million acres having been swept ,of grass, to gether with six woolsheds, many hun dreds of miles of fencing, and thou-! sands of sheep and cattlo. The de vastation experienced in parts ef Gippa land will be vividly remembered. In the Glenmaggje, Upper Maffra, and Briagolong districts three persons were .burnt to death, about 50 miles of country swept, and homesteads, bridges, and culverts destroyed in largo num tyfr.. The township of Currajong wai almost demolished, and in the Tambo country homesteads, stock, grass, and ■fencing to the vaiuo of £20,000 were ; mined, While other districts suffered severely. The present summer is not yet far spent, but already it has fur nished its tale of devastation 1 , more, par ticularly from the State of New South Wales, in some parts of which nothing is now to be seen for mile after mile but blackened ashes and smouldering trees, except the even more saddening spec tacle of homsteads destroyed or de nuded of every outbuilding and every picket and pale of fencing. Reports i continue to be received daily of the I great destruction by the flames and the | suffering endured by settlers, who in m'any instances are homeless and de stitute. Several thousands of sheep have perished in tho Delegate country. : Woolsheds have been demolished, andj homesteads burned to. the ground. Around Tomora' it is said that 5000 sheep have been lost. The country be tween Gundagai and Waggn is describ- J ed as one huge, bare paddock, in which j tho stock which escaped death are wan dering about minus tails and ears. Tho ! traffic superintendent at Junee places the loss in bagged wheat alone on the i branch railway lino betweon Culcairn and Corowa at 60,000 bngs, or. about' 1 250,000 bushels. It is impossible ;to■! form any estimate of the losses through out tho State, but thoy must bo enor mous, as thedxtent of country swept by 1 the fire was unusually large, and the fires occurred at a time which, to whesigrowers especially, could not have been more inopportune:' .yin some Jwd' instances actualtloss of life -occurred, Bnd-of. the deathsfrom' heat/apoplexy recorded, some have no .doubt been due' to the gallant efforts made to withstand the progross of the flames. From Waggn tho accounts describe a terrible state of things, attended by loss of life. Some faint idea of tho scene may be gathered from the telegraphed de scription of bush fires advancing in an in esistiblo sea of flame, with a front of 50 miles, and a dopth of from 15 to 18. Tho most courageous .efforts would prove of little avail against n conflagra tion of this gigantic character. Nor have fields of battle witnessed many braver deeds than thoso.recorded dur ing tho progress of the fifes. Numbers of heroic actions liavo been reported on tho part of settlers who liavo risked, and in some cases sacrificed, their lives, in order to save the lives and property of others, when all classes have worked strenuously togother to assist ono an other. • Stories of such disasters as those experienced last week arouao in terest for a time, but rarely docs tho sympathy which they excito lead to practical, results. The responsihlo au thorities are at a loss to suggest means by which tho risk of tho recurrence of disastrous grass fires can bo averted nnd minimised. Extensive fire breaks are being made in tho State' forests, but the carelessness of youths on shooting ex peditions, nnd of tramps frequently sots at naught tho precautions taken. Each year tho Chief Commissioner of Police directs the attention of tho men sta tioned in the country districts to tho necessity of doing all in their power to check the careless use of fire or fire arms, and there can' bo no doubt that if greater caution in this respect could be enforced, one of the most serious causes of mischief would bo diminished. Bush fires may, and do, spring from a variety of causes, but farmers do not hesitate to name carelessness as oho of the principal of them. Tho annual trips of reckless and irresponsible lads are viewed with alarm by all farmers, who know from experience tho dangers arising from tho use of paper gun-wads, and tho careless management of ca-np fires. Toward the suppression of this particular danger something might i>* done by the punishment with the ut most rigor of the law of any instance o£ wilful or careless causation of fire. In more than one case this season largo areas would have been saved from de vastation had ordinary care been exer cised, and had past heavy losses arous ed a due sense of the need for stringent precautionary measures in country dis tricts. Tiro reports of the bush fires of the season have, indeed, furnished a formidable list of charges of careless use of fire, and probably a few cases of exempltary punishment of those respon sible for offences, which are so heinous in themselves and often so disastrous in their results, would have a salutary effect. There is an act which was passed with a view to checking tins carelessness, and it is imperative that it should be enforced as strictly and as severely ns possible. The Boyd Commission on State Forests suggest ed various other practicable means by which the dangers of bush fires might be diminished, and stress cannot bo too persistently laid upon the importance of giving effect to these, and more es pecially to the recommendation a« to the adoption of some effective form of spark arrester on tho railway iocomo tives. The industrious and heroic energy with which settlers and towns folk form thomselves into amatour fire brigades for tho time being, in the face of peril, to beat back the hush fires, and stamp them out, shows that under pressure of necessity concerted action is not lacking, but it would assuredly be more effective if takon beforehand in the form of a general combination among farmers, graziers, and all others whoso interests are endangored, with a view to taking whatever systematic steps are possible to prevent the spread of fires, to call public attention to the danger, to arouse duo vigilance, and to check tho carelessness of those whose want of thought is often responsible for terrible mischief. Mr Bcwacchi’s forecast of the weather until noon to-day is.-—Fine and cool; south-easterly winds; slight sea. At the City Council meeting yesterday the following motion, moved by pr J. J. Brokenshire was carried without'discus sion—“That this council protests against the injustice done to tho mining com panies and local industries by the rates fixed by the Railway Commissioners, viz., 8s Gid per ton for coal from Melbourne to Ballarat, a distance of 74 miles, in con trast to Cs 3d per ton from Jumbunna to Melbourne, a distance of 73 miles, or a difference against Ballarat of 2s Sfd per ton; nnd that a copy of this resolution be sent to the Premier, and the 00-operaiion of the members for the district be re quested to get the same removed." There was a good attendance at the fortnightly mooting of the Newington branch of the Australian Natives' AsCo ciat'on, which wn a held lost night in the Federal Hall, Stunt street. T.he presi dent (Mr George Addis) occupied the chair. An invitation was received for a representative of the branch to attend a luncheon at tho Exhibition Building, in Melbourne, in connection with the A.N.A. National Fete. A discussion arose in. re ferpnee to the ruing as tx> an ex-presi dent' of the branch not being eligible to the office of secretary, and the subject whs referred to a subsequent'meeting. After Other business had been hronsacted, an interesting discussion ensued cm the a? ootwagement of Australian manufactures, which'tras.favored by nearly all present. At riie next meeting, which will bo beta on Tuesday, 31st iTint., a paper on. social taxes will be read by Mr T. Martin. • The City Council yesterday received a communication from the Mayor of Hull m, answer to a letter of sympathy gent in connection with the outrage on the fisher men from that port by tho Baltic fleet, llie .Mayor of Hull cordially acknowledg ed tliq council's letter, which, ho stated, was highly appreciated at Hull. A preliminary meeting of those inter ested in the management of the Pan- Olympio visit from Bendigo to Ballarat whs held last night at Craig's hotel, for tho purpose of arranging the details of the visit. Mr T. A. Williams presided. It was reported by Mr T. N. Bell that the Progress Association of Ballarat, which bad managed the excursion on tho oceastoa of the preliminary visit, had made a small profit, and had managed tho affair in a manner that had secured what success there „ was. Lieutenant to.oDcl Williams thought that tho Pro gress Association should bo asked to ran the return visit. That body had ‘a thorough grip of the whole matter, and was best fitted to handle it. -Mr Bell moved'.that a deputation comprising Lieut--Co!onol Williams, Hr Salmon and the mover wait on tlio Progress Associa tion on Wednolday, and ask it if it will taka, up the matter. -Mr C. Herbert se conded -the motion, which was carried. A conversational 'discussion ensued as to the best data, on which the return visit should be arranged, but this'was loft open. It was pointed but that the B-n-: digo .Association had done everything that could be dono to make .the visit of i Ballarat people enjoyable, while the Ballarat Progress Association had ca pabiy manag'd the excursion from. Bal jara-t: Therehairman said that. from the bowling point of view, the 25th and 26th of would be the moet suitable ‘lt was, however,' pointed oat that the Athlctio Club had a Shrubb- Duffy meeting on dates near those mentioned, fnfljtt.e Wivrtr Carnival in Ballarat wna to, beyhpld OT.ifel7th a3id Mth-Febra ,F7; while tne Geelong regatta, vn also w*a- not Tba Association, said hh* chair mail, might liavo eom«i dates to and it would bo advisable to have a moot ing after* tho Progress Association inot, in order to report && to the data which cou-ld be obtained. It wa* .pointed, out that there ''might bo contests v in cricket, bowling, tennis, . cmatoar athletics, swimming, rifle matches, iron quoita, miueia* pricket, and .minors* tug of war. Tho meeting then adjourned until Friday. Tht Government some time ago granted tho Boys* and Girls’ Institute a piece of land forming part of the Supremo Court reserve in Lydiard street for the purpose of erecting a much- needed building in which to carry on the business of the in stitute. and Cra Shoppee and Brokonshire, together with Mr J. West Lau. wore ar>- pointed trustees of tho land for tho Lands Department. Enquiries havo been made as to when tho authorities of tho insti tute and its supporters intend making n move towards securing the erection of tho building, and it is stated that a meeting is to bo called shortly with the object of setting the movement on foot, I-t is pointed out that tho present would be a suitable tinio to purchase for re moval a commodious building, which could, bo altered cheaply to suit tho pro sent roqpiremen'ts of the institute. This would at any rate enable the work to bo carried on until the funds of the insti tute were sufficiently substantial to enablo them to erect a large building. M'Grath, M.L.A. t has written to tho City Council promising to support the request for a grant for prospecting on tho Sebastopol Plateau, and has also ventured an opinion that as. the first step towards oj>ening the eubjoct up the Minister of Mines should bo asked to institute an enquiry into tho whole sub ject of royalty in this district. Cr 13ro kenshiro on Mr M'Grath's letter being read at the City Council mooting yester day. asked if any of the other members had respoadod to tho communication sent them, and wna informed that they had not. The Premier who waa' alao ad dressed, repliod.’Tnlofficial and stereotyped terms that the. loiter would receive con sideration. Tho City Council yesterday decided to erect a drinking fountain at the corner of Surt and Grenville street, chiefly for the use of the van. men. who use the stand in tho former street. The work was decided upon on tho initiative of Cr Brokenshire, and though Cr Shonpeo protested that the work should be a joiafc one the council decided to erect the fountain itself. -Colonel Greoufield and Mr R. S. ‘ Jlager, tho cliairmnn respeotivelv- of the Baliarat and Ballarat Miiiera* Turr , Olubs, at the conjoint moating held last night, referred to tho great lo 1 * tho clubs had sustained through tho death of Mr its b. Foley. Both gentlemen stated tfi.it whoever tho new man might be, he would find it rather difficult to maintain the nigh standard of tho late secretary., Mr James Lyons, the newly-appointed sec jotary ia fully aware of tho responsi bility devolving upon him, and express • k-ing’ keen to do his best lor both clubs. Tho new secretary .lias ac quired a good deal Of organising exiiori i ? nc *'' gained with ' well- known sporting for many yeans secretary of the South Ballarat Football Club, has • been for some time a prominent commit teeman of the Miners* Turf Club and has acted as steward and weigher fee the same club, and a Q judge for the Lai Lai lurf Club. Tuirf patrons are well oatis nea with Mr Lj'oos’ apDointment, and appear to l>e confident that ho will prove ( a capabLo secretary. Before the adjournment'of tho Bonoro lone Asylum Coniuiitcce meoiiu«» last “'“I 1 " 6 , 11 ; 6 president (tile Bon. 1). Ham) thunked Mr Ueo. Lovitt for tho manner in which he had worked in collectnig £l5 for the purpose of sup pljing tobacoo for the old men at Christ . . • , observed that he want ed no thanks for what ho had dons The wors to him was a labor of fore. Tho chairman— "Your name ought to bo Lovo instead of Lovitt.” Mr Lovitb- Oh, well take off the ‘it* if you like, ‘it’ no difference.” Subsequently Mr Lovitt said ho had collected d>ls 18s 6d, ° k w 'l llc h 17s had bddi disbursed in tobacco, which with a debit-balance of “ *l r ° m roar a fund made a total expenditure of XU 10s. leaving a crc-iit baianco of XI ss. Ho would havo had iio baanoe in band but for the kindness Mombor ot the committee (Mr J n th « amount from his account. He dosired to thank "The and tho Courier' for the number fund para ff ra P Jls IB helping along : his ■ Tlide was again litblo fo occupy the at tontion of tho bench at the City Court yesterday, although there waa a goodly vi niogistrabrs iu attendance, viz., P.M.. and ifesirs W. Coitiuan J. Graham, and Jca M'Kay, n .a m b inucane, who bad boon If LL^-n° n f b ? Previous-day on a charge of insulting behaviour, was, on the apnlil cation of tho police, remanded to tie Gaol for a week for medical treatment. An inebriate was discharged, as it was ins first offence. A lad who was pro ; oeidcd against Joe- obstructing the tho ; xjughf-are, stated that he did not know that he was doing wrong, ami =s n 0 a „. IMsared to boa respecablo lad, Sergeant tbat , b * ''; oultl withdraw the clioiige. Aftor orders liad been, made for "' lth P 0 ® 1 ?. iu & Scvr smali debt ca3°s, the ooiirfc adjourned. Yesterday afternoon, at about half-past Cr£> broke «»t ia a weaS board cottage, occupied by Mrs Hicks, in rat^.ifi treeC f n '° ar Bark !- V afcl ' ot . Baliu “‘“J- It appears that Mis Hicks went out on business, Jcaving her children OI ibo I 1011 ? 9 ’ And it is suimited Paring with matches and set fire to the curtains. Cries of the attracted tho attonion of some toon employed at plumbing woifc in thto at “«» rrnhed S f ?? and managed to beat out the flames before any great demogo had been done Ttu> Ballarat Biro Brigade, which hod been summoned arrived, quickly but tho “ST 0,0 were, not , A } the meeting of the City Council yes. torday Cr Heinz asked if tho Electric V Company intended to proceed with tin itr£V t0 l“ n r ?"i r ? nß strcet t 0 Bovo ton street, which had been stopped pond ..J.attioment of . a- dispute is to levels, ihc engineer, Mr A. Barrer ex plaiued that while the levels of the lino at this block were originally fixed by him and the tramway engineer, the mils were not laid down to those levels. He pro tested and tlio rails were lowered in one place, to tho desired level, but in another they were not put down far enough. Tho result of this wao to croate a rise in tho load, w-hich would throw the drainage diagonally across'the footpath. He had protested, and tho.. Tramway Company and the council had consulted, and in tho end notice had been, sent to the company that the lino must bo lowered. Sinco then nothing had been done. It would not eost the company XlO to lower tho rails at tho point in question, and ho could not see what objection tho company had to doing the work. Cr IVhykes asked if it was not mtendEd by the company to put a culvert, the lino to xarry offi tho drainage. Mr i’arror insisted that there wus no need;/or such if the line was put down to tho proper levels. No action was taken. Cr Heinz remarking that ho merely wished tho-public to know what was being done. Tho monthly deoting of the Ballarat Lire Brigade Club, waw hold l'asf evening.' ilr P- Cockbarn (president) occupied tho chair, and , there, ; wn». a very,-largo at tendance of members. An application was received I'roni the secretary of the Ivy Tower Quadrille Club, asking for as sistance for the widow of a la!o mbrnber, and it was decided to render help iu any entertainmfcnt that might bo held for the puiposo. It wad resolved that a letter of oondolonee bo sent to'Sirs Kerr oaid family. The preeid'.-nt, treasurer (Mr Cairns), and several members report ed having attended the City Fire Bri gades. picnic, and spent a very .enjoyable t‘ m o. -It waa decided that a letter of., thanks bo sent, to the City Brigude for inviting tho club members to this picnic. Attention waa drawn to the fact that tho Fire Brigade buildings required painting, and it was decided to ask-, tho Country- Fire Brigades Board to 1 havta the work done. The monthly ineeting of the Ballarat Benevolent Asylum Committor was held Inst evening at the Board Boom, Cbimp street. The members present- wor*-< The Hon. D. Ham (president), the Bovs. Fa ther Guilfoyle, T/B- Cairns, and Canon’ Canmichael, Mlassns T. P. Long. W. Gtn'e. W. White, J. Alhclead,. G. Lovitt,-A. *W, Hager, C; E. Grainger, J. M*Kay, D. Cooke, L. Lederman, W. Coltman. J. Phillips, and' J. Oddio. The secretary reported that the finances had bone hoclc JK6I2 for the pant six months, and that the dobit balanoe now stood, at X 1023 11s. ,Tha Bey. -T. B. Cairns said he sup-, posed -that the falling off would be made «p m- the'lfart .haU-yaar. end the eecro tary expressed the hope that it would be. Mt Oddie thought that the best thing thry could do was to'send down the state-' tad Treasurer. Tbe medical ot fio*r (Dr JP<3low;an)'reported that theab nortnally, h«*. -weather:- daring the past w*ek' ; had been , the icaose of a luge amount of eiokrias? and heat exhaustion at tho institution. Ho also, reported that one inmate who had a malignant, growth oh his forohead arid who ''refused to bo operated on-at the institution, hod hem operated on by someone outside, whoso name he rotated to give. Under the cir cumstances ho (Dr ii r Gowon) declined to, take tuny responsibility in the case/ Mr Grainger remarked that it waa a Tory ir regular thing for inmates to go outside* the institution, and it was unfair to :he doctor. If the thing wn* not stopped no did no known where it would end. Ino president agreed that the practice should be stopped, and the matter thou dropped. After transacting reported else where tlxi mooting udjour.ned. On tlio clauco in Mayor Barker's report to thij City Council dealing with tho rail way traffic arraugeiucutty on New Yearn Day being prtsouted y-ivitord-y Cr Middle ton warmly commcuded the mayor on iiin trenchant prolt-st, and expressed tho opinion thac the policy of the departmout scorned to bo everythin? for Melbourne and nothing for the country. It was time that thfj provinces rose in a body and entered aa emphatic protect. Or Brokenshiro also spoke, pointing out that tho children who were conveyed to Cres wick in the Lydiard street Methodist pic nic train had to sit on flooring boards on rabbit crates in opou trucks—a disgrace ful skate of affairs altogether. He would move that tho attnution of tho Premier and tho Commissioners be drawn to tho disgraceful neglect of tip- country in this matter, and that they he a : ked in fufcuio to supply a. fair proportion of covered trucks end carriages for the- use of the provincial districts. Cr Shoppco seconded tho motion, which was carried. The Ballarat ‘.Pown Council wrote to the City Council yesterday asking sup port in having the country municipal con tribution to the Fire Brigades’ Board re duced from one-third io one-fourth. Cr Shoppeo pointed out that some time ago ho tried hard to squash, the Country Hire Brigade* .Board, bat had failed:: A lot of deputations hod waited on the Go vernment, but- eventually Sir Alex. Pea cock put his foot down and the agitation was killed. (Laughter.) He did not think -that they would get any redress, hut they might try. It was decided to join with tho Eastern Council in moving in the matter. A Mr J. T, Leafe has hit upon the idea of advertising Ballarat, in England by moans of lantern views, and yesterday wrote to the City Council asking for some of ttfo official books of views. He also asked that the council should supply him with tho necessary lantorn slide*, which, however the council hesitated over, but on being informed that tho cost would not be great and the advertisement would boa good one. referred tho request to tho mayor to deal with. It seems that the mein jt'ason whv the Cit\\* Brigade is sometimes behind the Town Brigade in reaching a fire when the alarm oomos from the Bunk’s Hkod corner is that tho former are not connect ed direct with that alarm, but have to be run* up from the Town fire station. Cr Brokenshiro pointed out this fact to the City Council yesterday, end n»wl that the Country Fire Brigade? Board be to connect the C : ty station direct with the Burk's Head alarm, so that both brigade* oonld be summoned from the one box. The council decided to put the request before the board. /^yVt p. G ; S3 , ln B' breeze in the south ward.— Ur Middleton moved at the City Council yesterday that plan*’ be prepared for channeling the side of Durham street, remark:ng that the work had been agreed on by the word members, which statement brought Cr Wbvkee to his feet with an indignant protest. He had not been consulted, and liv thought tiwt V r r . Middleton had not acted fairly. Cr iMiaaie,on m turn rose and protested that ho had not acted unfairly. Or Whytes remarked that it had the practice of the south ward members in consult mutually es to nnv works which P 24 .. to L ho brought forward. and Cr Middleton was wrong i.n ..-fin- on hiA o«-n imfcelirr Cr Middleton merely “tni'ed benevolently on h-s co’lo-igue, and Cr Pesrsc. the other south ward mem bo*, declared in characterisHtvilly bluff frsh lon that ho did nor no ro whether he me. consuUbd or not, end tho bottom euddcnlv ( *°ll out of the dispute. po Ballarat Tnrf Club and tho Balia ! rat Miners Turf Club, at a. conjoint : mooting of delegates, held last night at ; Newton a hotel, at 8.30 o’clock, appoint ;od a secretary to act for hath clubs in the plnoa oi the Into Mr- R. S. Foley, the c.hoioa falling on M-r Jas. Lyons. Ten del "gars of each club met at 7 D .m in caucus, and investigafc-rd. tho applications tor the position, 19 candidates having ap- R , 1 1< v? cac! ‘ clmb. The Ballarat Tut.f Unb 10 made Mr Lewis J. Fox their choice, after reading tho letters and tes timonials; tho Miners'delegates choosing Mr .las. Lyons, after also going through the applications and testimonials.. A eoamint melting of tho oiib-committees ef tho two clubs was then held. Mr R S. xlager being appointed chairman, with an ordinary vote only, but no de]ibo*ative or casting vote Tlie ballot resulted in - Messrs Fc-x and Lyons securing 10 vote each. It was agreed to settle the dead heat by lot, and t.h,e namo of Mr Lyons coming out first, he was appointed score- i tary to both clubs. Tho Education Department has pub lished tho following further instalment lSn C: n ml £ n n 0!1 rc f; u J :3 in connection until the Ballarat School of Mints Land swrveymg.—Grade I—Pass, credit— Arthur E. Tandy, 157-200;. Erie. E. Booth, r. 1 'A 1 ; Scwn-rd. 106; Wilfred ai/W’o 1 G1 i' nd,rr u - Evans, 107; \- V ' l>ort J. iob t”. 121; Thos. R. Williams. 1M; Martin H. Bade, 105; Claudes Sto rensou; log. tirade 2—Pass—Eric E Booth, 145-200; Arthur E. Taudv, 105; Norman Stuckey, 102. Tho neglect of the City Council to lost year place tho wreaths on tho Queen Vic* doath on i -bo anniversary of tho suhWt if H ? r ato formed the and r Qr dTorso comment at the time, Sf S IO f >IH,J yesterday pointed out that tho anniversary was again due next h ° 1 ? od . that th ' s Hn > 6 there no omission. Tho wreaths of immortolles woi-o still available, and ns | fn a . ot kohovo that tho coHueil wished : mto ° bll ™n the, memory of tho diiisS- id'r' A? movlsd tliat the statue be \- 3 ’- tho council on Sunday next. The motion was earned unanimously. Dr Mitchell yesterday made a pust examination of. the body of ‘A" 8 ’ 0 ’ died suddenly in Ballarat East on Sunday under circum- Stanoee reported in “The Star? of *5- » 6 , d °ctor found that fr P tu heart disease, and n^ tk WOB due to natural causes Uho City coroner (Mr W. Dickson) on bol t at- ®fbuainl*l with this , fact, deddS that no enquiry was necessary. h,a Jp.cmidable list of offenders against Gl< ; G ! l y bylaws was submitted to tho council yesterday, the police o-ulied for Bummouses against erring cyclists (to tlie P ul pbi>r of twenty), youths who indulged r'lr.'vn at tlio lake, and offending cab fh.vfi b ?'-. no ,lcen 3cs- In ail, sumo ■ thirty to forty separate authorities to prosocuto wore issued, and councillors ox* -pressed the opinion that the provision fMl prUllto autll °rity should, bo givun in each case was one which might easily •bo dispensed with, seoing that it only ini a ° isnt tames at which letter boxes wore 2a°el 6 xr la .? a^r Pf‘ °- letter addreee sd to Maryborough or Geelong was posted alter 5.30 m tho pillar boxes they worn a day and a half iatar. lhat was of no use to busin'.ssmou. and 5? ies ’faro simply traps for tho ? e m< *rad that tie department be aisiod to make two cleoranO.-s daily Councillors geuoradly agreed with the and decided to make the re pS? fl l ct I 1 " 1 ? N- r , s ?dnoy Smith, the Postmastor-Geniral, has detemuned to take into consideration the heavy uniform worn by iottor-carnens on their rounds will bo received with pleoauits by men en gaged in, that branch of the public ser . During the recent spellbf hot wea f f!! it.had struck many local citisons that the red coats worn- by tho local ler.or-carners have appeared to be warm and uncomfortable It is woll known that red attracts heat mode thou any other color with tho exception of black and m addition to tho color of the uni form being unsuitable for the warm wea--' ther, the material is too hoary. A white ; duck or holland eoat. with a rod badge or red lodging, would undoubtedly be a '-rea. improremont on the present style of uniform, and Would bo an innovation greatly;appreciated, by tba letter-oaxri'ers. AfJIJ - Z- V- Hogan’s Article in the "Pall Mall Gnsetto on the Eureka Stockade, of "Australia’s Only Bat tleneld, has evoked several reminiscent /A- f . rom surviving diggers of the early fifties, now resident in England. Here I B if a -mW from a writer signing hita oelf E.B. :-r I was very pleased to read your nccount of the Eureka Stockade. I. with my brother, after a four months* voyage, landed, ip, Melbourne in those Haye, and made our *ay to Bendigo, walk ing' the whole' distance oMOO miles carry jnff our blankets- Ac., and sleeping in the hush. .When we arrived there wp were surprised to find that we had to pay 30s % month eacir betore we were allowed to mine. Alter working one month without any luck, and sinking many lO feet to 12, feet tioep, and our money running short, wo continued with only one li cense. One of us had them to hide away because the police and .soldiers . were marching down the gullies demanding from every digger his license, and when ho could not show one he was walked oft' to the cuinp, lucked up, and he last his tools and tent. You will see what tho tax meant when I add that flour was at .£1(1 a sack, and other things in propor tion. 1 came homo in 1352, after a fairly good time, and am sorry 1 ever did/' Tho presiding mag-surates at the Town Couix yia;ordu.y : were Aitssis J. M. K.lin/3 and 1. Boa roe, J**.!*. A young man. nainou Arthur Harris was charged by Loiiytabio i'uigo with having behaved in •on iiifeiuiung manner in Mu in street o a Saturday ignt. Tho pi odacu tor’s story was -hat ho tsav tho defendant “petting hia head La at people's windows/' and in odior respects acting strangely. So many ! complaints wk-ro *about him that i tho constable thought it b-irst to lock him 1 up. Tue dcfoiidcut told tho bench that j he had just come in from Lcarinonth, and i while'waiting for ihe pawn shops to open. ; had 'jakßn a iVw drinks. As Harris h-ad ; not x>:o'.*iousiy come under the notico of | tlie polite he was discharged with a can -1 non to abstain from strong drink in the ! future. Two inobria;eci—a male end a i «ei»a:o for thoir !ap->e fined J>l j each, in default .&>veu d-yjps* imprison * nivnt; a-d another penitent inebrinto was ; dischaiged. I _ Ai.glo.o in the Ballarat district are bo- I ln S g-nerously ea.-erod for. Lake Wen* ; doureo is at p ; e-seat splendidly stocked wdh fiali, tho water reservou? have been ! thrown, ope a to fishermJ.tn/ and now the : Buliaratshiie councillors are endeavoring to provide them with more sport. One • oi the clauses of tho president’s ih'port, which was presented to the council ye?-* t-ordny,- contained 'the information that ti}B council had been pro ented with 10 030 young trout by Mr A. J. Fiaken. acting on behalf of the trustees of tho late Sir cMmad Wilson;. Half of the trou? hare been placed in I>-.Uo Burrumbebt and half i m Lako Lcarmonih. The clause clo=e? . Wlth tp* remark that the thanks- of the I c ?li ocl! , due to Mr Fisken for the i 2iit, which is a very valuable one, and 1 rjit. ° ,ho , n of re locking tho Lakes with a. good specimen, of fish. . it is not geuo.atly known that applica tiona to fish, in the water reserves will Oil payment oi an annual ieo of 10s. bo conoidf-red by the Water Commissioners Jho officials at tho Commission office re port that numerous requests hare been made lor permit to fish in the Gone Gone and other reservoirs. Thl.-re is no doubt : that suriOptuiouu night fishing: in the ro- I serves had been going: on. occasionally, in | *P*te of the care:ul watching of Mr Low 1 l\ ud , n s a >’-onts, and it is just as well , tfiat the anglers should be allowed to try I .reservoiis under supervision in day | | T ! ; c J r . t ? removing the temp-a tion to'do lllicitfishing after sundown. No | .eiisi-ti. ..•al pkeatorioi hauls were lepert- I ?i , re3terila J'> but fishlcrmen anticipate j that some good baskets will yet reward their efforts, it being well-known that the reservoirs ore amply stocked with fish. ihu City Council, according to the monthly financial statement presented y.scoruay, has a debit-balance of iilboi. rn>miJh'fa I '° 3o; ' vd =‘nce the end or fast municipal your amounted to A1126, while the sanitary rate yielded £324. Cab nnd ac “£ r ®s is « a “o-i in such eases, wvmo well paid, £206 9s out of an estimate °; savins boon, received. Private salejards dues to tho amount of £i->i have been received, and cuttl.ynrda duis amounting to Jlci>7 have aiso been paid k luuidred aai twenty-seven pounds n? r Pa ‘ and Ul , from thin haymnrfcet. k,.f - fc>o lor P oll c6 fines, L-l has already been received. On the StI’' 1 ’' 6i ?° • £1022 oa aa estimate of -UOGh for works in progress has already been expended, and a; 1120 oa hired labor £ nd J^ xnteßQ - n ?P® nt , oa lands. The move able bandstand in the. City Oval which rn!nihf| CU to ■ £ls ’ actually of r expenditure of £23. A sum he/ 563 ! ut . of an OS £2400 has been already spent, and 21-194 has been anT%“ ? Ot T 0 ? urdt “» mainton . 1 “o mayor has drawn 21200 of tho annual allowance of A'-100. The total ox f“r the five montha and odd lffl r i4‘lt ted * " d6bit ° a t^ ffoath of Mrs Ann Penrose H-arvev u.v a"!? 111 ”' 1 ' j“ ltUJBul;> ’ 011 Sunday even ■ jfi.tm l^ s .,- I I s of Mrs A. itiddook, wm JSvmo- sawt,-where she' S " n r °?“ rtod , to 016 coroner i d ;V • t . J ts -Dr Grace \aio, who had u'S- a tOU f m? tb f d '-'m-aned for sZe that *de;itdi i ' epa .‘‘ ed to kiwo a certificate tuat death Wn, due to heart failure oen soqn-ut on bronchitis, no enquiry’ was 1 S‘Of R ,T - rb * «»** the*? “me as a shock to mnnt itrends, who had entertained a most cordial regard for her. The recent railway bungle, which caus ed passengers to be convlycd to various p ensure resorts on the 2nd January last ill open and partially covered trucks in most inclement weather, has been severe ly commented on by the local and district municipalities, ifle president of Balla ratshire, in the report which he presented to councillors yesterday, referred to tlm “nnHedin^} 0 "' 3 “" T - !l ° - accommodation supplied for the excursionists bv the Bail way Department was simply scandalous, p OU and that our member. Sir Alox. Peacock, be requested to try and induco tho Commissioners to effect some alteration, whereby visitors to tbo plea sure resorts in the municipality may bo treated in a different manner/' I- ‘ tho engineer of tho ! Tow u Council, .who last week was serious ly 111, was yesterday much better, and his medical adviser now anticipates a speedy recovery. Mr ML Penton, correspondent Of the Ballarat Last Board of Advice, and ■ secretary ot the Ironworkers' Association, i is also reported to be improving slowly. I The following mon wero last night pick- ! ed to form tho Ballarat Fire Brigade Hose I Liglus team at the forthcoming demon- i stratiou, to be held at tVarrnambool:— U. Biegelbuth, J Crougey, R. Cornish, G. l ord. G. Vawdrey, A. Uunstan, J. White, a » , t-compton. These members w-ere selected from the tw-enty-one whose names w-ere submitted. Subsequentlv Katcliffe challenged Ford, Cairns challenged Crompton, and F. Allen challenged White, ihe challenges will be run off thif sveu ing, and to-inorxow night the sixes will be picked. i Yesterday thp City Council woe present ed with the official report of the joint in spection or the dairies of City by the health officer and inspector of health. The report was a follows-.—"We have the honor to report having inspected the loro going dairies nnd milk shops cariying oa business throughout the City. The do taiied result of our Inspection, is em bodied in the foregoing tabulation: The majority of the premises aro in a very satisfactory condition, dairies and milk ing eneds boing well ventilated and oleau. Our instructions, given from time to time regarding necessary sani tary improvements, have been well at tended to, and a uecided improvement has been the. result. The major portion of tho milk consumed in the City is obtain-, ed from country dairies, over waich we nave no supervision- whatever regarding their sanitary condition. One hundred and seventy-eight (17d; oowa are milked. dairies; total, including dry cows, being two hundred and twenty (22in, all of -S 11 -J 1 ™, ln n.good healthy condition.— I.' r- Jordon, M.R.C.S.E.. etc., Officer of Health; J. U. Williams, Health Inspoc t?.r - Tne report was received, coun cillors expressing themselves as being highly pleased with the state of the dairies In the City. Bliza Milae, aged 70, residing in Dove-' t°u street, met with a somowhat serious accident in a very simple manner yester day. She was alighting from a cart when the horse moved, and in turning aho slipped and fell, and her arm turned under her.- She was picked up. evident iy in great pain, and on boing taken to the Hospital was found to have sustained a fracture of tiia arm. John Fiaucane who was suffering from incipient delirium tremens, was brought to the Hospital by Constable O’Connor, but as the ITos pital dees not admit such cases Finucane was removed to tho gaol hospital for treatment. • Mr L. Ledorman, a member of the Bene volent Asylum Committee, referred at last evening’s meeting of that body to the fact that recently one or two men had been sent,to gaol for reasons over which they nnd no control. Ho thought that there should he soino arrangement whereby men might bo-admitted to the Benevolent Asy lum by Bomo more direct means. The chairman pointed out that the ruleß of the institution would not allow it to ao cept contagious cases. Father Gnilfoyle had been most energetic iu getting one man admitted to tho Austin Hospital for Incurables. Mr Ledorman said ho did not refer to contagions cases. He thought there should bo some more direct means for the' admission of cases of destitution into a charitable institution. , Mr M’Leod remarked-.that during his term of presi dent some half a dozen cases'were referred to tho Asylum Committee. Mr Lederman said ho was referring to recent cases. Th* chairman observed that as far as he kneie no cases were refused at the Bonerolenfc Asyljun. Mr -Gale said that the Asylum doctor *rvould have to be consulted before any .'cases were- admitted to - the institu tion. Mr Lederman said that in the latest ; instance the : doctor ■was no.t approached. He thought it was a monstrous thing that i such a state of affairs should be allowed. ; in our country as that a man being sent to gaol. Mr Oddie re marked that it was just as well'to recol— . locfc that tho Asylum did not exist to can vas for inmates, and mat it was not. formed for people of every country. The matter then dropped. - - The fortnightly meeting of the Austra lian Women's Association was held last evening. It was decided to forward a. letter of condolence to Mrs Grimrbd, a member of *tho board of -directors in Mel bourne, who had recently the misfortune* jto lose her husband. Account* amount ing to JJI 16s 6d were passed for payment, ! while tho treasurer reported that'tho ro | eeipts for the evening totalled «£4 163 2d«. The item on the syllabus was a shooting and nail-driving competition, which caus ed much amusement, the winnons being- Miss Eaisbock and Davis respect ively. A small grass fire broke out yesterday* in a paddock a hotel, r.tear the Western OvaL The alarm j \vnt> given to the City Brigade, who turn -1 ed out. but the fire had been subdued by | the time the firemen reached tho spot. | The damage done was but slight. • ! The Srawell train, due at tho Western. ! station last evening at a qi-.?.*rter to 7 ; o’clock, was 40 miuuros late jii renehiug ibs destination, owing to tho engine' at tached tin* Western district train> which left .here at 11.20 in tho morning* breaking down near Glenorchy, an biooking tho lino. • ... - , The officials at the-'; Western station have bo-u very busy during .the past few weeks in deipatching wheat trains which, have arrived from all parts of the dief trict. Yesterday no fewor 2O trains, left the local station, anti it is stared thab on an average 70,000 bushels of grain are handled each day. Most of the wheat is coming from the Woomelang ond Mil dura districts on route bo Geelong for shipment Tho well-known Robert Binder was ar rested again last night by Constable Dana, in Ballarat Bast, and as he ap p°ured to be in the incipient stage- of de- Hrium tremens, ho wn» conveyed to the- City watchhou«se, which contains a. pad ded cell. Binder, however, became too restive to be detained in the .watch houso, and the police called in Mr R. J^ 1 BP., who remanded him to the Gaol Hospital for medical treatment. Ho »vao admitted to the Gael last evening in a somewhat *renziod state, giving rent to nia reelings in loud cries on his admis sion Th e boy Walter Hurry, a ward of the &tate;, who gavo him.-cii op to Sergeant Daly on Sunday night, vesterdav re turned to huj guardians -sy£f°; ~ boy seemed to have become of,“ja 'vandennss, and was appa- Sad to ffet baulc to a comfortable. The employes of Harry Davies and Cos j ls y oi f g .through, their stock! fw g 6ad , ls being made on any lino that has a tendency to stick. Their in in ‘ S f to i.?- Ct u rl(i of ail summer goods each ' 6 [ « st uW>shment They are marking quick tu. 4 PnC6S tUat * State'mT A ' ich< > 11 a Ud Alla* , “, et t! , le o Pfumg of their summer safe and continued yesterday. The oricen quoted, with the variety shown afe S?' cept-ional oven for sale time. .Yarroweo Lodge. Xo. 10 TO will flr “ 93 ;7 and So “. the weh-knowa. mS oi*™ 1\> an * ,:<)anc6 tlklt their mer c.eannp is now in full swmg. 