AET EXHIBITION AT FEE- I MANTLE. j A GOOD COLLECTION. I Au exhibition of works of art was opened in the Fremantle Town Hall ou Thursday, May 4. Tho fixture was ar- ranged for the purpose of bringing to- gether tho artists m the district, and to encourage the study of .art in all its branches ny periodical exhibitions. Beady support was accorded, and an in- teresting; collection of local and loan pic- tures was on view. The works shown aro of undoubted merit, and the ex- hibition augure well for tho future scope of the proposed Fremantle Art Club. In the oil paintings the most no- ticeable are: No. 1.-"Harvest Field," by D. Carl- ton. No. 5.-"While tho Billy Boils," a picture of an old sundowner seated ou a fallen tn» beside a river waiting for the i billy to boil for tho midday cup of tea., A typical sunshine lightens up the Aus- tralian bugji scene. - ; No. 10-A charming evening sketch "On the River Murray"-by CT Charlton. No. 16.-"A Flower Study," by Miss A. Chidlow, very faithfully rendered. No. 30.- An Australian Evening Scene," where the road to a homestead crosses a shallow creek. In the fore fround a horseman is letting his horse rink. The artist, D. Carlton, has not succeeded so well with the figures as with the landscape. The drawing is stiff and suggestive of want of studj\ No. Sf.-A sympathetic "Study of Bib- ra Lake," by D. Carlton. No. 83.-A study of still life, by Miss Leliingston, shows advanced stu- dent work. No. 80.-"Bvening ou the Murray," by C. Charlton. A very pretty sketch of sunset 01 the river. No. 84.-"A Bush-fire Scene" (on large canvas), by D. Carlton. Th© picture shows a large fire sweeping towards a homestead, and figures of farm labour- ers and neighbours are hurrying to try and save tho home. No. 39 is a delicate study of ivy gera- niums by V. Brown. No. 67.-A tastily-decorated folding screen, by Miss Benham. The watercolours ar© all fairly well represented. Four seascapes, by Swinton Wtston, exhibit this artist's good treat- ment of water in various aspects. Mr. J. E. Millar has several clever studies of ships both old and modern, as well as sketches of the wrecked mail steamer Orizaba.' Mr. Stanway Tapp has two clever studies in black ana white. Miss Eda Wilson exhibits some pretty tinted photographs, showing tho improvement which a little colour gives to these works. An interesting, pieoe of caning by Mr. Alexander Doepel entitled "Music shows two fully-carved cupids support- ing and playing a violai, inlaid as a mirror, with horan and flute design sup- porting came. ¡The -workmanship and modelling are of a very high class. Mr. Anderson, of Fremantle, has lent some beautiful specimens of -wood-carvings of various kinds exhibiting very high skill end Artistic £nish. -.. . 