In and Around (Written for the "Town and Country Journal.") Few towns in New South Wales have experi- enced a more rapid rise than Temora, and, judging by what the district has already achiev- ed, there is every probability that, before many years, it will become one of the most important wheat-growing districts in southern New South Wales. Temora Engineering Company's Works. Mr. T. J. Reynolds. Mr. W. J. artwright. Only twenty-five years ago - in 1880 - Temora owed its birth to an alluvial gold rush, the population of the field at one time being 16,000 people. But now, mining (with the ex- ception of reefing on a comparatively small scale) has given way to the agricultural and Mrs. P. Meagher, (Mayoress). pastoral industries. Wyalong, and, in fact, the whole of the surrounding country, has just as happy a prospect ahead; but, although min- ing at Wyalong is in a more prosperous condi- tion than at Temora, the success which has al- ready attended wheat-growing is almost cer- tain to lead to a larger area being cropped. The Homestead, Temora Station. year by year. Dairying is also being given a trial at Temora, although at present not ex- tensively; but it is considered that the indus- try should thrive well; especially if worked in conjunction with wheat-growlng. THE TOWN. Temora is situated between the Trigalong and SOME OF THE LEADING RESIDENTS OF THE DISTRICT. Mr. W. De Little (Manager, Temora Station). Railway Station and Grain Sheds. Deep Creeks (the former being two miles to the west and the latter five miles to the north, 291 miles south of Sydney and 38 miles north west of Cootamundra. The town, as already stated, owes its existence to the discovery of gold in the district, and Temora is as a conse- quence, greatly indebted for its prosperity to the mining industry. The gold was discover- ed in March, 1880, and before the end of the year there were 10,000 people on the field, and later 15,000. Mr. F. Hickey, who still resides in Temora and is a member of the local muni- cipal council, was one of the first on the new field, he having travelled from Young (60 miles distant) in company with the late Mr. W. Sharp. Mr. Sharp was at that time a storekeeper at Young; and he opened the first hotel at Temora. Mr. Hickey took a prominent part in the pro- gress of the town during is evolution from a mere mining settlement, and he delights to re- late incidents of the rush. The first post office at Temora was opened in 1880, and the settle- ment was connected by telegraph during the same year. There appears to have been a Mr. John Trefle (Pioneer Farmer of Temora District). Mr. John Rainsford (Clerk of Petty Sessions). good deal of trouble in connection with the choice of a name for the town, one section wishing to bestow upon it the name Watsons- ford in honour of Mr. J. B. Watson, who at the time was Colonial Treasurer and representa- Mr. J. Robertson (Mimosa Station). Mr. S. Harrison. tive of Young (which electorate embraced the new gold field) in the Legislative Assembly. Mr. Hickey suggested the name Temora to Mr. Watson, and with this selection the latter ap- parently agreed, for on July 26, 1880, he wrote to Mr. Hickey as follows:- "I waited on the Post master-General and requested him to call the post-town there by the name it will be more The Homestead, Mimosa Station. generally known, viz., Temora, and he has con- sented." In the same year there was an agi- tation for the establishment of a lands office at Temora, and a memorial to the Government was prepared, it being, stated in the document that within a radius of eighteen miles of Temora there was an area of 360,000 acres of Crown lands. About that time the population of the town was 1200, and Mr. Hickey relates with pride that he conducted the first auction in the town - on August 18, 1880 - being the right to supply water from the tank at the upper town for the period of one month. Mr. H. Laker (Council Clerk). Tho town steadily progressed. A hospital was inaugurated, the establishment of a School of Arts was urged, and in 1882 trustees of a local recreation ground were appointed. The pioneer farmer of the Temora district is Mr. R. M'Crone. Mr. John Trefle, who is now 80 years of age Mr. Trefle, whose career has been of a most varied nature, was born at Montreal, Canada In 1825 After leaving school he was seized with the then popular craze of going West, go West in those days meant a good deal when the power and treachery of the Indian tribes of Western Canada are borne In and Around Temora. mind. He was one of the party which ac- companied the Governor of Canada and the re- presentative of the United States to mark the spots along the boundary between Canada and the States, for the erection of the forts which played an important part in dealing with the Red Indians afterwards. After an adventu- rous exploring experience in the wild North- west, he, with a party of some 500, set out for the Californian gold field in 1849. With 90 large waggons to carry provisions, baggage, etc, and 1100 head of loose stock, the caravan wended its way, via Salt Lake City, along the route now traversed by the Great Pacific Railway. The ascent of the Rocky Mountains was attended with in- numerable difficulties. As the teams became exhausted; the waggons were burned, and the ironwork carried on on pack mules, to be used in rebuilding the waggons in California. Only 15 waggons remained after the Rockies were crossed. After some 2 ½ years in California Mr. Trefle had to leave for the tropics, owing to a severe attack of rheumatic fever. Arriv- ing at Melbourne, he caught the Victorian gold fever, and went to Castlemaine. Near the latter place he was stuck up by three bush rangers, but would not surrender. In 1875 Mr. Trefle (who married and settled in the Hamil- ton district) left Victoria, and travelled over land, via Ballarat, Albury, and Wagga, to Cootamundra, where he arrived in November, 1875\. Early In 1876 he settled down five miles from the spot where the town of Temora after wards sprang up. At that time the nearest town was Cootamundra, 40 miles away. Mr. Trefle was the first selector in the parish of Trigalong, and the first to begin farming in the district. His first wheat crops were reap- ed with the sickle, threshed with a log roller, and carted to Cootamundra along a bush track, at a cost of more than 3s per bag. He introduced the first stripper to the district, which was such a curiosity to the boundary-riders and other inhabitants of the bush that they would follow it around the paddock for hours, watching the operation of stripping ripe grain. Needless to say, the later settlers met with easier conditions under which to start farming. Mrs. Trefle, who is only a few years her husband's junior, is a native of the Highlands of Scotland, and is still hale and hearty, in spite of the experiences she shar- ed in the early days with her husband. Temora was incorporated in 1891, the area of the borough being 5760 acres. The popu- lation of the town is now set down at between 1600 and 1700, while that of the district is at least 3000. The capital value of all ratable property in the borough is about, £128,300, and the unimproved capital value about £35,000. The present municipal council are Messrs. Peter Meagher (Mayor), A. D. Ness, K. Hickey, J. Thom. R. C. Hibbs, M. Lazarus, A. Colliss, C. J. Gelling, and C. B. Trefle, with Mr. H. Laker council clerk. The town is well laid out, the streets running at right angles, and the features of the country affording fair drainage. The main thorough- fare -Hoskins-street. - is well formed, and lined with substantial buildings, and is a credit to the town. One of the few things the town is deficient in is a good river. The absence of a watercourse renders the supply of an adequate quantity of water a great, difficulty. At present the town is mainly supplied from tanks, con- structed by the Government, around the town, and which yield a plentiful sunnly of water. Temora has had the benefit of railway com- munication since September 1, 1893, the line from Cootamundra - 38 miles in length - being opened for traffic on that date. This branch line has since been extended to Wyalong, and drains a large area of pastoral and agricultural coountry extending back towards the Lachlan Rver. A branch from Temora to Barellan will shortly be begun, and Temora folk are looking forward to the increased prosperity the line will give to their town and to the district generally. The portraits accompanying pictures of Temora are by the Faber Studio, Temora; the Block Studio, Johnstone, O'Shannessy, and Company, Yeoman and Company, T. Humphrey and Company, of Melbourne; and Creelman and Company, Swiss Studio, Newman, Crown Stu- dios, Eden Studios, and Lorne Studios, of Syd- ney. THE HOSPITAL. The Temora Hospital was inaugurated in 1880, soon after the town was established, the first office-bearers and committee being as follows: - President. Mr. Charles De Boos; vice-presidents, Messrs. G. G. Orbell and W. Seymour; hon. treasurer, Mr. Jas. Curtin; hon, secretary. Mr. H. Chandler; medical officer, Dr. Crawford; committee, Messrs. H. Boxhall, John Ryan, W. S. Whelan, E. Parker. J. Porter, and F. Hickey. Temora folk are far from satisfied with the meagre accommodation the existing hospital building provides, and efforts have been made, and are still being made, to induce the Govern- ment to provide a special grant to add a couple of new wards. At present there are four wards, male and female wards, a small surgical ward, and another ward, which serves as a con- valescent ward for both male and female patients when it can be spared for them, but sometimes it has to be used for cases under treatment. The old, rough weatherboard portion of the building, which serves as a female ward, has, the committee considers, been really unfit for patients for se- veral years. Dust blows through the cracks in the summer, and the cold wind in the winter. To make matters worse, the demand on the hos- pital has increased enormously of late years. For the twelve months ending December, 1904, 176 indoor, besides a large number of outdoor, patients were treated. For the first three months of the present, year, 70 indoor patients were treated, making a total of 216 indoor pa- tients for fifteen months. All this has taken place without any serious outbreak of typhoid or other epidemic, but the medical officer says that it would have been impossible to deal with the cases if there had been an outbreak of fever in the town or district. There can be no OFFICERS OF THE FARMERS AND SETTLERS' ASSOCIATION. Mr. John Donaldson, Jun., (Hon. Treasurer). Mr. J. L. Trefle, (President), Mr. E. M. Freer, (Hon., Secretary). doubt that the accommodation at the hospital is insufficient, and the committee's request for con- ditions to the building seems to be a reasonable one. The hospital is managed by an enthusiastic committee, consisting of Messrs. M. Lazarus (president), W. Potts (hon. treasurer), J. Down- ing (hon. secretary), T. Donnelly, C. Gelling, A. D. Ness, William Nixon, A. C. Wotton, J. Thom, J. A. Butler, T. C. Fitzpatrick, J. L. Trefle, R. E. Inglis, Peter Meagher, and John Harmon. The hospital staff consists of Matron Lewis, and Nurses Eldridge and Allen; and the medical staff of Drs. G. C. Harper, L. Robert- son, and Cockson. THE SCHOOL OF ARTS. Ths School of Arts has for twenty years past had a more or less chequered career, but it is now an active thriving institution. In 1880, a few of the residents of the town obtained a grant from the Government for the purpose of inaugurating a School of Arts in the town, Messrs. F. Hickey and Parker being promin- ent among those who assisted to give the in- stitution a start. For some time the insti- tution was closed, but a few years ago it was revived, and put on a firm footing, and from that time the School of Arts has continued to expand. The growth of the institution can be seen from the steady increase in the number of members. In 1902 the subscription fees amounted to £7, in 1903 to £20, in 1904, £44, and during the present year a similar amount. For some years the institution rented a small building in Hoskins-street, but when the new courthouse was erected, the Department of Justice handed over, in 1903, the old wooden courthouse, which has proved a valuable build- ing for the purpose of a School of Arts, hav- ing good committee rooms, reading-room, and library, as well as a main hall, which is a good source of revenue. The library is continu- ally being added to, and the reading-room is well stocked with magazines and newspapers. The present office-bearers and committeemen are: Messrs. W. Potts (president), H. Laker (vice-president and trustee), M. Lazarus (vice- president and trustee), A. D. Ness (trustee), E. J. Menlove (hon. treasurer), H. M. Taylor (hon. secretary), and Rev. Anson- Smith and Messrs. P. F. Meagher, E. J. Massey, C. J. Gelling. J. Harmon. R. Nixon, H. Hellner, J. A. Butler, and T. B. Donnelly. OTHER PUBLIC BUILDINGS, Taken all in all, the public buildings are very creditable structures. The post office is a par- ticularly handsome and capacious building, and is in charge of Mr. J. M. Foley, a veteran of the Postal Department. The old courthouse (now the School of Arts) was erected in 1879 at a cost of £3000, the building being conveyed in section by road from Cootamundra. The first police magistrate at Temora was Mr. Charles De Boos. The exist- ing courthouse is a roomy brick building, and was opened by Acting Judge Bevan on August 20, 1902. The general office is about 33ft by 18ft, and the court-room about 42ft by 24ft . Mr. Jus. Hyde Nesbitt, police magistrate at Coota- mundra, visits Temora twice a month. Mr. John Rainsford, the clerk of petty sessions, is an old officer of the Justice Department. He was probationary clerk in the Supreme Court in 1870 and 1871. Mr. Rainsford then left the Su- preme Ccurt, and was engaged in the common law branch of the firms of Russell and Holden and Holdsworth and Brown for some three years. He then entered the Department of Justice and Public Instruction in 1874; and was c.p., etc., at Milton for nearly five years. He then left for North Sydney as clerk of petty ses- sions, but owing to ill- health he preferred the country, and accepted the office of c.p. at Te- mora, where he has been stationed since Febru- ary 1, 1895. Mr. Rainsford is a native of Dub- lin, where he was born on May 22, 1852. His father, who died in 1871, was second clerk in the Supreme Court. Th¿ public school is another creditable build- ing, at which the average attendance is about 220\. Mr. W. D. Foley is the headmaster. Of course there are a large number of other fine buildings in the town, among them being the branches of the Union Bank, and Bank of nominations, a convent schocl, several stores, hotels, etc. FARMERS AND SETTLERS' ASSOCIATION. The Temora branch of the Farmers and Set- tlers' Association is a progressive body. The position occupied by the branch (one of the oldest in the State) is in a great measure due to the untiring efforts of the present president, Mr. J. L. Trefle. Mr. Trefle, a son of Mr. J. Trefle, the pioneer farmer of the Temora dis- trict, is the proprietor and editor of the "Te TEMORA MUNICIPAL COUNCIL. Mr. Peter Meagher (Mayor). Mr. A. D. Ness. Mr. A. Colliss. Mr. F. Hickey. Mr. C. B. Trefle. Mr. M. Lazarus. Mr. C. J. Gelling. Mr. R. O. Dibbs. Mr. J. Thom. mora Independent," and took a prominent part in the building up of the Farmers and Settlers' Association, being a member of the first exe- cutive and honorary secretary from 1893 (after the amalgamation of the various unions at Cootamundra, where the rules were drawn up) till 1898. On his retirement from that posi- tion, Mr. Trefle was again elected a member of the executive, and still holds that post. He or- ganised the deputation which secured the intro- duction into New South Wales of the principle of the revaluation of lands after selection, and was a member of the deputation which secured from Mr. Reid (then Premier) the promise to establish the Advances to Settlers' Board. Mr. Trefle has taken a prominent, part, in the move- ment for the abolition of the payment of in- terest on unpaid c.p. instalments. He is a member of the local land boards of Coota- mundra and Temora, and during his farming experience became a champion ploughman, hav- ing an unbeaten record with the treble-furrow, and suffering defeat only once (by his brother) with the double-furrow plough. After attend- ing the Local Government Convention, convened by Mr. B. R. Wise, Mr. Trefle was selected to contest the Upper Hunter in the interests of the Waddell Government. He polled well, but the task of defeating the siitting member was a forlorn hope, which old and experienced poli- ticians would not undertake. Mr. Trefle was chairman of the Shires portion of the most recent Local Government Convention. ROUND THE DISTRICT. A special article on the Temora district, and dealing specially with the wheat-growing in- dustry, will appear in a subsequent issue. MINING. Compared with the gold yield twenty years ago the production in the Temora district is now in- significant, and mining has to a very large extent given way to agriculture. In 1881 the yield of gold from Temora was 29,652oz, and in the fol- lowing year it was 33,348oz. Then the decline of the district as a gold-producing one began, and in 1887 the yield was only 3406oz; in 1896 it was4066oz; while last year the yield was only 573oz, valued at £2283. At present it is estimated that about 40 or 50 miners are doing fairly well in the district, the work being mostly reefing, although there is a certain amount of fossicking being carried on. On the Temora alluvial lead little or no pro- specting has been done for years, all the old claims having been considered worked out, and were, therefore, abandoned. The last prospect- ing of importance on this lead was by A. L. Deutscher and party, who sunk a shaft to a depth of 260ft, but were unable to bottom, owing to inability to cope with the water. Several patches of gold-bearing wash were met with in the sinking, but other parties who have tried the lead lower down did not meet with success. At Upper Temora a great deal of work has been done, and some of the best specimens ever ob- tained in New South Wales are re- ported to have come from the Mo- ther Shipton claim. One specimen from this claim was sold to the Government for £2800, and after being exhibited in London and Chicago, was presented to the late Queen Vic- toria. The South Australian mine is supposed to have been profitably worked for some years and a good deal of reef prospecting was done from time to time in what is generally known as Deutscher's paddock, with variable results. A new mine, called Dunn's Mine, was found some months ago, and is now being prospected by a syndicate, which is reported to be obtain- ing satisfactory results. The country rock at Temora is diorite. There is a large reef run- ning all along the eastern side of the alluvial load, besides numerous others running in dif- ferent directions at the head of the lead. At Springdale and Scrubyards, near Temora there are also alluvial leads, but, they have not been worked to any great extent for some years past. Several reefs at Scrubyards are said to be giving good results, among them being the Emu Reef (Pitt and party) , which, has been working 20 years, Housler's claim and Wallis and Hastle's property. Then, again at Sebastopol, ten miles south of Temora, more good reefing country. The Morning Star Mine, now being worked by King and party, is understood to be giving satisfactory returns. Mr. J. H. Nisbett (police magistrate) is also warden at Temora, Mr. A. C. Oldrini being the warden's clerk. Mr. Oldrini, who is a son the late Rev. T. J. Oldrini, Vicar of Beeston, near Nottingham, England, first went to the Temora district in 1878, with some of the first cattle taken into the district. MESSRS. JOHN MEAGHER AND COMPAN LIMITED. Messrs. John Meagher and Company, Limited, general merchants and storekeepers, a view of whose premises is included among the illustra- tions, have carried on business at Temora for the past 24 years. The firm also has business at Bathurst and West Wyalong, and buying offices in Sydney and London, supplies being drawn direct front all parts of the world. The firm, which was recently formed into a limited company (all the shares being held by the family), is an old-established one, the parent Bathurst business having been in existence for 40 years. The Temora premises -a prominent feature of the main street - are really three- storey, as the basement floor extends under- neath throughout the whole building. The premises are well stocked, and the firm claims that it carries one of the largest stocks of general merchandise outside the metropolis. Messrs. Meagher and Company, Limited, re- cently purchased the business of Messrs. Mor- ris and Company, of Barmedman, which town lies between Temora and Wyalong. The Te- mora branch is in charge of Mr. Peter Meagher (one of the directors of the company), who takes a prominent part in everything affect- ing the welfare of the town. Mr. Meagher is at present Mayor of Temora. JAMES THOM, GENERAL STOKBKEEPER Mr. James Thom, whose store is another pro- minent feature of the main street -- Hoskins- street - of Temora, began business in the town in the middle of 1891 about 14 years ago. Rent- ing premises, and beginning with a new stock. Mr. Thom speedily increased his business, and then erected the spacious brick store shown in the illustration. Mr. Thom stocks all lines of general merchandise, and carries one of the largest stocks along the southern line. He also imports largely. Mr. Thom, who has a branch store at Wyalong, is the local agent for Kortz wool presses, Fred Metters Co.'s (Adelaide) stoves, Mr. Lee's baking powder, London and Lan- cashire Fire Insurance, Princess cream separa- tor, and also for P. and B. Ruboroid roofing. Mr. Thom has the welfare of the town at heart, he, has been a member of the local municipal council for four and a half years (three years of' which he was Mayor), and is a life member of the Temora Hospital, of which he has been a committeeman ever since he started business in the town. IMPERIAL ROLLER FLOUR MILLS. As far as equipment and extent of business are concerned, Messrs. Knowlman and Ness' Imperial Roller Flour Mill is one of the most important in the southern portion of the State. The mill was established ten years ago, and has been in the hands of the present owners for the last five years. Messrs. Knowlman and Ness have a very large district. The Imperial Flour M¡ll is fitted with a complete and up-to-date ..berson plant, which has been running night and day for some time past, and there is work present ahead to keep the miil working for four months. The product of the mill, the ..ow Queen brand of flour, is well known throughout the State, and particularly in the southern portion. The wheat grown in the Temora district being equal, if not superior, to any grown in the State, the flour made at the mill is equal to any manufactured in southern New South Wales. Mr. A. D. Ness is the managing proprietor of the mill, at which provision has already been made for the in- rease in production which is certain to take place. So sure is the firm of this that the plant at the mill will be further increased at the end of the present season. Messrs. Knowl- man and Ness are large buyers of wheat, and they always have a large stock on hand. TEMORA ENGINEERING COMPANY, This company has a very complete and up-to- date foundry and engineering establishment close to the Temora railway station. The build- ing as the illustration shows, is a very strong and neat structure, and the workshop contains all the heavy machines and tools of the trade, including punches, lathes, steam hammer, etc. The moulding department is well fitted, and is well stocked with all kinds of patterns for moulding parts of mining and agricultural ma- chinery. The principals of the frm are Messrs. D. B. Frisken and C. B. Trefle, the later being the managing partner. Mr. Friskin obtained a thorough knowledge of the engineering and pat- tern making trades in Scotland, and in addition he has had considerable experience in Australia, including the timber mills on the coast, and in the mining industry. He still has mining in- terests at Wyalong. Mr. C. B. Trefle, the man- aging partner, is of Scottish and French-Cana- dian extraction, and was born at Hamilton, Victoria. He settled in the Temora district, with his parents 29 years ago, and in following farm life became very skilled in the use of agricultural implements and machinory. Mr. Trefle is an export ploughman, and has ploughed at all the large matches at Cootamun- dra and Temora, winning every prize he com- peted for. At the last big match at Coota- mundra (when £125 was given in prizes), Mr. Trefle, won the championship open to all com- ers, and on the same day the first prize in the farm plough class. Mr. Trefle has a natural aptitude for engineerlng work, which he regards as his hobby, as well as his profession. He makes a careful study of American methods, and his practical experience enables him to build implements most suited to the district. The firm turns out a creditable spring steel stump-Jump plough, and also a bushfire-spray- ing machine. W. NIXON'S STATIONER'S HALL. Mr. William Nixon began business In Temora in 1885, and the premises now occupied were built for him six years ago. The build- ing is a handsome one, and is situated in the principal business block in the town, six hands being employed in the shop. The principal de- partments of Mr. Nixon's establishment are stationery, books, tobacconists' goods, fancy goods, sporting goods, bicycles, and general newsagency. Mr. Nixon is the sole local agent for nearly all the Sydney and Melbourne daily and weekly news papers, iIncluding the "Town and Country Journal" and "Evening News." Mr. Nixon also holds a large number of other agencies, being the local agent for the National and Royal In- surance Companies, the A.M.P. Life Assurance Society, and also for Paling's pianos and organs. He is also a prominent townsman, and is at present n member of the committee of the local hospital, of which he was honorary secretary for sixteen years - -from 1883-1899. Messrs. J. Meagher and Company, Limited, General Storekeepers. 