NEWS, NOTES, COMMENTS. Bu?fe£res are already making their appear ance In ;fce vicinity of Dangog-' The death is announced at East Melbourne cf Mr. Charles Campbell, a very old colonist, who for many years has held large station interests. A London cable of the loth icsL savs that the shipment ol New Zealand chilled beef brought by the Tokomaru was mouldy, and has been condemned. A wood-chopping competition was held at i Xowra on Friday and was won by H. Good sell U5s.j, J. Armitage (20s), was second, and S. Pepper - ti*s j . third. The Government of South Australia on Mon day purchased at auction the Petherton es tate of 5800 acres at £3 12s per acre for closer settlement purposes. Over 200 ions of sugar cane was destroyed by fire at Doloug, near Nambour (Q-), on Wednesday. Scrub adjoining tbe paddock was being burnt, when the cane took fire. A bush fire raged on Friday on the Armi dale-road, about eix miles from Grafton. Mr. C. Wilton, farmer, lost his homestead and all its contents, besides a quantity of fencing. The inquest held at Wagga on Wednesdav on the bod j* of Mr, Praser Buchanan, gra zier, showed that there were no marks of violence on the body. _ The deceased was a single man. A cable of 13th inst states that excellent rains have fallen in Eajputana and in other parts of the drought-stricken districts of India. The downpour makes autumn sow ing possible. Mr. W. T. Job, of the Molong district, pur- : chased last week Mr. James Grimmett's Kadina property of 4009 acres, near Peak Hill, also a special lease. The price paid for Kadina was 2$s per acre. Mr. S. Kidman began his annual sale of horses at Kapunda (S.A.) on Monday, when 210 head sold at an average of £15 14s 3d. Tbe sale will extend over a week, as 1150 animals have to be disposed of. j Bush fires are raging all around Murwillum- i bah, and much cane has already been des- ] iroved. Farmers have had some desperate fighting with the flames to save their home- \ steads. The whole of the mountains were j ablaze on Monday. ( Mr. Thomas Weir, farmer, of Kangaroo Mount, -near Nowra, met with a serious ac-ci- i dent through his horse swerving whilst being ; ridden across the Nowra Bridge. Mr. Weir's head struck a portion of the ironwork, caus ing concussion of the braiu. Information was received at Dunedln (N.Z.) last week that the chilled beef sent to London by the Tokemaru, as an experimental con signment from the Burnside Freezing Works, j had been landed in an unsatisfactory condi- i lion, and had been condemned, | During the past week large bush fires have ' been raging in the vicinity of the North ' Rocks, in the Parramatia district. Owing to the ? dry nature of the country, tb~ fire spread rapidly, and ' covered a large area. a goua utat ot leuciag tias neen destroyed, but beyond that no serious damage has been reported. Mr. John Mahon, principal of the Gatton -Q.) Agricultural College, before leaving Me '.bourne after the Royal Show th«re, pur chased tbe second prize-winner — a twoyear old draught colt, Prince of Pine Grove, by Federation, bred by Mr. M'Donald~for 220 guineas, for the Gatton College farm; also two valuable Holstein bulls -from Mr: David Mitchell's herd. Public meetings of pastoralists and others interested iu the Murrumbidgee Northern Ir rigation Scheme were held at Hay and Carra tbool on Saturday. A resolution favouring the proposed scheme, and urging Mr. Scobie, member for the district' to 'bring it before J'arliament at the earliest opportunity, was passed ai both meetings. A meeting of representatives of all branches of labour, held at Christcburch tN.Z.i, last week declared war against the Harvester Trust, and decided to ask Parliaoeut to adopt measures to effectually check the already large and ever-increasing importations. The meet ing also appealed for support to* the whole organised labour of the colony. The Wairarapa Farmers Co-operative As sociation -X.Z.) has had a successful year. It has just paid its shareholders a dividend of 6 per cent, on tbe paid-up capital, a fur ther 3 per cent, bonus on same, a 3 per cent, bonus on shareholders' purchases, and a bonus to employees on their salaries of 3 per cent. The association also carries for ward £7000 to tbe profit and loss account. Mr. W. M'Lean, Government Staiist of Vic toria, 'has' prepared an 'estimatte showing th« 1 total value of produce for the year X$04 In that State. The total was £31,652,033, made up as follows:— Pastoral and dairying, £10,494,308; cultivation and orchards, £6,216,213; timber and bark, £610,576; mis cellaneous, '£1,725,571; manufactured pro ducts, £9,155,238; mining, £3,420,136. Recently. a flock =of travelling sheep camped . near Cargo one evening. On the following morning 17. of them were found dead. It is . surmised that a poisonous weed killed them, although this is the first time that stock of any kind have, died in that district from that cause. The sheep belonged to Messrs. Heb den Brothers, of Errowanbang station, near Carcoar. ( At the meeting of the Gundagai P.P. Board it was decided to co-operate with the Cobar board in having travelling statements fur nished in duplicate. The inspector remarked that it was a good safeguard against 'crook' cattle trafficking. A suggestion from Denili quin board to make compulsory the destruc tion of noxious weeds by landholders met with warm support. The Premier has received an offer from a gentleman to i urchase an estate in a good rainfall area suitable for closer settlement for the purpose of settling 30 families there on. He proposes to select 30 families from the emigrants General Booih contemplates sending to New South Wales, and to give each family a block of 250 acres at cost price, the repayments to extend over 15 to 20 years. The Premier is considering the offer. On Wednesday Messrs. W. Duff and A. J. Grace were elected as trustees of the Florida bore trust for the ensuing three years 't a meeting held at Wee Waa of members of the trust. This is the first election of the kind held under the new Act. The trust controls an area of 20 square miles — 12, SCO acres. The artesian bore has a flow of 2,000,000 gallons per day: and this is con sidered ample for the 20 holdings situated in the area. On Thursday a fire amongst the sugarcane at Daranbah Ridge, near Murwillumbah, did much damage. Mr. Ebbsworth, surveyor, is in the district engaged in laying out 20 or more farms at Boon Doco, and afterwards he will go south and lay out 70 or SO other farms on The Nob, Gooninbar, and towards Perch Creek. As soon as surveyed the land will be thrown open. The Government is asked to form a road through the land before it is thrown open. The Minister for Agriculture of Victoria is taking steps to recover the balances due on advances made under the Seed Advance Act of 1903. Total advances were £93,127, and the amount repaid to date is £65,869, leaving a balance outstanding of £27 258. Interest on payments amounting to £4S10 has also been j-eceived. In view of the immense amount of good done by these advances, the Minister deems the present position of affairs satis factory, but he has reason to believe that in . many instances failure to repay arises more from unwillingnes than from inability. The Minister for Agriculture, Mr. Swin burne, who is taking an active part in the movement to secure an improvement in the breed of horses, is favourably impressed by the suggestion made* by Mr. Kendall, veteri nary surgeon, that it would be a good thing to breed mules. Although Australians have never ye', appreciated tbe good qualities of the mule, there .is, he is assured, a good mar ket for su:h stock in other parts of the world. In South Africa the experience of tbe animals at the time of the war was so favourable that they are now beinT bred in those colonies. Our London correspondent wrote on August 11:— The first cargo of frozen pork arrived this week by the steamer Mongolia. Mr. Cogh lan sent an officer to inspect it, and the meat was found io b«*, in excell^M condition and of good quality. It is to be sold at Smithfield. The arrival of the meat, it is. recognised here, however, might have been better timed. The British publis is not fond of pork iu ihe hot weather, and the pork season does not, as a matter of fact, begin until September. In -other respects the re sults of the experiment will be well worth noting. At tbe fifteenth annual meeting of the South Australian Pastoralists' Association, held in Adelaide on Wednesday, the retiring president, Mr. M. S. Hawker, in speaking of the Arbitra tion Act, said it affected all pastoralists, and it was imperative that all associations should fully recognise the necessity of carefully watching future developments in order to pro tect the interests of their members. It was a cause of gratification that the past year had been, practically, free from any industrial disputes. The Hon. J. J. Duncan, M.L.C., was elected president, and Mr. T. E. Barr-Smith vice-president of the association. Combination among farmers for the insur ance of cattle is a- noteworthy feature of ag ricultural economy in Belgium, says the 'Live Stock Journal.' In 1901 there were 729 mutual insurance societies numbering 67,0(19 members, who owned 198,000 cattle among them. That therie are real advan tages in belonging to. such societies would ap pear from the rapidity with which they in crease when the nature of their operations is understood. lii the province ' of Luxembourg at the beginning of 1500 there was not one cattle insurance society; by the end of 1901 there were 33. During 1901 no fewer than 37 mutual, societies for the insurance , of horses and, seven for the insurance of . goats. The operations of all these livestock insurance societies are safeguarded by federations lor reinsurance. Elder, Smith and Co., held their annual ram sale at Adelaide on Wednesday. The yardings consisted of merinos and Shrop sLires. Bidding was scarcely as animated as on former occasions, though a fewspec ially fancied rams excited keen competition. Top prices ranged from 25 to 56 guineas. The principal averages obtained were : — Merinos, Alick Murray, rams, £31 19s; John Murray, Rhine Park, 7 rams, £24 12s; John Murray, Capeedee, 6 rams, £30 Ss; Tom Murray, Mt. Beevor, 6 rams, £13 lGs 6d; Murray, Dawson, Wirrawarra, 10 rams, £9 15s 3d; Duffield's Estates. Koonoona, 4 rams, 10 guineas; W, G.. Wills, Native Valley, 8 rams, £7 lis; E. C. and J. L'. Stirling, Nalpa, 6 rams, £4 12s 9d; estate late A. Hay, Harro gate, 4 rams, £4 lis lOd. Shropshires— 'G. A. M&idment;, 2 rams, £6 lis 3d; George Saur \- bier, -8 -rains, £5 .6d ; -R-khard. Smith,- -13 rams, £i 15s 6d; J, J. Duncan, 13 rams. £4 6s 9d. * 