lATCHES AND BUSH-FIRES. To the Editor. Sir,--As a daily reader of your valu able paper, I have perused with sorrow the account of the destructive bush fire at Goodside lately, and the suffering and adversity brought by it to so many homes in the York district, crops, feed, fences, and in some cases valuable ma chinery, all gone before the devouring element. It is a trite old English saying that fire and water are good servants but bad masters. Knowing the locality well, I have great sympathy towards the sufferers some of whom I have known personal y for some years. I walked through the Daliak paddocks twice weekly to my work and back to my home in York. Though 50 years resident in the Avon Valley I never skw such a heavy, amount of silver-gran as in the above. ,Having for years een a cnim mercial traveller, and travelled from Mourambine in the south to Berkshire Valley in the north, although my busi ness was mostl7 in the York Northam, and Toodyay districts, I ought 'to know something about silver-grass and bush fires. My first recollection of matches is about 72 years ago. They were thin pieces of deal about 7 inches long, point ed, and dclipped at each end in brim stone. After. this the lucifer match came into use. These were in square boxes, each having a piece of sandpaper,, which you doubled up, placed the match between, and drew it out to ignite it. I remember seeing in, a large shop some of these lucifers for sale, with this adver tisement: "Oh, Lucifer, how art thou fallen! Only 3d. per box." The next match was called after the inventor, Congreve. These were in round wooden boxes, and ignited on the box. The next were a great improvement, made by va rious firms, notably by Bell and Black; but no safeties yet. Those, before I left home, in '52, you could buy for 24d. per dozen. There were also wax vestas and fusees for lighting pipes or cigars. Many years ago the late Sir J. Lee Steere pro posed in Parliament a wise and sen sible motion, prohibiting the im portation of all dangerous mat ches. He would allow only safeties. The matches in common use then were a good sort, yet were as dange) is as the present wax ones, which have driven them out of Western Australia, and were known as "Tandstickors." I sold a great quantity of them when I was hawking.' Many fires have been caused through the unsafe article, houses burnt by children playing with them, the bush set alight often by the carelessness of smokers. What about the late fires in Fremantle? It behoves all warehouse men, farmers, and employers, wht re there is danger in using vestas, to insist on those they employ using no other than safeties, and to smoke noth; ig .nt pipes with covers. A friend, a farmer now dead, was sitting near his door o n' hot day. A fowl ran across a little way, and a little dry grass lit up; this was caused by the fowl treading on a match. Another case in point. About 16 years ago I was sent by my employer to load up wool for Perth. and reload with plant and machinery, a silk drgsser for the mill of Parker Bros., York. Mr. W. Parker brought the 11 pressed bales out of the mill on hand-trucks. I was twitching the load with a Spanish windlass. A man came in a hurry and told Mr Par ker that a fire had broken out near the haystack which was beinir built. The waggons were in the fiela loading-up. No doubt this was caused by the fowls scratching a match near the stack. One of the teamsters. an inveterate smoker, got blamed for it. The fire was speed ily put out, just in time. I hope mem hers of both Houses will, during the re cess, agree to legislate for the suppres sion of wax vestas: if not. by prohibit ing their importation by placing a very heavy tax that may lessen the danger. This is a national evil, and it requires drastic measures to deal with it. I hone, when Parliament meets again, a Bill will be brought in to deal with this suggestion. It needs no Royal Commis sion, but commends itself to all mem br.rs who have the welfare of Wcster Australia at heart. So much for matches. Now for bush fires. I have been to many bush fires in the three districts I have named. The most destructive fire is generally wn?me there is a hot north-easterly 'vind 1.I ow ing, similar to that at the recent flr' s. I recall two of those. One Jay, ,-w s ago, I was at Egoline, Mr. James Wil kerson's homestead. A high, hot wind was blowing, and a fire was ragiig ovwl the hills. He sent one of his sons, a loy then, on horseback to see where it was. It was supposed to have begun near Lawnswood. It cleared all before it, swept through Mokine, Spencer's Brook, down to the Avon. This led to law suits between Leeder Bros.. who had for years rented Mokine, and the late T. Wilding, the results of which I cannob remember. The next sweeping fire I remember was distinguished by the same hot wind. I had a load of vegetables for York, and had come from Newcastle. I camped tfo the night eight miles from Northam, at Carroll's. where there was plenty of wa ter for my horse and myself. It was an oppressive, hot night. There was a fire a few miles from the road. I started before daylight. As day advanced, the wind rose with terrific force. That day the heat was 113deg. in the shade at York. When I returned, the fire had ignited the bark of some of the gum trees, which was carried over the wide road by the wind, bearing destruction 'along its route through the Wilberforce Estate. One poor man, the late C. Hicks, was a heavy loser. The last and greatest roasting I ever got was on the G.S.R., in a paddock at Stodk-hill. There was but three of us. The country was bearv ily grassed, and had plenty of dead wat ties, many of which were fiat down. It was lucky the wind was not high, but it kept lighling afresh. We were two hours belting as hard as we could before it was subdued. This came from the railway. On account of the formation of the locality, the fire could not be seen from the homestead, and one of us could not be spared to go for help. I hope, another time, to let you know about a fire caused by a locomotive, also of a spark-arrester I have seen used on a locomotive in England. which, I think. would meet the objection now raised against Collie coal. an industry which ourht to be encouraged by ail nieans, giving, as it does, employment to many at the pits and on the railways, whose earnings are spent in the State. I thought, Sir. I had said enough al ready about matches. but, in looking over your paper last night. I saw Super intendent Lapsley's account of the new theatre, and read about a number of ac tresses in inflammable dresses using vestas and smoking cigarettes. and also readof the smouldering hat-box that had been used for the red lieht. Think of the loss of life by fire in the Iroquois Theatre not long ago. 'Supposing a fire had taken place on the opening fight, when the place was crowded: there would have been a rush and a panic, the wea&est; would have gone down, and lives lost, most likely. I think the lessee ought to have cautioned his troupe against the use of vestas in the theatre. Mr. Lausley is to he commended for his ir'ilance. Mr. Molloy deserve the best wishes of the nublic for his pluck and en ternrise in building so costly and stately a place of amusenment.-Yours; etc.. Jth.H. Northa?n, January 6. 