CAUGHT IN THE BREEZE. A bushfires relief movement is in progress in Rush worth district. Waranga Shire Council agrees to join in the crusade against the unfortunate Btarling. Selt-help is the only remedy which h»s not been suggested for thinning down the starlings. The weights and measures laws of the different states are to be discussed at the Hobart conference. The residents of Violet T-JWU are agitating to have the street draiiiK flushed -dnily during the summer months in place of only twice a week. A Mirboo North hotel was recently taken posses ion of by a cow, and the b?r was quickly cleared of customers. A birth of a male child was registered at Geelong on Friday, and its christian named were recorded as Port Arthur Nogi Stoessel. At the Warang.% outlet works work has been suspende 1 from noon, owing to the intense In a*, and has be«u continued from 4 till 8 p.m. During the first week of January 21 deaths were recorded, being the highest rate for the corresponding period for the last ten years at 3eelong. The Rev. R. H. Crook, Methodist Church, Shepparton, has been, much to the regret of liis parishioners, CO/DpeJled to retire from active work in tho ministry owing to ill-health. It is a popular delusion that fish cannot live out of water. As a matter of fact, there -ire fish in Africa which, having to exist in absolutely dry rivers for a portion of every year, have developed lungs. The Rtd Sea is for the most part blue. It gets ite name from those small portions of it covercd by minute animalculae which make the surface of the water appear red. A commercial traveller named Martin Tweedie alleges that ho left a parcel containing 100 80vs. in an outhouse at Ararat railway station. Search was made for the parcel, but it could not be found. The daily papers continue to be filled with terrible stories of bush fires. We are fortunate hereabouts, but that should not cause farmers and others to relax care and vigilance for a moment. Mr S. Williamson Wallace has retired from the position of Director of Agriculture in this State. His term of three years expires at the end of the month, and he does not intend to ask for a renewal—at least not at present. He is going to England on private business, and may be aw-»y for a long time. A stump orator iu the West uses the following appropriate Ian* guage: " If I'm elected to this office, I will represent my constituents as the soa represents the earth, or the night contrasts with the day. I will unrivit humiu society, clean all its parts, and screw it together again. I will correct all abuses, purge out all corruption, aud go through the enemies like a rat through a new cheese. My chief recommendations are that at a dinner given to I ate more than any two men at the table ; at the late election I pat in three votes for the party ; I've just bought a new suit of clothes that will do to wear to Congress; and I've got the handsomest sister in Kentuck." An employe of Mr John B. Dockett, cf Myrrhee Station, Wangaratta, caught a codfish, weighing 521b., in a peculiar manner on Wednesday. He went to the King River for a drink of water, and seeing the fish lying near a log he made a sudderf, lucky grasp, and managed to seiza it at the back of the gills. A lively struggle ensued, but the man succeeded in holding the fish, and eventually it was placed on the scales at the homestead. A Bhort time since the Tungamah Shire Council procured a quantity of rainbow trout, and the young fish were liberated in the Boosey Creek. Recently it has be^n reported that! a number of the young fish have been hooked by persons fishing on the.crcek, and the council has decided t«i make application for an Order in Council prohibiting fishiug in the Boosey Creek within a defined area in which the fi-sh were liberated, such injunction to have effect for a period of two years. In connection with the special meeting of the No: th-Eastern Weights and Meaj sures Uunion to be held on Wednesday^ 26th inst.. for the purpose of dealing with a complaint from Shepparton shire that tho inspector acts as agent or traveller for a private firm, the Euroa "Advertiser" understands from Mr Hall that he does S'> act, as he considers his connection with tbe union does not debar him from supplementing his income as long as it does not conflict with his duties as inspector. In December the Federal Commissioner of Patents received a very large number of applications for patent rights from Australian inventors. A Tasmaniaq "gentleman" wants to obtain rights for " improvements in grid-irons and frying pans" ; a " banker's clerk" in Sydney has discovered a " portable electro rabbit exterminator" ; a Victorian civil servant has devised "an improved process for preserving eggs" ; while a country civil ser. vaut and solicitor have, in conjunction, designed "a machine for the purpose of mechanically adding up figures." Preaching at the memorial service of the late Alderman Brightmore, chairman of tho Doncaster Race Committee, the Bishop of Sheffield said, in addressing the charity apprentices, Mr Brightmore told them : "Don't bet on horse-racing, because you are bound to lose money by it. The Bishop wished these words might go forth written in gold, not as tha preacher' s moral, but as the maxim of the chairman of the Rice Committee, who was a man of strenuons life, and whom they would sadly miss. Messrs Muntz Bros, and Heigh way wil offer Messrs O'Neill Bros'560 acres, "The Grove," Yielima, to-morrow (Saturday^. It is reckoned that the land is very valuable and will bring a record price. Whenever yoa see a man walking along the street clenching and unclenching bis fists, grinding his teeth and drawing back his shoulder?, don't run away with the id*a that he is thirsting for some one's b!o l »d, or is an escaped lunatic He is merely indulging in a little physical culture in his spare moments between drinks or is in training for the Nnmurkah Park Sports on the 25th inst. Sol Green advertises long price cat •o jbles in the Newmnrket Handicap and V nstralian Cup. See his advt. The Tungamah shire council has decided to p*v 2s G1 each for fox skins to which must be connected both brush and w»!p. The skins must be thoroughly dried and in a mirkeUWc conditiou. The Rev. H. C. Farley, who is about to be transferred to South Australia by the Methodist Conference, has been granted leave of absence from 1st March. The Rev. W H. Scurr has been ongsged to supply the vacancy. Instead of from the north to the south, starving stock are now being shifted from the south to the north. By a special train lvrt week starving sheep were consigned to Wychejiroof from the Winchlesea district. They were in a very weak condition. In defence to a charge of selling mi k wholly devoid of fat, a Norwich ciwkeeper said that his cows had been suing cabbages. H - was fined 5s. PLACE or SALK -Attention Is directed to the advertised announnemmit of tho plaoe whera the land and cl«a>ing ol Mr Gwrga Stictel. will take place on Tb««d»y, 3fi:lj ia«i. 