The announcement in our last issue that the Government intended to assist necessitous shires out of the annual revenue derivable from the unused roads and river frontages, seems unjust and unreasonable, to those shires which taxed over Is in the £1. Take the Narracan shire, for instance. We are taxed Is 4d in the £1, with the result that when we seek monetary assistance from the Government for works of a public character we are called upon to subscribe £ for £. There are several large holders of river frontages in this shire who will have to pay large sums under the new Act, and naturally they think it unreasonable and unjust that such rea h venue should go outside the district, it may appear selfish on our part to assist, what ate termed " necessitous shires," but as it appears as though the one goal we are fighting for is " self," we consider the ratepayers of this shire are within their rights in protesting again the distribution of the above funds, as proposed by the Government. Mr. Bent—when visiting this district some few months ago— distinctly stated to o&r; shire secretary that the .above revenue would (plus Now that the of any^BerTire TO <wra C a will take distort, we oope to^ abroad! steps at the i 'ublic Works with the 4rith the least possible delay- also die other two bnd^-se^g^epml-- ment in which the residents on north side of Moe will be placed as eoon as the rainy weather sets in. The council should endeavour to induce the Government to grant £ for £ m order to have the work earned out. With the amount the shire will be entitled to under the Unused Road and River Frontages' Act. and with the above assistance—if it can be obtained we would suggest that the matter. be considered at next council meeting. During the • great rush on the Frankston railway station, as the picnickers were returning on Saturday night, 11th inBt., Mr. D. Currie, of Warragul, had the misfortune to be robbed <of a costly gold chain and two silver watches attached. It is said that the crowd at Frankston included many well-known metropolitan vagabonds. John Brown, of Moondarra, who was senteneed by the Moe Bench on the 2nd inetant," to six months' imprisonin Melbourne gaol, for the assault upon Miss Silena Brock, of Tanjil South, presented himself before Mr. Creswell, P.M., at the " Court-house, Moe, on Wednesday last, for the purpose of surrendering his baiL The P.M. stated that the power of acceding to Brown's request was outside the jurisdiction of the local court. Application would have to be made to the higher court. Brown will, therefore, enjoy MB liberty until the 14th March, when the Supreme * ourt meets at Sale. Our readers are aware of the fact that Brown gave notice of appeal against the Bench's finding, and was liberated on bail, pending the result of the appeal. A court for tbe revision of the general and ratepayers' lists for the Narracan division of the electoral district of Waihalla, was held at the Court-house, Moe, on Wednesday last, when 10 names were struck off the former and 41 the latter list These names appear on other lists. SETTEREBS from sciatica should not hesitate to use Chamberlain's Pain Balm. The prompt relief from pain which it affords is alone worth many tunes its coat. For sale by A_ J. Mackenzie and Co., Moe, Filmer and Whit, bread, Trafalgar, and F. Dickinson, Thorpdale, Through the want of forethought on the part of a visitor to the Sale hospital, a few days since, Willie Ellis nearly lost his life. He partook of an orange, which has thrown him back in his illness, and may have proved fatal had not the medical officers of the institution taken prompt measures to counteract the effects of the fruit. Mr. Charles Walker lost about an acre crop of potatoes through a neighbor's cattle gaining access to his block on the Moe Swamp. The loss of Buch a natch of tubers at the present market value is pretty hard luck for a struggling farmer. The owner of the trespassing cattle is. like " Charley," not a millionaire, but he has in some way compensated his neighbor for his IOSB, and in the true spirit of the old adage, " A fellow feeling makes us wondrous kind," the matter has been amicably settled between both parties We believe it is a foregone conclusion that we are to have the promised Easter Sports' Carnival at Moe. A meeting for that purpose will be held on Friday at the Coffee Palace, for the purpose of preparing a programme, which is promised to be of a most varied character, while the prizes will be on a liberal scale. Mr. Bartley (hon. sec. of the Moe Sports' Committee) inspected the recreation ground during the past week, and he informs us that a good track can be prepared at a nominal outlay — with tbe assistance of a few willing hands— while the surroundings of the spot are admirably adapted for all purposes in relation to sports and a picnic ground. Pedestrians crossing to and from George and Lloyd streets, through the railway reserve and across the line, cannot now exercise too much care in order to avert accidents. What with the worke now in progress and engines moving backwards and forwards at all houra of the day apd night, tbe public should always be on tbe alert. A resident of the district, on Thursday morning, nearly lost his life through "not looking where he was going." Parents would do well to advise their children of the above danger. At the meeting of the Buln Buln council on Tuesday last the matter of dealing with the nbbit pest came up for consideration, and it was shown that these rodents are making tremendous headway all over the shire. Up in the Northern part they are particularly busy, and unless something is done soon the. farmers will have one of, if not the worst, pest to contend with. Representations are to be made to the Minister of Lands on the subject. A Scotch minister was in need of funds, and thus conveyed his intentions to hiB congregation : " Weel, friends, tbe kirk is urgently in need o' siller; nd as we have failed to get money we will have to see what a bazaar can do for us." The 1st of March has been proclaimed a public holiday throughout the Narracan shire, consequent on a show being held in a neighboring town on that date. By advertisement it will be seen that a stock- taking sale is now being conducted by Mr. EL Burnige, draper, etc., of Moore street, Moe. The " Warragul Guardian" says — " It has been decided to tender a fareto the Rev. F and Mrs. P™* to their departure for «L The function will take place f* an early date, and Bishop Pain has been invited to attend." We n%i*t '8 and fed that by same the and State will suffer the loss 'iiiiilr amqjred bypaia Chambedrai'ii By reference to our columns it will be seen that Barton Bras', first-class circus will appear at Moe on Saturday evening next, February 25th. The press notices all speak very highly of the circus. &mong; the Items may be mentioned Mr. Barton's highly trained trick ponies, dogs an^J monkeys; also the phenomenal jumping dog "Spring." which clears 12ft. 6in., Mada-. e Barton in various equestrienne acts, Roy Barton, the juvenile bounding jockey. Miss Amy, who wa'ks a ladder of sharp swords, Alex, the human serpent, a s • several acrobats, tumblers and trapezists, and among other attractions " Barney," the South African bucking mule, which should afford a good opportunity for loc-l aspirants to master his peculiarities. The price of admission will be on a popular scale, «ith chi dren half-price. Bart nBros will perform at Trafalgar on Monday, next, and Yarragon on the following evening. As we surmised, the Crown lands sale held at Warragui m Thui last, was a failure, at least, so far Moe was concerned, only three blocks finding purchasers. We are informed that Mr. Humbert Bechaz bought two allotme ts in the vicinity, and * 1. H. Stuart, secured one somewhere near " The Pines." We venture to assert that had the blocks been offered for sale at ,oe— instead of Warragui—and the hece?saiy information forthcoming as to the localities in whi'h the blocks were situated there would have been no trouble in disposing of the allotments to local residents. Ihe above blocks were secured at the upset price. We have so often impressed upon the shire •councillors the necessity of establisning a pound in Moe that our readers (like ourselves) must be tiring of the question. L'ke number of .-tray stoe-v about the township is ou the increase, and we have it on reliable authority that sooner or later an accident will occur on ' the line near Moe through the above nuisance. The permanent-v.ay men say that a good deal of their time is occupied in driving cattle off the line. On Saturday, as the Melbourne train passetl by the seaiaphore, the engine encountered a small mob of cattle, with the result that a young btast was cut into mincemeat. "When the horse gets out of the stable," probably our councillors will rise to the occasiou and lock the door. " SOMETHING Is WBOHG. Your head aches, you feel dull and generally miserable, perhaps yon are bilious, your system needs cleansing. Take a dose of Chamberlain's ."-'tomach and Liver Tablets and the work is done. They are easy to take and prompt and pleasant in effect For sale by A. J. Mackenzie and Co., Moe, Filmer and Whitbread, Trafalgar, and F. Dickinson. Thorpdale. A concert and baft in aid of the Hill End Cricket Club is advertised for the 24th inst. — to take place in the schoolroom. All the leading talent of the surrounding districts has been secured for the concert, included in the programme for which will be some selections on the gramaphone (the records have only recently been imported from London), given by Mr. Bert. Fechner. Excellent music (harp and violin) will be provided for the dance, •whilst the catering is in very capable hands. A highly enjoyable time is looked forward to. Mr. Joseph Price's homestead (' Mountain View") near Aloe, was in imminent danger of being destroyed by fire on Friday last, A bush-fire broke* out -on the racecourse, and then travelled to his property. The grass around ihe homestead was set-on fine to intercept the enemy, and Mr. Job.-Smith appeared j on the scene with a garden spray, A good supply of water was available, and the flames were thus beaten. A couple of stacks of hay were saved by the use of wet blankets. The famous Lyric Entertainers and New English Myrioramic Company of high-class vocalists, comedians and biographic experts, will appear at the Moe Mechanics' Institute on Monday evening next, 27th February. The re-organised combination is undoubtedly very stron including the names of a number of well-known metropolitan artists. We are informed that tha entire repertoire ifi new and up-to-date, with deoidely attractive features, embracing magnificent biograph displays, depicting the world's most recent events. Altogether, the class of programme merits extensive patronage, and the enter- | prise of the directors in their catering for lovers of standard amusement should be thoroughly rewarded. Prices or admission are at popular rates- The company appears at Yarragon on Saturday, 25th February. We have heard numerous reports of enteric fever being prevalent in Moe. Wie regret being called upon to report the death of Mr. Fred. Bliss child from this disease. There is a report that another case has appeared in the families of Messrs. F. Bliss and H. Ellis. We interviewed Dr. Phelps on ihis matter, -which is of great importance to public health. He was somewhat reticent in giving his opinion, as he had already made a report to the local Board of Health, which appears in another column. He expressed his regret that there was no sanitary inspector to cany out his instructions- So far, the Result of his recommendations have not bong carried into effect. Be thinks so seriously of the matter now that he closed the State School yesterday (Monday . We think that a freer hand should be given to the medical officer of health in such cases, and a sanitary inspector should be appointed to carry out Dr. Phelps' suggestions. It seem* to ns that the medical officer of health's recommendations are seldom carried into effect, and also that he has no power to order same to be executed.. A meeting re a sanitary service is convened for Wednesday night. THE DEALEB KNOWB ITS VALUE. A merchant always aims, to please bis cuetoniere. and when he -finds that an artide has *" genuine merit he never hesitates to recommend it. Mr. M. Links, a storekeeper al Careoar, N.S.W., say6: " I never fail to re commend Chamberlain's Colic, Cholera and Diarrhoea Remedy, because I know it is good." You make no mistake when you boy due medicine. Dealers ail over the country tell you the same thing. It has been in constant use for thirty-five years, and it? undoubtedly the safest and best medicine on the market for pain in die stomach, diarrhoaa and dysen- ' tery. For sale by J. Mackenzie and Co., Moe, Filmer and Whitbread, Trafalgar, and F. Dickinson, Thorpdale. The saving of time means the saving of money with regard to life assurance. Therefor? assure AX ONCE with the Australian Mutual Provident Society —admittedly the premier assurance company in existence. Bonus yearly, as against one in five years with other companies. lowest premiums. Fullest particulars on applieation tot.be. local sub-agent—D- Bennett,, Moe STOBHORS AS A. MTJUE. A bad cough is more stubborn than a mule, and, if the right method is not used, itismore difficult to conquer. Dr. Sheldon's^fey Discovery lor Coughs. Colds, and Consumption conquers the most stubborn cases. It is a safe and certain remedy for coughs, col^s, pud a" lung troubles. Small dose. Pleasant to take. Everv bottle guaranteed. For sille by T. Treloar and Co.,'Moe Business in tbe building trade has been comparatively dull in Trafalgar .during the past few months, bat it iB satisfactory to note that it ie hot altogether ip a stagnant state. *|>o o* thrre priyate dwellings erected m the township atUie^efcejit time, and it is said that a* start will A young man Alfred 'Franklin, who 1 was convicted of stealing a watch and chain at die Drouin court a fortnight aftp, was brought up on remand befcre Mr. Cresswell, P.M., at that court last week for sentence. The P.M. ^aid accused had a veiybad record for such a joung man. He admitted three prior convictions. -One for larceny of the sum of £5 10s. He was piven a chance then, and his conviction was suspended. Notwithstanding this in two or three months he was in* trouble again and was again lightly dealt with, but with n 12 months he was convicted for unlawfully assaulting a child under the age of 16, and then he had to serve bis first sentence. He now pleaded guilty of having committed a mean contemptible offence in stealing from a laboring man perhaps the only valuable he possessed. He (the P M.) bad read accused's letter in which he asked to be leniently dealt with on account of his mother, but he should have thought; of his 'mother before that. It was no use dealing leniently with the accused again as it seemed as if he were entering on a criminal career altogether. He would be sentenced to six months hard labor in Sale gaol.—" Independent." Printing is the science of all sciences, the art of all arts, for it has opened the fair land of opportunity to the untold millions and destroyed the cruel monopofv of the few. Since its discovery-and practical" application mankind has experienced more blessings, greater enlightenment, larger happiness, truer liberty than hud come to it with the blind gropinjjs and voiceless aspirations of-the coumless centuries preceding it. " Washington Post" And yet the printer is the last individual on the face of the earth that the public think of paying their acknowledgments to. WHY GO HCKGET? If your stomach is weak and you are suffering from indigestion, don't sacrifice your health and comfort. Eat all the wholesome food you want. Then take one of Dr. Sheldon's Digestive Tabules after each meal. They digest your food and thus nourish and build YOU up, while the stomach is recovering its natural tone. For sale by T. Treloar ana Co., Moe. While no one is able to explain the law which operates the divining rod, there appears to be no doubt about its efficacy on many occasions. A native of the West Indies, an orchadist in the Grantville district, who is said to possess the gift of finding water by means of the rod, has been working his powers" in the Rosedale district during the past month. Major Um~ phelby (of Illnmalita), Messrs Widdis (Flynn's . Creek), Whittakers (Loy Yang), Newnham (Longford) and numerous other large land-holders secured his services, and on each property he found streams of runnings water. Several commenced boring operations with the intention of irrigating adjacent land. Fleming is now in the Sale district, where his services are in strong demand. [Mr. John Holt, of the Moe Coffee Palace, informed us, during a conversation on the above theory, that he could do all that the West Indian had accomplished. For our own part, we don't think there would be mcch difficulty in finding water in any part, of Gippsland, without the assistance of the diving-xod. The theory was in existence over three centuries, ago, but like all such theories is similar to the visit of a comet—of short dotation. -Ed. *A.*j The rails for use in the construction of the Moe-Walhalla railway have come to hand. The narrow-grf≥ ballast trucks have also reached Moe. The work of getting the sleepers ready, and the track in proper order for the I plate-laying, is being pushed on as} quickly as possible. • he engine to be used on the line arrived at Moe on | Saturday, having been brought along | on bogey wheels from Wangarratta by another engine. WEAK BACKS. The weak 6pot in many men and women IE the back. It j^ires oat before the oth«r part of the body. It gets tired and aches terribly after A day's work or nijjht'B pleasure. A tired, weak back, palls a. person right down and renders life miserable. The kidneys are often supposed to be the cause, bat usually the muscles and tendons in the back have been strained. Dr. Sheldon's Magnetic Liniment is the proper and only permanent remedr. Rub it into the pores of the back, and .t feeling of renewed strength and vigor will come immediately, and a few each treatments will fix you up all right. Dr. Sheldon's Magnetic Liniment takes out Boreness and inflammation. It invigorates and freshens all the muscular tissues. It contains ingredients that you have never used before. For sale by T. treloar and Co., Moe. That some men are consistently lucky or the reverse is notorious, although philosophers assure us there's no such thing as chance, that every result must have an intereedent cause. There was the American blackwoods roan who made a dozen unsuccessful attempts to get married, but always met with an accident before peaching the church porch. Once he broke a leg, then an arm, etc.. till there was scarcely a bone in his body that hadn't been fractured. At las* when success was almost assured, when he was just stepping up the aisle, the Indians broke into the temple and scalped him. So his unfortunate sweetheart wrote to the local editor to see what was the best to be done, and was informed that the best thing she could do was to many what was left of him, or there would soon be none at all. A Bunyip Swamp Farmer informs us (says the " Express") that he expects to clear £500 off 6 acresof onionsl The crop is a very fine one, and he estimates the yield at 10 tone to the acre- The present price of onions, £8 10s, would bring in £480, but our informant predicts a further rise to £10 or £12. The great saving in the eost of rpad works with tbe help of fcbe road machine'was apparent when the tenders" were opened at the meeting of the Bosedale council recently. The engineer's estimate for forming, culvert, etc., on the Melbourne road between Rosedale and FlinnBtead, was £200, bat the jofc was taken by Mr. John Widdie lor £142 4s 9d. Mr Widdis ^vill, of coarse, use his machine. Another eo~tmct in Glengarry wall taken 'by O'Connor Bros., of Briagolong, 'at a caving of at least - 25 per, cent on the estimates.—"Gooriejr." - 1 * J The Moe-doe-poisoners have been: active doxing the past - week,-having destroyed two domesticated animals owned by Messrs. fiaigh BID;.' - I 'Hoe Easter Sports — meeting on Friday evening. 6eefidci. , 