BUSH FIRES. I AWFUL DESOLATION IN \ ' yictobia]. - "7 *?. 'V:V? V "I .?.V MILES OF COUNTRY LAID . 1 ; WASTE, I (' . ? 'Melbourne. January 16 Bush'fires have been burning in the'lieetly Creek district for some days, and have been, giving serious trouble in' the vicinity, of the mines on the Golden Dyke line. At the Golden Dyiei Consols .. mine- the engine house and poppet- legs "were; in danger for; a. considerable time. Despite the. efforts v..oi the men engaged at:the ipine two.men's huts were (burned to the ground. The fire spread rapidly- towards the 'town, and seve ral of the settlers are in danger of. being burned out- ' Nearly all:--the men in the district .have been battling with, the lire for the past'few'days. ? The.resid.ence of. Mr- J. Kidman, of North Poowong, was destroyed by; a bush fire. Fires are raging: in the open countiy; be tween Poowong . - and , Nyora: The . fire started in Miv J.: B. O'-Meara's paddock at Kil cuud a j. ancLswept through the properties of Messrs. G. Sfcinholdt; O'Rouxke, and 1'. .L Daly, burning nearly all- the grass, am*, fencing. . .Another fire, -which' started on the- Bass River, near the townshipj-v swept through the Bass Park paddocks, burning thousand? of acres of .grass. Everything on the_ farms of.-Messrs. G- Brown and YValkley, includ ing the houses, was consumed, and. many properties were cleared of everything except the kouses,' whieli were saved- after- catch ing alight, : in some: instances jthree times; In one.place the-fire. swept, along 10. miles to within half a mile' of Grantville, when the "wind changed. Fires in the fleytesbuiy Forest have done considerable" damage; . Ac Gowlej^s Creek Mr. Ackland was burned- out of has: houses the sheds, fencing, implements, and machi nery all' being destroyed. . Light:rain fell ' on Saturday and yesterday,-and. will check the fires for a few" days. Rain fell on Sunday morning, and a check has been .put on fires in the Moe, district for the present. ' * " : The fires which threatened ^to burn" the whole of the Snake Valley,, country-are now under control. Extensive damage'has been .done to grass and feiicing. Fully 30,000 acres of grass' have been burned; and 50 miles of fencing.; Mr- James ? Russell is a heavy loser .in sheep, but the total number burned is not to hand. A number at .horses and cattle are still missing. 1 The Morning ton Peninsula has been visits ed by severe bush fires. during the past few days, and great damage has been done in the Hastings and Balnarring ??? districts ini particular. Miles of fencing were destroy ed, and numbers of sheep also perished-m the flames. The country was laid bare) from Hastings to Tyabb and Balnarring. . . Most destructive 'bush- fires swept; over; a I large tract of grazing i cotuitry east --and south of Avenel last' week- Altogether 2& graziers have sufferedi the majority of them being holders of from 1,000 to 2,000 acres. Many of them have lose -every blade of grassland all then- fencing is more or less damaged. In everv.. ease the homestead has been saved,, but.only after desperate fighting. Many -of-tie settlers have not. been in bed since Tuesday- night. Alto gether 25,000 acres of settled holdings car rying stock Irave been burned. A thunder storm- passed over the district i on Sunday evening. 