BUSH FIRES. Now that the disastrous bush-fires have been, for the greater part extinguished, it impossible to form a fairly accurate esti mate of the damage that has been wrought. In some districts fearful havoc was caused, but in other parts the losses are not so great as were at first expected. We have, as yet been unable to obtain a full report of the number of stock that per ished is the Bigga fire, but the follow ing are reported;—Messrs. McGuiness Bros. 350 sheep. G. D. Hay about 600 sheep, Alf. McDonald 1200 ' sheep, S. Hearne about 300 Sheep, Mrs. E. Wells about 2000 sheep, F. Hearne 700 sheep, Carr Bros, about 50 sheep, 17 miles fencing, and 2000 acres; A. J. Mclnnes lost no stock. The country generally, however, over which the fires passed is in a terrible condition, and the worst problem the occupiers will have to face will be how to supply sufficient fodder for their stock. The country is all stripped from Reedy Creek to Mulgowrie Creek and the Binda road. Mr. W. A. Hailstone, of Bigga, died on New Year's Day from the effect of the heat, and while his property was burning. Messrs., Picket Brothers lost about 1000 sheep, 4000 acres of grass and miles of fencing, and had considerable difficulty in saving the homestead. At Mr. G. D. Hay's 1100 sheep were found in a heap all burnt, while in another paddock 200 were found in a heap. Mr. A. J. Mclnnes had his woolshed burnt down. The Inspector General has received numerous telegrams during the past few days from the country as to the state of affairs in the various districts. The fol lowing is the substance from the places mentioned:— Burrowa.—Convent and houses saved owing to 100 men, including police, barn ing break in grass. Fires said to have been caused by phosphorus. Queanbeyan.—Fire checked and well in hand. Large amount of propety in shape of crops, stock and fencing destroyed. Only one homestead destroyed. Gunning- Great losses at Gurrundah, Clear Hills and Cullarin, principally of grass and fences. No houses reported burnt, nor any loss of life, and fires to great extent subdued. Murrumburrah- Fire passed through Cunnirigham estate, 40,000 to 50,000 acres destroyed, and great number of sheep and cattle. Fires on other stations, and a number of small farmers have had their crops destroyed. Young,—None of the settlers and graziers yet able to state their losses. All those burnt out in fairly good circumstances, and no cases heard of where State aid is required. Heavy rains fell on Wednesday and put out fires. Marulan.—No cases so far requiring temporary relief. Collector.—No very great distress or persons rendered homeless through bush fires, though on some of the holdings all the graas and much fencing destroyed, but houses saved. No reports of actual dis tress. Good rain has fallen, and fires now extinguished or burnt out. Nelligen.—Fire swept everything before it for miles; houses; fences, outbuildings, grass, cattle etc., destroyed. A number of settles burnt out, and school house and residence destroyed. Loss estimated at £7000, and only one place insured. Heavy rain fell on Wednesday, and fires now ex tinguished. Frogmore.— About 15,000 acres grass burnt also six haystacks and a quantity ???. No lives lost and no in jured. Bowning;—Enormous amount of damage done, but no loss of life reported. Hun dreds ef sheep have perished. Rain has fallen^.Md fires aMnqg^p^JnguisSied. Dalton—I^o Iossjjf.lifd.and no accidents. Blanket^ .purchased for one family j food and otBer enjipjiea^piowded •' by neighbours and others in the district. . Two other fam illes burnt out. and tlfe police have been ihscrhct-ed to provide riecessarie&tfGv; .thera. Rye Park.—Two dwellings, with cori tentai, totally destroyed j also sheds and haystacks: Thousands of sheep have per islied; but; owners cannot state their loss. No loss of life. Yass.—Relief. afforded in one cose at Grin'inderra and three at Dal ton. '■ J£xpendi; ture o£>B10 to date. Ma∈'g further in-' quiries.' Bega.—-A.t Wyndham ffie was' serious. :Man-missing. Necessitous cases will not be many. : Wyalong.—No person rendered homeless and none in need 6f assistance through fires. ■ L-. ' Barmedman.—/No^pergon rendered home less,-and none in need Of apsiat-anco through fifejl'.'' • : : '* 1 :■■■ . Bungonia.—Many farmers have suffered ..great losses, but none ^homeless. N&y; im mediate retief required —:• ,:j. " Araluen.—Np persons rendered homeless .nnd.noiiP in need of assistance through, fires'.: ■ • Cobargo.—Considerable damage a Tou rie. Several settlers lost heavily.: Horses fencing, yards, grass, and a .good number of live stock destroyed. One woman severely burnt, now in honpital.- No further danger from fires. G'oulburn.—Nojersona in need of relief; Inquiries also mode ' Merrillo, Poineroy, I'arkesbourne, Breadalbano; and -Ifarra. Fires-all out, great deal of. grass ' arid fenc ing destroyed: No. persons m need of assistance. Tuena.—No cased of distress. Newspaper reports greatly exaggerated Molong.—Fire kept in check by prompt action of ths people. Very little damage done. 'ftxmut.—A Mrs. Abraham Kershaw?, widow; with eight children, i&-.rthe cmty person- who appears to have been' rendered; homeltsa. ATrangomenta hareboeumado toTolieve. ::Binalong.—Fonr "families-, have been: rendered .homeless through 'bush; firea. Three efc them did not requireimmediate iabi«tajice; Tho fourth did, and were lived. Greia.—Only one case in which Msist aneehas )be6il ,aeedodi. Moss Vale.—None of the persons rend ered homeless by bush fires are in need of assistance. Wollongong.—Only one case in which immediate relief -was necessasy. > i Nowra'.—Considerable gfa*s nnd fencing: feair^Sdvbxifc no persona rendered home loss. Kangaroo'Valley.—Great / damage done fencing, graatf. hotieea. A number of jattlo fore^Wrnedi '^ergons- burned qut ire staying wifb VelatiVW^'and' aro- not in' immediate need of assia'taiicHi." - > North- BiiAiii>o/id.-HSo^cral Jhajise*: dfia jrqyod.; N^imraediate assistance-required; 