BUSH FIRES IN NEW SOUTH WALES. THE DELEGATE OUTBREAK. A GRAPHIC DESCRIPTION. Sydney, January 4 Details have reached Sydney of the bush fire which has proved so disastrous to the Delegate district. The fire originated in the far back mountain country, where it had been burning for several weeks. Owing to the hot weather, the extreme dry ness of the country, and high prevailing winds it gradually crawled towards the settled country, but was being held in check by the few settlers in the neighbor- hood. On Friday last a number of set- tlers were fighting it at what is known as Gow's Creek, but owing to the strong gale of hot wind blowing from the north-west it completely mastered them, and, travel- ling with great rapidity up through Am- byne Gap (which is densely timbered), it licked up everything before it. The fire here formed a solid wall of fire some three miles and a half in length. It swept down like a mighty avalanche upon Mr. Graham Collins' property, and almost simulta- neously upon the properties of Mr. A. Stewart, of Ambyne, and Mr. Richard- son, the sight being one never to be forgotten by those who wit- nessed it. Mr. Collins, by super- human efforts, succeeded at the risk of his life in saving his house, but he lost his wool clip. He had only finished shear- ing that day. He also lost miles of fencing, thousands of acres of grass, 500 sheep, 20 head of cattle, and several horses, the only animal saved being a pig, which rushed into the house for shelter from the flames. The stock raced about like mad things, and dropped dead all round the house. It was with the greatest difficulty that Mr. Collins succeeded in saving the lives of his wife and children, and at one stage it was feared that they must all perish, as they, were cut off from all means of escape. It was only from the desperate manner in which they fought against the fury of the flames to save the homestead that their lives were saved. Mr. Stewart lost his woolshed, some 20 miles of fencing, 3,000 acres of grass, and a number of stock, but succeeded, by desperate fighting, in keeping the flames from devouring the homestead. Mr. H. Richmond lost his wool clip, homestead, and a considerable quantity of grass and fencing. Mr. Richmond was one who was battling with the fire at Gow's Creek, and when it mastered them there he raced for his home. After galloping about a mile he found that the fire had split into two divisions, and had cut off all possible chance of his reaching his homestead, and was surrounding him. He raced back down the creek to a waterhole, and rode into it, and with his hat poured water over him- self and his horse until the fire passed. His clothes took fire several times. The fire then spread with alarming rapidity to the property of Mr. William Commons, jun., at Spring Flat, where it licked up everything before it, home- stead, sheds, stables, fencing, stock, &c;, not a stick being left. He, his wife, and several children narrowly escaped in a buggy, with their lives. At the time the fire came upon him two of his lads were in the bush on horseback after sheep, and he feared that they had perished, but by some means they got behind the fire, and made their way to Brown's camp. Messrs. R. Crawford, James Ryan, and Jack Walker also lost their homesteads, grass, and fencing. The fire swept across the fattening paddocks on the Corrowong estate, where the country is less thickly timbered, and it was with the greatest difficulty that the cattle were removed to a place of safety. The fire then careered along the edge of the Corrowong plain, where its progress was not so rapid, but the efforts to entirely check it were futile. In one paddock on the estate 1,600 sheep were burned to death, and 15,000 acres of grass and miles and miles of fencings were also destroyed. As yet people have not the faintest idea of the full extent of their losses, but it is considered that they will be very heavy. Crossing the Delegate to Corrowong road, the fire attacked the pro- perty of Mr. Neil Deeney, who lost his woolshed and a considerable quantity of grass and fencing, the homestead only be- ing saved by the heroic efforts of several residents of Delegate. From there the fire leapt a full quarter of a mile on to Mr. A. Eppelstnn's property at Oakvale, on the Corrowong-road, sweeping everything before it, the homestead only be- ing saved by the efforts of several volunteers from Delegate, who took their lives in their hands. About 150 fat sheep, which Mr. Eppelstnn had just taken de- livery of were destroyed in the house pad- dock, besides several valuable horses and some cattle. Carried by the high wind, the fire swept over a distance of about a mile and a half to Mr. C. J. Ingram's property. There it burned with relentless fury, making a clean sweep of everything, house, fencing, stock, and grass. Mr. Ingram only suc- ceeded in saving the lives of his wife and family by placing them in a deep creek near the house and covering them with wet blankets. A change of wind brought the fire across the road on to Mr. Fitton's pro- perty at Forest Hill, where it burned some 2,000 acres of grass and several miles of fencing. Extending to Mr. E. O'Hare's Glenroy property, it burned some 300 acres of grass and miles of fencing. As it was then only about a mile and a half from Mr. D. Campbell's Marathon property, and about four miles from Delegate township, which would be in jeopardy if the high wind again rose, a break was burned on the Delegate station and the Marathon pro- perty to join the original fire. The eastern arm of the fire had meanwhile extended about seven miles, spreading desolation in its course, and attacking the properties of Messrs. A. E. Ingram. D. Stokes. F. Ran- kin, J. H. Ingram, T. Wolfe, C Stokes, and S. Martin, all of whom lost a quantity of grass and fencing. Although their homesteads were threatened they were in each instance saved by timely aid ren dered by numerous volunteers from the township and surrounding neighborhood. The fire was about 70 miles in length, from Ambyne to Quidong, where a party of men from Bombala were battling with it. An area of at least 150 miles has been burned and it is estimated that £100,000 will not cover the loss, which is a very serious one for the district. ALLEVIATING DISTRESS. RELIEF FUND STARTED. Sydney, January 4. , News from the country to-day shows that the bush'fires have practically been ex- tinguished. In some instances, they haye burned themselves out, but in the majo- rity of cases welcome falls of rain have assisted the sufferers to extinguish them. Unfortunately the later news does not to any extent modify the reports of the losses sustained bv the people on the land. . A largely-attended meeting, presided over by the Lord Mayor (Alderman Allen Tay- lor), was held in the vestibule of the Town Hall this afternoon, to consider waya and means of assisting the . sufferers. Among those present were the Premier, the Primate, and Senator Gray. A reso- lution was carried-"That this meeting de sires to express, on behalf of the citizens of Sydney, its sympathy with the families who have become distressed by the de- vastating fires which have raged through- out New South Wales." A fund was started, with every prospect of it reaching a solid amount. The Premier gave instructions this after- noon to Mr. Garvin, Inspector- General of Police, to send the following telegram to the various superintendents of police in country districts:-"Bush fires. Premier direct« immediate relief to be given in ab- solutely necessitous cases, in the shape oí provisions, and other necessaries, and shel- ter to the homeless. Police magistrates and the police in the towns affected, with the other officers, should act as a commit- tee, investigating each case. See that there is no hardship by delay. Reasonable ex- penditure may be incurred forthwith to meet urgent ,cases, but no waste, please. See that reports are sent to me direct from each place daily, giving particulars. Get into communication with the officers of the police-stations immediately, and in- struct accordingly. Important." Mr. Garvin supplemented this with the following:-"Mayors of the municipalities affected hy bash fires should be requested to co-operate with the police magistrates and police. Please arrunge." Tlie railway traffic officers have received a telegram from the superintendent at Junee to the effect that on the stations along the Corowa line, it wea roughly esti* mated thátr between 50,000 and 60,000 baga of wheat-in round figures, about a quar- ter of a million bushels-had been de- stroyed by the bush fires. It was also stated that the standing crops, as well as the bigged wheat, had suffered. THE VICTORIAN FIRES. Melbourne, January 4. The Stn te Premier said to-day that Ministers at a Cabinet meeting held dur- ing the afternoon had expressed very deep sympathy with the people who had suf- fered loss by the bush fires which have raged during the past few days in various parts of the State. The bush fires have wrought fearful de- struction in the Omeo district; nearly all the grass and fencing for a distance'of 20 miles are burnt. The Bindi- bridge across the Tambo River has been destroyed. Messrs. Doyle Brothers, Walterson, R. T. Yapp, W. Johnson, J. Condon, and A. Huggins were the chief losers. It is now considered that half the crop of raisins and sultanas at Mildura has been de- stroyed by the excessive heal last week. The. whole of the exportable surplus of raisins has been destroyed, but the loss or the sultanas is even more serious, as no- thing luce the Commonwealth consump- tion had been reached. Prior to leaving the district, which he had been visiting, the State Governor expressed hi9 sym- pathy with the Mildura settlers in their serious losses. HELP FROM NEW ZEALAND. Wellington, January 4. The Australian^ Natives' Association is organising relief funds in aid of thje suf- ferers by the Australian bush fires. Mr. Seddon says the Government will assist any movement by the public in a similar direction. The Mayor of Wanganui has called a public meeting to consider tne means of raising funds. 