THE BUSH FIRES. The Braidwood district must be considered one of the most fortunate in the State as far as the damage dpue by bush fires is concerned. Only in a comparatively few instances has any damage worth speaking of been done. The landowners, however, have been obliged to keep a vigilant watcb, and this has resulted in preventing several fires which would otherwise probably have assumed large pro portions. The r r-i on Tuesday meht nut out the fires this side ol the range, and there bas been no outbreak reported since. Mr. R. G Hasaall's paddockB had a narrow esoape the other day. A person driving along the road in a cart threw away a match after lighting his pipe, which ignited the grasS on the roadside, and the fire travelled into Mr. HassaU's paddock. This gentleman and a friend happened to come along at the time and quickly got the rUmep under, but for which the fire would inevitably have gone through the paddock?, and goodness knows where it would have stopped. The country the other side of the dividing range right through to Nelligen is in a deplorable state. Almost everything is burnt. Mr. Roughly's house had a narrow shave. The McCauley's, Millard's, Backhouse's, Balcombe's, and Ryan's are all burnt out. Mr. M. Ryan (Runnymede) estimates his loss at over £1000. The cheese factory on this property, together with the residence and outbuildings and the milking herd of 36 cows, were all burnt. In deed, Mr. Ryan and his family only escaped with their bare lives. Mr. F. W. Cork, of Buckenbour station, had all his grass and fencing destroyed. On the Araluen road from Deua River to Mud melong scarcely a settler has escaped without losing either grass, fencing, outhouses, grain, form ing implements and stock. Cooper's hotel at Deua River had a remarkably narrow escape, the build catching fire several times only to be put out again by a number of willing hands. The Flynns were heavy sufferers. Besides grass and fencing their house was destroyed, besides some stock and pigs. A big sufferer by the fires has been Mr. J. Ford, who formerly had a farm at Larbert, but who sold out some little time ago and went to Bowning, in the Yass district. All the grass on his run and the fences were swept clean away, in addition to which he lost 1300 ewes and lambs. Mr. Ford will have the entire sympathy of his many friends in this district for the disaster which has overtaken him. A fierce fire raged on Monday and Tuesday in the Gourock ranee, sis miles or eo from Manar. at which 23 or 24 men were employed beating it out, Messrs. J. Mulligan and J. Doyle being among the number, the latter being taken frum his team, the horses being turned out in Maoar paddock. Mulli gan was on the Tarago road preparing for repairing the telegraph line, and he bad a very narrow escape of losing his life at the fire, by which he was hem med in. He wasflying away from it on horseback, and was obliged to dismount and run to a water hol« for safety, letting his horse look after itself. The rain was a good deal heavier at Manar than in Briidwood, upwards of an inch falling there, while there were only 38 points in Braidwood. This fire started at Foxlowe, add had not the rain extin guished it it would have laid waste the greater part of Manar station and the farms at Larbert and the adjacent country. The men employed putting out this fire were engaged on behalf nf the Government hy ord«r of Mr. Carruthers, the Premier. It will be ooticed in our telegrams that the origin of some of the fires is attributed to incendiarism, wet bags having been found amongst the grass con taining phosphorus, and there have been rumors of phosphorus having been laid in paddooks in this district. Mr. H. Maddrell reports that be has found on his land a broken bottle charged with phosphorus, which he believes was the work of an incendiaty. If this phosphorus can be made use of for the purpose of starting fires when there is such a high temperatute to explode it, the question is whether a greatnum ber of these conflagrations were not caused by the ignition of the phosphorus which has been spread wholesale through the country for destroying the rabbits ? If so the ase of this inflammable substance should be totally prohibited. The loss sustained by the depredations of the rabbits is a mere baga telle to the ruin and desolation brought about by the whole country being set ablaze as it was on Saturday and Sunday last, and especially in the Riverioa diet riot a where the wheat has just been harvested an-I not taken off the fields, and when the grain is only stripped off at the bead and the straw left standing, 4 and 5 feet high, fir miles add hundreds of miles at a stretch it will carry the devouring flameB at each a speed as to outpace the fastest horse. So melancholy a catastrophe as the great fires which have ewepb over the State is in many re spects unparalleled in the records nf the country. The concise telegrams coming from eye-witnesses in the various districts but briefly recount the fearfnl havoc, and cannot convey an adequate idea of the utter and complete devastation of the country as it now appears. The picture is a grim one, with stumps still burning and blackened trunks alone standing where a little while since there was green grass and verdant bush growth. Charred trees and bare ground now plainly indioate the course of the .fires a? they sped their way relentlessly forward, increasing in fury as homesteads and station build ings were engulfed and reduced to ashes. The amount of damage wrought is assuming im mense proportions. Thousands of acres in different parts of the State have been devastated, home steads, farmB, and everything about them have been destroyed, and even larger holdings and stations have not escaped, hundreds of sheep and cattle having been roasted alive. There appears to have been no lack of assistance to try to save stock, which is at all times valuable, but no human effort could apparently rescue the doomed animals, which, in mortal panic, rushing from the great glare, were eutirely unmanageable and soon overcome. Sheep huddled together in hundred?, and were quickly roasted to death. This was particularly the case in the Gundagai district, where quite a number of stations have been burned out, resulting in enor- mous damage. Tenandra Park, near Gundagai, was swept by the fires, as were also Kimo, Yabtree, Hillas Creek, and Billapalop. The damage there alone is estimated at thousands of pounds. In the same district innumerable haystacks have been lost. The most appalling losses, however, were sus tained in the vicinity of Wagga, many of the finest stations being utterly ruined, Big Spring*, owned by Mr. G.( P. Wilson, is well known as a splendid holding, and ihiB may be gauged by the faot thit 5000 acres of the estate were under crop. The whole station, wnnlsheds, and other buildings were all consumed. Borambola, another large station, shared ths (mine fate. In the same district Mr. Anthony Brunikill, who has an extensive property and model farm, which some time ago lecu'ed a State prize, was more fortunate, 5000 acres under wheat being sived, Numerous other properties equally notable have Buffered terribly, Bonk Book, owned by E. Inprims, being swept from end to end, and miles oi fencing destroyed. In other parts of the State the damage ib almost as great. At C-rowa, for insLanoe, miles of coun try, fenolng, grass, stock, and homesteads have all gone, and even 1'RB of life has resulted, The soenes here are said to have been heartrending:, ani the work of years wns swept aw.iy in a few moments. Havoo has also been wrought In (he Milton dfatrlot, where a fierce outbreak oame from the mountains and swept the country towards the coast, consuming everything before it, and rendering families home less. From Bowral liter aooounts report apptlllng losses, and it i« siid that the flames around Wood lands have not yet been conquered. Complete reports from Albury show the disaster to be a widespread and coloaaaf obaraoter. Some of the settlors affirmed that it was impossible for a horee galloping to keep up with the fire. From Bull Plain to Gerogery the ttre covered a dlstanoe of 60 miles, the.faoe being front 10 to 20 milts wide. From Howlong it is reported that Banks Bros. loBt j -everything, inoluding house and outbuildings and ] wheat valued at .£2000, whioh was stripped and ready-to oart away. Other losses included — L&ws; Bros., five large stacks of hay and 1100 bags of wheat ; Hall, 1000 breeding ewes valued at £1 per head. Considerable damage has been dorftHn the Quean beyan district, but the extent is not known. An old age pensioner and an old resident of the district named Moses Morley, who, since his wife's death, some years ago, has been living a hermit life on his selection near Stringy Bark, came into QaR&nbeyan; afoot — a distance of four miles — early on Monday, bare-headed and clothed only in shirt and trousers. He reported to the police that on the previous after noon, as he sat reading at the door of hie hut, he heard a roaring sound, and looking muui found the bark chimney of his dwelliog all in flames. Before he could turn to save a thine the rooms were fast filling with flame, and though he bravely entered the burning house, he immediately eaw his only means of escape being out off by the rapid approach of the' flames to the ooorw ay, throngs which ho was fortunate enough to make a hair-breadth es cape. Hundreds of miles of pasturage and fencing and other improvements, with hay and grain stacks have been destroyed. Old Gineiuderra homestead has been demolished, and the paddocks at Hatch Bros'., at Rose Hill, in the same neighborhood, were surrounded by fire, which destroyed upwards oi 1000 sheep and several borseB, including a valuablo stallion. It is estimated that fully 500 men, in cluding upwards of 70 from Queanbeyan, were fighting the fire. The principal business people of Queanbeyao sent out eupplieafor the workers. The destruction in the Bega disttjetfaas been very great. At Wyndiiam, Mr. MilliaEran'4 his child were severely burnt, and died later. His wife and family rushed into a waterhole, snd endeavoured to save their lives by constantly ducking under the water. Messrs. D. Collins, Jas. Underhill, Jas. Grant, and Moore Brothers lost all the grass on their property, while barns, hay, buildings, fences, crops, and large numbers of stock have all been des troyed. There was great destruction »v Numbugga. The post office w«s only saved by the bard work of willing hands. The outhouses were destroyed. Farms belonging to T. Bateman, H. Bate.tian, H. McGuinness, W. Hcnscombe, W. Reidy, L. O'Brien, J. Rheinberger, T. Went, J. Tarlington, were practically devastated, while numbers of cattle were roasted alive. Homesteads were .only saved by the merest chance. The properties of Messrs, Wilson, Bjrrett, Al cock, Coman, Burcher, Ward, Benny, Kiss, Ryan, Keys, and many others were practically devastated. Birds fell dead from the trees, while people were forced into creeks, which wete crowded with roar ing cattle and all kinds of wild animals and rep tiles. Great loss was cansed at WoluraU, where the properties of Messrs. Keys', Burnett, and Mrs. Pbeeney were nearly all destroyed. The sufferings and destruction are indesoribable ; while the huge losses sustained is incalculable. In many cases pigs, poultry, sheep, doge, and cattle were des troyed. Pathetic tales of r»oes for life before the flames are heard on ell sides ; while farmers' wives stood by their homesteads in the absence of their husbandB, fighting the flames. 