THE GAY METROPOLIS. Invitations to Uonoerta ana oomal Events should be addressed to Iris, care of Gordon & Gotoh, Queen Itreet, Melbourne. The Gables, Toorak. Dear Adelaide, The Federal Government House is occupied once more. Governor- General land Lady Northcote, with their large staff, returned to the Metropolis on Tuesday. Their varied experiences an •the Colac homestead and surrounding country, .where tlhe bush-fires raged foist week, have satisfied their Excellencies that the citizen who alludes iwith scorn to the dulness and monotony of station life knows nothing about it. They found their trial of it most exciting. Society, back in its town quarters, does a wonderful amount of shopping. All day long the smart drapery departments are tlhronged with well- known people who do as much gossip between their purchases as is possible to wedge into an ordinary afternoon tea-party. Autumn frocks are on show with leg-oif-mutton sleeves, and a return to the old curtailed ishoulder-pieces. The deep Granny yoke that went over the tops of the arms and induced such a broad, sloping effect to the shoulder-line, is almost absent from all the new creations. A squ&reshouldered; look is now the correct thing. It isn't the least charming. The granny style was graceful. Those whom it suits will cling to it another season. Miss Florence Hamer, of Williamson's Comedy Co., has been about toiwn more, than most theatrical stars usually are. She dresses smartly, and has a train of cavaliers. . Which is a matter of cause and effect. I saw her one afternoon in the Vienna in a snuff-colored frock charmingly made, and a lovely hat of art shades and floral effect, made more picturesque by a lace chin-strap. Miss Hamer has wonderful eyes, which are so expressive that they help her conversation at all points—metaphorically make gestures, shrug, frown, and smile, while the rest of the lady is in perfect repose. Miss Rose Musgrove dresses less effectively off the stage than wiais her wont. She ' glories in the fact that she is broader and fuller—but her face remains thin. In the "Marriage of Kitty" , all the plums fell to Miss Musgrove, who dressed the part beautifully, and played it with any amount of spirightiliness. A friend, who 'has been breaking her heart ihat during her short-visit to London the Hulp should be enveloped,in impenetrable ifog for djayfe 'together, so -that she seems to have travelled hundreds and hundreds of miles only to see a grey, gloomy •wall where a great London wt^s to spread out ravi&hingly; before' her longing eyes; tells ane that the two , new Victorian singers of the day are Signora Dane-Valentd and Walter Kirby. The singer , with the'floral (Italian name is a former student of Marshall Hall's Conservatoriiim, where as the big, breezy Nora Dane, she shone for more than .one season as a show-pupil- On. a visit to Vienna, to pursue heir vocal studies^—or at least, to • complete them—she met the Sign or, whom she eventually married. Miss Dane was handsome and - dasiiing, and Victorians abroad told us she was dressing with splendid taste. Signer Valenti is also an artist, and the pair* like Clara Butt and 'her husband, *4ave thus the same platform • • • • initerests. p Walter Kirby had Melba's help ^und guidance at the start. He lost no opportunity of study or practice, with the result tha t London was won. He is in the unique position, so my correspondent says, : of choosing engagements—that every day his success becomes more assured. I wonder does he still wear his hair long, and that appealing expression in his mournful eyes. An engagement wihich I helped to trumpet last November—not long after the Cup Carnival—has fallen through. Some say—but there are always some to say things. The truth of a collapsed engagement is never heard. The girl, if nice, will not speak of it or fabricate reasons hurtful to the man, and he cannot possibly be expected to say anything. It is the man's duty to let the lady co ne out of the affair .with flying colors. He must always be the jilted or disappointed party. So the on-dat in this instance is not to be quoted. You may be sure it has no vestige of truth. That the girl was an heiress is reason of so much more comment circulating than is usual. A great old institution of the Metropolis seems to have fallen on bad times. The Atheneum Reading Club, situated as lit i3 in one of the most prominent and advantageous quarters olf the CXty—in • Collins-street, almost next the Town Hall—in its annual report shows an alarming decrease of members. And this decrease will probably continue, as its members are mostly middle- aged— even elderly—and aire dropping out one by one. The Atheneum is not up- todate. It is dark and dismal. The atmosphere is stuffy. I remember going in there a ifew months agio iand being struck by the absolute dreariness of the place. Of course quiet is necessary, but the dingy, bald-headed old gentlemen looked like s'o many dummies seated round the tables. The atmosphere was close, and the surroundings horribly dismal. I felt I was in a village church at a small requiem service-—of silent praye;-. V. •»• • The fact is the Atheneum Club has grown like its subscribers, out of date. Its fiction lags superfluous on 'the shelves. The newever publications are not received. The whole library wants a spring-cleaning, a brightening up, a Avholesale weeding but of obsolete works, and an up-to-date supply of literature and current files. Till that is done its membership must go on decreasing. There is a tame little Interstate Protographv show at present in the Albert' street galleries. Piart of the exhiMbtfto is art photography—'the rest, merely the work- o!f the lens with very little retouching from the brush of the earnerafinasher. As an example of the advance of photography and its artistic possibilities, the exhibition is instructive. Sir John Madden,, in performing 'the opening 'ceremony, pointed this out, and said . much mere to the" like effect, with the usual oratorical flourishes. Motor and chute contests are the popular distraction of the hour. At Princes Court the public are attracted by novelties in toboggan races and chute excitements. While the road from Sydney to Melbourne is alive with motorists, their supporters, and sports in general. In the big interstate race the first to have a serious accident was Mr. Langfqrd,.the. lucky speculator who made a fortune in one deal on the Exchange a few years ago: . .Mr. Langiford's machine wias completely shattered, has chauffeur was. pitched out -on his head, and he alone escaped without damage. - They say Sir Rupert Clarke, who is shortly expected back in Melbourne, will bring "a handsome motor with him. It will be a new toy for our sporty Baronet. The Marshall-Hall Saturday recitals start again next month, with the same unpopular hon. secretary. That is a pity. . A clever and diplomatic secretary is a great add to concert promoiter. Much offence was given the press by Mr. Phillip Fox last season, and the result was the recitals iwere not boomed as they deserved. With more enthusiastic notices those charming performances would have drawn packed houses. at t* • The question of the cost of the Yavra i improvements being much before the public at present, it occurs to me of what little avail the splendid and costly Alexandra Avenue is to the equestrian, cyclist, or promenader. In fact, iit is merely used as a short cut f rom the city to South Yarra and Toorak by business men in the morning and evening. For ihe rest of the day the three avenues for horsemen, cyclists, and pedestrians are scarcely used at all. The city loafer snoozes on the rustic seats among the floiwering shrubs and border plots. Sometimes a fagged vendor of tooth-ache cure or tapes and cottons drops her basket in this Rotten Row, and rests in a rockery niohe. Occasionally a couple siit in one of the Avenue lounges, holding hands and saying nothing in the manner of a certain class of lover whose sentiments go without expression. Once you would see the Countess of Hopetoun or Lady Brassey cantering over the tan of the drive. Sometimes other dashing horsewomen and riding novices would take a few turns in the avenue. Now it is deserted. and stretches out before the eye, glorious, but vacant. I wonder shall we ever have a bona fide Rotten Row here! Janet Lady Clarke returned froini New Zealand on Saturday. "Cliveden" will possibly 'be soon active in -startling the Winter gaieties. No hostess tries to eclipse Lady Claxke in entertaining. Tiie Tdoraik hostesses are. not envious of her hospitable laurels. Saturday was such a perfect du\and such a number of notable people were promised as a draw that the attendance for the Caulfield meeting was phenomenal. The terrace and lawn were alive with people, the stand crowded, the batting paddock a mass of bettors. The sunshine was delightful. Its glamor spread to all things. It is many years sincc a February meeting presented such a brilliant sight. ' There was one disappointment—Lady Nonthc-ote was not present. Tlxfe Vice- Regal party included some distinguished : visitors—Viscounts Lawishain and. Anson, and Colonel the Hon. Wenliam Coke. There were three aides in attendance 011 the -Governor-General. The dressing of i<he party engaged same attention. The •three visitors looked very racy in sac suits and small >boxevs, but the Excellency and -his staff were frock-coated, top-hatted, and gloved. The. dressing was of suninier in all smart instances. Only in rare cases were Autumn fashions advanced. The Committee enclosure contained the usual representative aflid 1 dressy party—Mrs. Herbert Pow^iv Mrs; Grice, Miss Grice, Miss Power, Sirs.: Dick Oasey, Mr». Robert Power, Mrs, Lloyd, and Miss Carter. Some other attractive figures were: Mrs. Ernest Raleigh, m ip'ale grey yoile and a rustic hatj set off witih rpink £soses. Mrs. W. Croker, in a handsome grey confection.; : Mns....T. iELogan, in golden yellow mou&elline- de-isoie; gown and rioh brown liat... j MrSi .McEvoy in dove grey and a Rornney; Juat. Mrs. Mutrray-Jones and Mrs; 'Jiack Fisher, in black and white. Mrsv ; Lempriea'e, in grey^ canv&S; M rs. Grinijwade, in black and violet. Miss Maud Jeffries, was again in grey— a softly gathered crepe-de-chine, with which was worn a large picture hat, and a flying.pink chiffon veil.- Mr. Osborne —'husband of the star—was the sportiest looking figure ; on the course. He wore loud checks—'the checks you fancy you can hear-—and a ibanged- about Panama .hat. Other Osbornes, including Mrs. Harry, the daughter of the Chief Justice, were in Miss Jeffries' party. Far Ynore remarkable than Viscounts or theatrical stalls were the English, couple, Captain and Mrs. Lewis-Hill. And thereby 'hangs a tale. The Captain is the fortunate mian wflio, last year, won the widow accounted the wealthiest woman in all England—'Mrs. Lewis. He is an .officer of the Guards, , and quite twenty-five years younger than the lady. At the races Mrs. Lewis-Hill wore a ficelle creation trimmed with a great quantity of real lace. Her pearls were superb; the;ife-rings alone represented thousands. : -A : necklet oif priceless value showed the lady's love of pearls further. A (blue race-coat was worn part of tihe day, wMch only served to accentuate tihe great size of the wearer. You may imagine how the extraordinary couple, showing such a disparity of years amd looks, and tastes, excited gossip. It had soon got aibout that in Mrs. Lewis- Hill one was gazing on a lady whose millions were the talk of Europe last year. It was my good fortune to be dining with a race-party at the Grand Hotel on Saiburday night. There I saw tihe visitor of the untold wealth ' leaving for the theatre." There hatd Ibeen a. private dinner party in the Lewis-Hill suite, and they made their exit for the theatre (where they had the manager's ibox at the "Royal Divorce") fat 9 o'clock.in such a froufrou and sparkle of gems that we were all paralysed. Then we busied ourselves, and learnit all that was to be told of the strange couple. They landed last Monday at the Grand, having 'been recommended there, by an English tourist. The valet, who is also avant courier .while travelling, had sent .word ahead for .their reception. A carriage (the -best turnout in the Metropolis) had met the party iat the station, and conveyed them to the -hosteVv. There a staff of servants followed. The best-suites, of course, <had been specially prepared. There the semi-royial party settled for the week. They asked the manager to arrange a programme of fishing, shooting, and driving, and Mr. Burgess met their wishes by planning three days of the (best sport to (be procured in this country. They left everything in Mr. Burgess' hands, and lie has arranged .the whole of their Tasmanian and New Zealand tour. In •fact, he has fixed them all up as far as their 'Frisco axrival, where their magnificent state of travelling /will proibably excite less curiosity than it occasioned here. :» They tell me that, unlike the usual order of exorbitantly rich (women, everything pleased and delighted Mrs. Lewis- Hill. Though in dress and matters generally of the toilette a certain loudness was noted, her manner was chailming. She liked the Metropolis, thought our theatres .beautiful, the people a fine type, our races great, and our country drives glorious. This is new. We are so accustomed to tihe tired rich, who decry everything in this country. The re-opening of the Knight-Jeffries co. for a short season has delighted Society. It's a strange thing that the fashionable theatre-goer did not like :to be harrowed by Miss Brume's tragic roles, yet turn up in numbers to hear Miss Jeffries. Is it that the latter star has •made herself a Social personality, and that Miss Brune shunned the circles'of ereaan? Or that the acting of Miss Jeffries is less emotional and appealing? Both reasons probably are to account for the rush of Society to the "Royal Divorce." Thackeray didn't (believe in having this feelings ihaiTowed in a shilling shocker, an)d iprolbably Society doesn't like tihe hdgih art of Miss Brune that calls for—in if act demands—'tears and melancholy. . IRIS. 