I LAND VICTIMS. During the last week the un certainty of economic existence surrounding the life of the ' man on the land ' was manifested in connection with the bush fires which waged so uncompromising a warfare with man and natare in the interior and even close on the skirts of the- metropolis. Hun dreds of people haye to-day to face absolute ruin, and must needs, for a time at least, fare at the board of charity. After years of hard battling against drought Btricken conditions the smaller settlers at least took- heart of grace consequent upon the favor able change in climatic conditions and looked hopefully forward to recoup themselves during the seasons following. However, that great destroyer, the .fire, fiend, swept down upon them, and codt. sumed, within a few hours the efforts of a life-time of whole families, driving them from the. homesteads as relentlessly as the English devils drove the IriBh peasants from their holdings dur ing the Irish evictions of a quar ter of a century back. Strange, it is though, that these very people who, like the man with* a house, have as much to gain from ' Socialism as the city factory worker, is its greatest opponent. At the best life on the land under capitalistic conditions is a bar baric one. What unremitting toil fails to accomplish isolation puts its finishing touch upon, and the struggling settler 'way hack goes through life as does the beast hitched to the plough he. guideB. From sunrise to sunset, —aye, hours beyoncl,— to work, to bed, from bed to field, year in and year out, so rolls his mono tonous life until the everlasting rest i - reached— -the rest; of the grave. The. yfoman, too., she, bears children and. slaves, the slave of a slave, and the children slave, for are they not the begot ten of slaves, begotten' in a con dition of slavery. What a- life,! Strange, too, thatthe.man on the land, both great a^d,, small, jump into the collective arms of the people for succour when either drought or fire is upon them t let, the sama, unfortunates be come affrighted at the mention .of the word Socialism, ajul are up in «rms at the first hint of the.State. going to the succour of the work less. Wherein liea the differ-' encs ? This, so far asthe capita list-minded landholder is con cerned, that by the State coming, to the workless workers' rescue the labor market becomes firmer, »ud a_h ighgr p.ri«B b.aft,to. be.paid_ for that commodity when itia' re quired^ And'thela^prer-? Hm- plight ia mpcfe Wfflye thpt; _of - i L the one-horse farmer. He has nowhere to settle, but must .needs take his worldly possessions on his back and tramp hither and thither in search of a. buyer ^ a»d when successful in his. mission ha is called upon to slave from the dawn of day right through into the dusk -*f qpe fog a pit tance. Worlfe *ot1r, tra»p, tramp, is the fate to which thou sands of our fellows are consigned under the capitalist mode of pro duction for profit. The little man cannot afford bo make the smallest provision against catastrophe or towards minimising its effects,. Eveiy aya#l^|bl(Bj i#-& of grodpo-. j tive aoii) cleared oust be mad» to carry crops of some description or other if he is to survive, and the idea of keeping a wide clearance around the selection by which the destructive effects, of bush fires might be minimised is out of the question. Under a planfpl system of production for social use and through the instrument tality of well-ordered and applied labor force the life of the man on the land could be made much I more tolerable thaH is now the case even with the best positioned of them, and, more, it being to the interest of every unit in the community that every precaution sbould be taken to guard against the destruction of the collective product, every effort would be put forward with that end in view, Thus ' The Annual Rnpoit of the New Zealand,' Department of Agriculture for the ending, July, 1904: ' The Lawrence-Kennedy milk ing machine has been in use since October last. It has been the source of great attraction and in terest has never flagged ; it has already brought about the instal lation of the machine with more than one dairy farmer. After the season's work it affords the great est pleasure to give the machine unqualified approval. Among the points that most commend themselves are : — (1) Keliability ; there have been no delays or breakdowns ; the machine oper ates with the greatest regularity. l2) It eliminates* the undesirable employment of children. (3) It effects a great economy in the number of milkers and in general cost of labor. (4) It warrantathe payment of higher wages to res ponsible. man. (5). Ib is. far more comfortable to the. cow. The animal almost always rumi nates while milking is proceeding. Kicking, restless cows remain more quiet when being milked with the machine than whpn.the operation is. being perfprmed, by. hand. (6) Sore and chapped teats are quickly healed. (7 ) The, average quantity of milk is cer tainly maintained. (8) Stripping is no more neceBBary than in hand-milking. (9) The process of milking is effected incompar ably more cleanly. (10) It will assure the safe investment of capi tal in the further development of dairying. Finally, it is effective, economical, and oleao. 'Any dairy farmer with a herd of 50 cowb should certainly instal a. milking machine.' The wage-alayps should, take, notq, that it effects a. great eco nomy, in their number ag milkexs and in general cost of labor, 