TABLE TALK Owners and trainers are reminded that nominations for tbe Opening and Foresters' Handicaps at the Boxing Day^meetin'g, close to-night at Ellis's Uub Hotel, at 9 p.m. Just opened a large consignment of electro plated ware, direct froji the manufacturers. We invite inspection. Dalton Bros, Limited * As Mr O. Hetberington, of Lewis Ponds, was riding past Brightman's Victoria Hotel yesterday afternoon hiff' horse shied, throwing him to the ground. Tne injured man was taken into the hotel; Dr. Fieyer was called in aud attended to the injuries, which consisted of slight concussion to the brain. Mr David Newton, who has been ill for sometime with consumption, baa now been compelled to tttke to his bed. The booths in connection with the Foresters' race meeting on Boxing Day have been disposed of, Mr H. Weekes, of the Metropolitan, having purchased the Stewards' Booth, and Mr P. Mallon, of the Central, the No. 2 booth ; and I,e8 R rs Could well Bros, the fruit stalls. Io reporting the Queen's School breaking-up (MissSweet, principal) we omitted to mention that the " examination prize" waR won by Miss Gladys Hole. This is a decided achievement, and we congratulate the young lady. The only daughter of the Rev. T. D. Dunstan (formerly Bector of Guyong) was killed at Wirths' circus, Warracknabeal, Vic., last Thursday night, by a tent pole falling on her; she was 14 years of age. Trout weighing from two to six lbs is being caught in the M'Laughlin River, Nimitybelle. Mr firidekirs, headmaster of the Molong Public School, has been presented with a silve-mounted walking stick on the occasion of tbe breaking-up. The dead body of a man named Hugh Arthur, was found near Parkes, in the Billabong Creek last week. Rabbits round Dubbo are reported to be dying from an epidemic disease. Coc-atooi and parrots are destroying the wheat crops round Peak Hill. . Beautiful patterns in Linoleums and Oilcloths arrived at the I.X.L. yesterday. Call and inspect them to-day.* The Molong district butter factory manufactured tons of butter for last month, aud paid suppliers £1057, the biggest supplier appropriating £124. At the Police" Court yesterday before Mr P. C. Weston, J.P., Wm. Rowe, 62, pleaded guilty to indecent behaviour in a street, and was fined 20s or 7 days hard labor. The Cave Creek Progress Assjciatfon will hold a special meeting at A. Mai Ion's,,ftave Ureek, on Wednesday at 8 p.m, for the purpose of forming a Bush Fire Brigade. All are invited to attend, both Ger man's Hill and Cave Creek. Telephonic communication being established between Oudal and Mr Keenan's homestead, Kee nan's Bridge: At the Summe-street railway crossing the stench caused by the overflow from the railway septic tank is something abominable .The East Orange Council has undertaken the work of abating the nuisance, but it is to be hoped that the authorities will immediately do the correct thing and abate it, Mr " JacV' Padey, son of our teemed townsman, Mr W. Padey, arrived in Sydney yesterday from 'Frisco, after an absence of 2 years, to visit bis parents. Messrs J. 8. Leeds and Co. advertise a special list of fat stock for Thursday next. Mr J. M.-Paul announses the sale of Mrs Haase'a stock-in-trade and fittings on Friday next; also, th«! sale of her furniture and effects at her store, Summer-st., East Orange, near railway gates. Messrs Bedford and Taylor further advise owners to send forward any likely horses they have, for their extensive sale on Thursday next. The resident? .living between the Forest and Batburst roads are requested to attend a meeting, to be beld at the Court House on Thursday next to form a bush-fire brigade. The Bowati Park Church of England folk call fpr tenders this issue fdr the erection of a church in that locality ; plans and . specifications at Beacom's, Orange. 