I District Notes. g; NEWLANDS: (From Our Own Correspondent.) ; Matters in this locality just at pre sent are decidedly active, but whether T car justly « -ascribe this condition of affairs to the good season, picnic parties, or bushfires, I know not, suffice it to mention that matters are awake, and fun is on ton. On the 4th the picnic at Manna Mounti in, mentioned by the Lach- lander's Wamboyne correspondent a few weeks ago took .place, and the participators as they climbed the rugged sides of the eminence and beheld the beautiful landscape unfolding itself in panoramic . splendour beneath them, marvelled at the omnipotence of Nature. | |On Nov. 8'h a surprise party was tendered to Miss Hills, the popular teacher of the Newlands Provisi nai School, by Mr and Mrs A. Shephard -if Glencoe (Moon hi), theoccasion beiny her birthday. Towards dusk a large gathering of toe friends of the -young ady foregathered at the comfortabl- md hospitable Glencoe homestead ii. response to Mrs Shcphiird'? kindly "ovj tat ions, Among the foremost were Mr and Mrs R. King, -He first friends of Miss Hills on her arrival from Sydney, and the couple who had made her at home among the Newland's folk . It was a veritable surprise party, Miss Hills not divining the true reaso- of the gathering till a unanimous wish was expressed of " many happy returns of the day." The host and hostess quickly made the guests at home and the evening was passed with singing, and playing games on the lawn in he moonlight. Later on supper was an- nnnnnun ond liarn uroo M hb lAvuiiuvVAj uiuu uwtg ' ceo lUia UllujLLaiU O culinary skill evidenced, The long nable running the length of the spacious dining room was laden with every des cription of comestible, while in the centre was a magnificent "double decker "birthday cake, tastefully iced and garlanded with red and white rose buds. Miss Hills, needless to say, occupied the seat opposite this beautiful j piece of confectionery. The dainty viands were discussed with zest, every one enjoying tbe spread, If that trite aphorism that actions are more ex pressive than words, has any real signi ficance then it is apparent that Miss Hills possesses the unbounded esteem of not merely her pupils, but by their parents as well. Miss Hills was the recipient, during the evening, of a number of presents, including a pretty gold brooch from MrsR and Miss Daisy . King, and a beautiful silver watch the gift of Mr and Mrs Shephard and I family. Accompanying Mr and Mrs i Shephard 's gift was a note couched in these terms "A token of .love from Mr and Mrs Shephard and family," hoping that you may be spared many years to use your time and talents in the Mas- | ter's service." The pleasani function, broke up at midnight, and after wishing Miss Hills all prosperity and thanking the generous host and hostess, the guests dispersed. On the 8th a hush fire broke out on Mr Leo Johnston's selection, but it was subdued in a short while. On Friday 10th it again broke out and is still going. What is necssary to check the flame is a good downpour of rain, and I earnestly hope that the elements will hurl themselves on this district in a few days. Mo3t of us out here have crnnrt nrtnrvr nn/i itrif n f no oLnnwmnl guuu auu yt avu vug auugiuiat growth of grass in our paddocks, a fire with even a slight breeze to fan itf must sweep everything to destruction. The outlook is serious, and a bush fire brigade would be the very thing out here. 