BTJSH FIRES. Further particulars of the damage done by tHe Four Bob and Bygaloree fires are as follow:— E. H. Clemson lost 300 acres crop, besides grass and fenc ing; W. H. Clemson, 100 acres; C. W. Clemson, 40 acres; R. J. Clemson, 20 acres: Geo. Knaggs, 60 acres; F. A. Miller, 120 acnes; John L'iston, 150 acres; Dun can Cameron, 80 acres; Jas. Dawson, 300 acres; H. Crouch and Son, 200 acres; Mrs. Campbell, 30 acres total, 1400 acres of wheat crop, estimated at 15 bushels to be worth £2900. In each case those losing the ?wheat crop lost heavily in grass and fencing. John Smith lost grass only. Mrs. Seamer's .crop was saved. W. F. Dawson losf 5000 acres of erass and fencing:. Between Bygaloree and Condobolin at least 400,000 acres of grass was burned, - Immense damage has been done to fencing, many miles being destroyed. It is reported that one can go from within 10 miles , of Condobolin to Hay without crossing a fence. One mail driver to the south of Condobolin. states that on his track there are usually 55 'gates. Now there are only two. There are no fences from Yalgogrin to within 10 miles of Condobolin.- These fires are now well under control, but the fire from the - direction of Herri Merrig.il was approaching -from the souili . west on Wednesday night near the south-western boundary of Miss McGregor's settlement lease, at Micabil, 20 miles from Condobolin. Further reports from the Melrose fire show that ?W. H. Chant's selection was swept, including the house. Other damage was confined to grass and fencing. Glengarrie was partly burned. No crops have been damaged in this direction. The fire is now well under control. The Melrose bush fire brigade did invaluable work, with the assistance of settlers and others from Boona, Mowabla, and North Condobolin Btations. A .large fire swept Carlisle run and Murrumbogie ? up^Jo the tin fields, and is burning fiercely at Mel rcse Plains, threatening the surrounding district. A. fire is alEO burning at the back of Bqrambil, going Forbes way. ? ' ' ' ... With short intervals the fires extended almost from Melrose to Yalgogrin, nearly 100 miles. The utmost vigilance is required to keep those under where mastery is now obtained. Fire also broke out on Tuesday in the vicinity of Derriwong mountain, east of Con dobolin. The local bush fire brigade met' at 8 o'clock on_ Wednesday morning and did excellent work, saving1 crops and large areas of grass. The fire did considerable damage to grass and fencing. It is reported that incendiarism has been attempted at Mowabla station, but without success. At a meeting of the trustees of the local cemetery on Wednesday night, the Mayor being in the chair, in was decided to form a working bee of townspeople to take steps to effectively guard the different por tions of the cemetery against fire by burning grass and ploughing- breaks. A meeting of farmers at Millwoci- Road decided to purchase a fire-pump and a tank, w*hich will be placed on a dray, and kept at a central spot ready for use. This project for dealing with fires is being taken up in various parts of the district by groups of settUrs. The various bush-fires throughout the Peak Hill district have been extinguished. No crops were des troyed, but many thousands o£ acres of grass were burnt. The rain, which has fallen around Mount Victoria; will do much good by putting out bush-fires. A fortunate incident was noted last week in regard to the fire on Mehose Plains— the same fire which swent Carlisle station, and did considerable damage at Murrumbogie. While the fire was raging and 50 men were at work, a quarter of an inch of rain fell in two- thunderstorms, one at midda3' and the other at 5 p.m. The rain completely cheeked the progress of the flames. Coolamon storekeepers have agreed to sell wooden matches only till February. Several minor outbreaks of bush fires have taken place near Corowa during, the past few days. On Wednesday last at Coreen 400 acres of crass and two acres of crop, the latter ownod by Mr. W. McGavin, were destr-?3red. Another outbreak in the samejoeality on' the following day occounted fo& a further area of grass country being destroyed. A large Ibush fire has been raging en Lo'ombah sta tion, Cumn'ock, and a considerable area ' of grass has been destroyed. . In the same locality T. Bruton was stripping , his wheat when the fire came. .He had only time to get the machinery from the paddock, when, luckily, Just as the fire reached the wheat the wiiid veered and the crop was saved. S. Keilly's wheat had a similar escape near Yeoval. A.M'Guire lost 20 acres of wheat. A bush fire broke out on Mickibri holding, near Alec town. Four thousand acres of grass were destroyed. It was owned by Messrs. Millgate, Pepper, . Draper, Miles, and Hclntyre. Eighty men were engaged in fighting the flames. Molong fire-fighters have found that the very best means by which fires may be fought is with 'beaters' formed of strips of greenhide, two or three feet long, and three-quarters of an inch wide, lashed' securely round a handle of convenient length. One stroke from such a beater is more effective than a dozen from a bough, which is usually used, and which rapidly wears or is burned away. On Saturday last tlie remains of the Bygalorie and Four Bob fire broke out, owing to a heavy wind rising. Tlie same afternoon the fire that came from Meirigal, and had burned through Miss McGregor's selection, doing some damage, also broke out afresh, burning^ easterly. When men were endeavouring to burn a trail to connect the two fires the wind sud denly changed, and blew with exeat violence from the south-west, in.the direction of Mr. William Rear don's wheat crop, Milby station. Despite the efforts . of willing workers .the fire got into the crop, and went with great rapidity through it. The crop consisted of 1000 acres; at least 800 acres were des troyed. It is doubtful whether the remainder is ? of much value. The crop was considered one of the finest in the district, and the loss is estimated at the least at £2000. The fire burned to within 20 yards, of the home stead, which was saved: Owing to a high wind, sparks and embers were carried, acriss. the creek to the Weefbah Estate, where the grass ignited several times, but was saved by the timely intervention of Mr. George Shipard, of Pine Grove, who, only that morning had 'brought out from Condobolin a pateilt fire extinguisher, and who galloped with it to Wee bali-. Two horses were burned at Milby. Mr. William Cardon had an exciting experience. 'When tlie wind changed to the south-west he with his sons, rode to the south end of the crop, but the fire, breaking over it,, forced them to retreat. He spurred his horse to the homestead, a mile away, and only beat the fire b' 100 yards. There were other exciting experiences. A Mallee horse arrived at the homestead, having had its saddle and bridle and the hair of its body, legs, and chest singed. ? Evidently the horse was tied up, and had broken away. On Saturday last the fire at Melrose Plains, which had been checked, again broke out, but it was got under yesterday. On the west side of the fire, there were 25 men working, altogether over 100 men were ?working. The fire at present is kept down, but the number of people available for the work i6 inadequate to cope with a fresh outbreak . Altogether about 100,000 acres of country has been burned, and much fencing destroyed. Carlisle stS# tion has been practically burned out. Much damage was done at Murrumbogie; alscr at Burra Burra and Meirose Plains. At Melrose Plains about 10,000 acres of country have been burned. No further reports have been received from Melrose or Deriwong. The weather the last few days has been very cool, and the nights almost cold. A bush fire broke out near Eugowra on Friday. All available hands went to the rescue, and managed to extinguish it. On Saturday, during a storm, the lightning set fire to a crop of wheat at Toogong-, destroying two acres. The rain that followed ex tinguished the flames. A violent storm passed over the Wellington dis trict on Saturday evening, - when 35 points of rain fell, putting out several grass fires in the district, from none of which, however, any serious damage has been reported. 