The Bush Fires. LARGE AREAS SWEPT. Scrubby Ranee, Monday. Our correspondent writes : — The fires are still raging in and around this part. Thousands of acres of grass which the five went around at first are now being burnt. I had the misfor tune to loose my horse paddock of 320 acres, , together with a valuable horse and 4£ miles o£ 6 and 8 wire fencing, and about 1800 acres of grass in another paddock. The fire is now burning around Conapaira Station and Meii Meragall on the Lachlan River. At last ac count they had lost 150,000 acres of grass and iv lot of sheep within a distance of 50 milr-s nnrt.li of Scrubby Range. - \- Sydney, Tuesday. Disastrous bushfiree have occurred intha Dubbo distriot. A very large area of coun try has deen swept by the flames, and tha farmers have in many instances suffered serious loss. The outbreak at Old Dubbo at one time threatened the whole wheat growing country as far as Geurie. AH the residents battled with the fire, but their efforts were almost fut'le, a scorch ing westerly wind carrying the flames be fore it. A change in the direction of the wind fortunately took place. Thousands of acres of crops and grass and '?' much fencing and other property were com pletely destroyed. Two of the fire-fighters were overcome by intense heat, and had a very narrow escape from being roasted alive. A momentary change of the wind enabled them to be carried off to a place of safety. Fires also occurred in Con do bolin, Parkes, Trangie, and other dis tricts. A fire on the Egelbra Station, in the Warren district, the property of Mr. H. E Kater, M.L.Cy destroyed over 7000 acres of grass. The fire reached within a mile of Warren before it was gob under control. A domestio servant in the employ of Mr. E. S. Antill, on Meramie Station, ad joining Egelbra was sent to the house of a settler close by to warn the inmates of their danger and advise them to come to the Meramie homestead for safety. The girl did not return, and on search being made her body was found in a creek. She had delivered the message to the settlers, and left in an excited, hysterical state. The girl, while in a demented state, had apparently lam down in the shallow wator of the oreek, and drowned herself. 