Stewart's River (From Our Correspondent.) 7th Nov. Saturday last is a day that will well be remembered by many of the resi- dents on the river, it being one valley of smoke and fire. The fire had been burning for a couple of days on the hill side, and on Saturday the wind came in from tbe south-west bringing it down on to the river bed where a large area of brush timber had been felled, when this became ignited it raged with terrific force. Mr. S. Redman is a great loser on this ac- count, as the fire swept through his brush which had only been down a short time. Mr. John Royan's brush was the next to go, as this had been down for a couple of months it gave the fire a good chance which devasted eveything before it, the fences and herbage was totally destroyed. His house had a miraculous escape. Every effort was put forth to fight the flames, his wife and children had to make their escape to Mr. James Royan's lower down the river. Mr. T. Royan had also a trying time the wind having chopped round brought the full force of the fire on to his dwelling which is situated on the upper side, the number of dead trees standing the tops of which caught fire enhanced the danger which showered sparks on the house. There was only himself and Mrs. Royan to combat the flames which raged furiously, hundreds of separate fires surrounded the homestead. Fly- ing sparks and burning bark had to be constantly slouched with water which luckily was available in tanks close by. By perseverance the build- ings were saved but about fifty panels of fencing was completely destroyed. Mr. Lill and Mr. James Royan also lost considerably. On the north side of the river about a mile further down Mr. P. McGovern's brush caught, this also had been felled for some time and a large area, it was feared by those in the vicinity that this would cause trouble, the wind at the time was blowing down the river at half a gale, the fire ignited about the middle of the brush, and as Mr. W. Cross's resi- dence was quite close to the lower end, Messrs. Cross and McGovern feared there was nothing to save it, consider- ing the rate and rage of the fire, so they determined to light at the lower end to let the fire work back, this was done and it took 15 willing hands and stout hearts to combat the demon, and od, on come the fire tremendous force, lighting the heads of tbe trees in its route, all hopes of saving the dwelling were given up when the wind chopped round from the east. Nothing else could have saved tbe buildings which would have taken hundreds of pounds to replace. It is pleasing that we have not to chronicle the loss of any lives or dwellings, but the destruction in other channels such as fencing and grass would be difficult to estimate. In a district such as this where dairy- ing and loghauling is the chief means of livlihood it will be understood what direful results these conflagrations have occasioned. Traffic was suspended on the Upper Stewarts River and Camden Haven roads from Saturday until Tuesday evening, numerous trees having fallen across tbe roads causing great incon- venience to the travelling public. As there is no permanent maintenance man stationed on these roads, it would be advisable for those having occasion to travel this way to come prepared. A permanent maintenance man is sadly needed on these parts. 