Destructive Bushfire. Apropos of the recent outbreak at Karramomus, when many miles of fencing and 18,000 acres of grass were demolished, we cull the following from our Shepparton contemporary, The Advertiser:— "The most destructive fire appears to have been that which, starting at Karramomus, at a point about seven or eight miles distant from Shepparton, reached the township of Miepoll and swept along until its progress was checked by the three chain road to Violet Town, and it was partly subdued by the falling rain. In the south east corner of Mr Newnham's paddock, abutting on the Union road, the fire first started about 1 o'clock on Saturday afternoon, close to where some rabbit trappers had been at work. Some men engaged on a chaff cutter at S. Young's farm close by noticed the grass alight, and they made desperate efforts to prevent the fire spreading, but without avail. During Saturday afternoon the fierce wind drove the fire over about 12 miles of country, sweeping grass and fencing before it. Most of the fences in that district were chock and log and post and wire, and it is possible now to ride from where the fire started at least eight or ten miles in a south-easterly direction without having to cross a fence. The Euroa Shire lost about eight culverts in the blaze. Fortunately, not a homestead was destroyed, although some had wonderful escapes. The fire burned right round the houses of Messrs P. Hayes,T. Kelly, Metzke, J. Harrington, D Runciman, Fitzgerald, and Watterson, and only heroic work saved them. Gollan's stacks and house, the Tamleugh school, and numbers of other places had narrow escapes. The heaviest loser was Mr J. P. Harrington, who had six miles of fencing, 30 tons of hay, 150 tons of oaten straw, 30 bags of wheat, 50 bags of oats, a reaper and binder, 10 sets of harness, and a lot of other things burned. He roughly estimates his loss at £300: his neighbors say it is nearer £500. The family had a terrible time during the fire, as the stacks were only about 50 or 60 yards from the house, and they blazed the whole of Saturday night. The fence was burned up to within a few inches of the house. Mr T. Kelly was another heavy loser, losing his stacks and outbuildings. Mr E. Danaher also lost heavily in hay and chaff. In these cases the unfortunate people were left without a feed for their horses. The people affected are for the most part only struggling agriculturists, with very poor land. Among those who lost fencing, grass, etc., were Messrs Ick Bros., Harrington (2), E. Danaher, T. and P. Kelly, Hamilton, Palmer, G. Sayers, M. Lowry, P. Hayes, Connors, Fitzgerald, Barry, Metzke, Sullivan, Moynihan, Watterson, Jacka, M'Nay, Gollan, M'Burney, Lewis, Nagle, Towns, Knight, and H. Wilkinson." 