SWEETHEART'S BROTHER By G. B. LANCASTER. "Are," raid Donal, blowing smoke down his grizzled beard. "J'nist sae! Red's your colour. It sets ye fine, Sweetheart." Sweetheart jerked the scarlet riband out of her golden-brown mane, and cast it j down the verandah steps. "You said the blue suited me best/' she j cried. * "And the yellow. And the pink, j too! J "Sae they did/' said Donal serenely. "I, should wear them a' gin I wis yersel, Sweetheart." Charlie giggled irreverently. He was ] asked no questions on delicate matters since the day he called Sweetheart's eyes] magenta. "What do you say, Verrian?" he sug-] gested. Over the red of his pipe-dottel Verrian I was watching the girl in silence. More or less he had watched her—and in silence— these sixteen years past, since she came to Mvalong on Charlie's saddle-bow, and Charlie dropped her, a half- charred bundle of flannel frock, into the housekeeper's arms, saying— "We'll get what's left of her folk when the bush-fire is done. That'll tell her name, perhaps—unless you can find any brand on her suit, Mrs. Moody." But Mrs. Moody had found no mark whatsoever; and it had taken the sixteen years for the three partners of Myalong to j discover Sweetheart's one relation, and to order him up to the station straight away that he might see his sister. By careful calculation and a balancing of the rapidity of Sydney postal arrangements against those of "up-country," Charlie had decided that the brother should arrive this night, and he had sent Murdoch and the gig the thirty-seven miles to the township to meet him. Sweetheart was torn all ways with ex-] citoment and laughter and tears. "Yerry would give me a boot-laoe," she said, shaking the loose waves back from her brilliant young face. "He doesn't know what it is to be going to see the only relation he's got in all the world." Donal twisted sideways, felt in six baggy pockets, fished out a long tail of brown horsehair, and waved it at Sweetheart. "Aye, awcel; it's gude tlieer is aDe as reads fashion notes o' times. Tak that, lassie, an' dae ye're hair oop like it wis ower a stock-yaird fence, as the leddy's paipers show ye." Sweetheart took the thing, and turned it about in slim hands. "Do you think " She hesitated;'and then Verrian flung down his paper and stood up, scattering jasmine flowers over her as his shoulder shook the stfcpis. "Do you think he'd like me better if I put on my top hat and spats?" he said. "And Donal might wear his coat inside out -there are nine colours in the lining. Don't start that silly racket, Sweetheart. Be your own self, dear; and if he isn't content with that I'll chuck him in the dam." Far out, beyond the patch of mulga rim ming the slope, beyond the old dam with its smears of green slime on the concrete, and beyond tne double gates that gave from the homestead to the long, long, grey road, the clack of hoofs sounded sharp on the drought-dried underway. Sweetheart caught lier breath with a sob, and her hands went out blindly. "Veiry, he's coming! Oh. boys, if he] doesn't like me—my brother—" Charlie lifted his heavy bulk from the cane chair, and his wrinkled, kind face was troubled 'It's all right, dearie. We'll make him like you. We're three to one, anyway-^ Where the deuce has she gone?" "To hide somewhere, I reckon," said Ver rian, pulling at bis pipe unevenly. "We will go down ati<i meet Him at the gate, Charlie.] You think lie's sure to come?" U UIIUA 1|C f> 0UIC lAI .UllUCi { • ! '1 told Chaslin to send him—and Chaslin isn't a lawyer for nothing. HaJio, Mur-I docb!" . ! Murdoch swung to the gate arid stopped. And beside him the gig-seat lay hare to the moonlight. The three loosed fifteen ques tions on him. Murdoch mopped his face and pushed back his felt hat. "It's a dom hot, night," he said. "JSfl, there was nabody in the toonship fur Mya I e'en lat him go .again." \\*7 /Tetters/'.said Verrian. "Where's the post-bag? " Perhaps he's coming /next week." There, was a letter in Gha&h;'e hand. — m Seeretly they .opened it in the mrow of likht from thri JpfehgR/iriudow. Charlie thi»iigte:;/||^ii ]he looked up, his pne J|o han't 'I* true," J$d| "Donal-—■' ' , ... But Jfchal was snar sheet. Thewhe dasl Ilanguagethat -made V 1 into the' griiS^uhf" hear you? . What's -wrong? Can't speak, you felloe?" f j0u Both spoke at tfnce, and Verrian EatW.v„a information as he might. ® "Chaslin says he's impossible.' ,\n> what like topymeaeuremicht Chaslin \X<L I tae ken a.mon by?" "A vulgar, lou-down bullock-driver, and drunk at that." ' l)0d aye; much Chaslin kens o' di-ink that winna even tak milk wi' a head tae't." "He said he used hie own discretion, and gave 110 in formation that the man could follow \m " "Follow oop! JVla oertie! Gin that drunken fule cam ayfter oor Sweetheart I'd pit the stock-whup tae him." "Sweetheart's brother," said Verr-'an "Sweetheart's brother! Oh, just Heaven i What are we to tell her?" e ■ •flt'Il break her heart," said Charlie, shakily. I can t tell her—our little girl " | Donal snorted/ blowing his nose with de icision. I "Losh, mon: what .air ye kitterin' ahoot' | We're up goin tae- tell her! - We'll joist tell ;her—aye, we'll joist tell her ony lie that cooms handy, an. fin' away oot somehow." ( "There is no Way out of a lie," said Ver Kan. "Gin ye hae imagination there's thurrfy ways- Gin ye hae not ye're a fule. Aye— weel—she's coomin'. Air ye gaein' tae leave it tae me?" . They left it, without reservations. And Donal went forward io the shrinking, slim figure with the cotton frodr, and the shv, wide eyes. "Deed, then, lassie" he said promptly "ye'll he nrood tae near the fuss an ali they're makin' o' ye're hrither awa tae Svd ney. A dinner an' a receeption—no Ws— when the word went ihai he wis tae gang awa. Sae ye'll hae tae wait till next week, Sweetheart. Losh, the lad wull hae lots tae tell ye, forbye." "Next week!" said Sweetheart, her hands on his breast, "Oh, are you sure?" "Aye, sure. And I'll get ye some ribands frac Goondi, sua lassie. Ah; it's wed tae hev a hrither 'at a' the warld maks much o'." Kext night the three men faced each other under the white-holed peppermint, beyond the dam. Donal was dauntless; but stress had loosened the supports of the two already. "She is counting the seconds and the minutes," said , Verrian^-^Boad, I shall wring yonr neck whea^lhPiWyck's out." "Why did we him?" said Charlie. "IwJtJwMun^iison give his address, and newdnaay wbiphe .was like? Why—?" ™ ^ ' "Why wis; ble wi' a twel ye smell it d| oot spmewhl jalouon'." "We can't,riN^d^ifig»^r "We can t— though l'dTlie my*WW*fiut for her sake, the childle." _ The chance to prove this came to Charlie on the morrow, and he took it. At the mid dav he rode out beyond the patch of sallee bush, that breaks the great nakedness of the billowing terraces above Poisonous Gully. Under a low, scraggy wattle, with its fluff-balls bleached white with the sun, a man sat on his swag cutting tobacco. He heard the lope of the long canter through tlic 11 j iithe man pushed back '''i i.-li.showing a white forehead to his feet with a shout/ Jbovc ' l l!' l,'m of "IS face' ''.Any "I;| 1"'.'thin ten miles?'' he said. I "/ tan i i )",r boots. All you squatters' ,?k an eve i"i- •'» eye; but 1 ta darned if ij would"/ ^.ye y«" a couple lor something to covet-1 . L was raw below the burst U7\,..1 nv■" underlay the tone, that was ./.nl ■ 11111 1 . . t '_ Ii\n)fini« t i-inn j.vht" re'-klcss as h'is good-looking face. I Sat lie ra'-iM-d himself with the easy swing! weiJ-lioiii Australiapbreed, and there! rf!!lC>!miii.ur in the bold blue eyes. A u* liHiiinUl* J11 IUC WUIU vjvo. ** ffaF 1 « vii.-k Charlie with a swiftness that " j i He leant forward in the made him e^\Vi!;k'> your name?" he said. "Hlv friend. if you expect a chap to carry j i.i?* olii>i«.;ned name round on the track 1 ...Mt'll lVL ll'ld, You can call me Dick if you j l^fr' i,-„ilier"s name was Dick," said] Charlie, in reverential amaze. "That set-, tic* it. "Doe? ii? All right, old chap, I'm agree able. J* i hero a station " • "1*011 0)0 a gentleman/' said Charlie gravely • ^ my toeB >?o 1 should' give"'a voucher for more than! £m7em nmmcnt, I assure you. '•'lean ; that vou are a gentleman," said Cliaiiie. Then lie dropped the^reins on the; cob s nook, and spoke straight from his sim ijje chivaii'""'1 soul. "t-11c is our Sweetheart, you see/' he A,1 - \ n,i we love her dearly. I think j it will break her heart—one brother is as : kwl -is -m.-riier—better, for you are .a gen-i tjemau. .Mid you need only stay a week// 1 Dick dug in I be dust with his toe, and his eves were Ir.'Meu. "Mv innoeciil old joker," he said slowly. "Do you in i be least know what you are talking aboii;' "Ii i? quii" simple. I'll carry that lie on my eniise.en'O willingly—for Sweetheart. \hd it will only be a week—not long enough for her to be d isappoiuted." "Tl1.1t scorpion has the sting in his tail all light! Well—I'm game to Jackie it, if vou are! , ,nder how long it JS since you came out Arcadia, eh? And if you've got anything wet in that flask?" Just he,"ore' dinner Charlie sought his two nitner? on t lie cool darks.of the verandah. pni'tneis on i in: ""i f""."! ^• His bind- -pread Ins coat-tads peacock wise. and id- face shone with pure satisfac ^Tvo found a brother for "Sweetheart," he sni'l. Don,ibi brushed pipe-ash from his beard. "Dod. -he'll be weel aff," he said dryly. "I hue .-out across tae Corim for ma nephew A if. He'll dootless be here the week-end gin he gats the letter." rlVhatV What? Man alive; you can't. I tell you I've got one." •! he.'rd ye. Mayhap Alf will hear ye nwa iac' m iui. But gin be doesna' he wull be here this w eek-end, I'm thinkin'." , "Well, you must just tell him that there's a -lump in brothers. We don't want him for that." . ... .* J "Gin lie sees her before I dae theer wullj lie trihble. I 'm ialousin'.. Weel, they can .iuist iiclu ir oot theerselves. Alf, he's a Toui'tie an' a knowledge' usin' it. Sae it's a' rieht.'* ' 3.'! Here Charlie' said J^^WAtOTecipherable thing?, and Yerriau,kuig|i^ Until he'ehoked on the smoke, his eyes. . z'-* ■ v? *J; , ■ * ".sirikes me you're Itytftrin/the s6up,"rJUe s.,:d. "Where's jour Sttimt him off in ilie huts re! of him in iho morning,r And"yiiu must keep your ev«> -binned Tor^our/esphewv keep your ero -limned for poivil. V.'im; made either df yop^liink of mcii a rotten :iiiiig?" ' •z'Mir: i-\ "1 can't send him to the my room. >weetheart ta»w9kem^nfc 1 lokl lie!-. She's waiting." "Wh.i;( barlie quailed be^rp/¥er I'iau's eyes. - ■ a-- . •' 'I'vA*-®;" "liV .*,11 right: I can attswer fpr^iim." "An-v i r f,,r liiml A tramp y®" picked off ilu-1i-.i.-k? What? A gentleman; No genii,:j,.:i would lend ilimself To such a br "V ■get. youi-self, Vert^an." Charlie vim ill t i,■ -io„p from his shoulders. "It i< a ;,ei :,- . feasible and.aimple plan. And —and-anvnay, we couldn't go back on the cirlie Ji's all Donal's fault, too. lie shou; i never have told her—" "On, -r.,•: pit it, a' ontae me! It'll be for mo i.10 be iellirr lier mair yit befurc all's dune in . J'm ihinkin*. Theer's tbe gong. ira4^tl,c^udfn'?''1,e brUher Wi'the mcat' • wi" the pu I In tJie full glare of the diningroom lights 1 Sweetheart caught at Verrian's arm. I "Verry," she gasped. "Did you know? I He's come! tT tolih? » °u> Xm'y> 1 don't know how to behave to a brother! I'm frightened." X^lia,?!8,.b?ar,L "id. "So am I." But! Donal clinched the matter cheerfully n be -!',ae mail' practice uc nti« iimir practice) than yersel, lassie? Faith, ye wull baithj be clumsy at it. Yc'l! juist treat him gin ■ he wis a ordinair mon. 1 beer's nac need lor I IrWnt. » kisses.' He chuckled wickedly at Verrian's face.. Sweetheart's cheeks glowed. "Oh, no, no! I never thought—" Then two black figures lilnolrnH :l — 1 ^ onl>- D?™i, tc — -— • » •>«o "iii> jjuiiai, io whom the half-inch of blue sock told that Charlie s best trousers had not met all re quirements. .Five minutes slid the whole affair on well oiled bearings'. Above all things this swag ger with the lame foot possessed tact and observation, and a purely demonish clever ness that only Vcrrian had the wit to see. Sweetheart's shyness was pricked to a free speeched delight, and Donal enjoyed himself considerably. "Dod," he muttered once and again, "Thecr'll be red-hit talk when Alf turns oop, I shouldna doobt. But Vcr-j rian wull hev the-throat oot o' this ane befure that day. Sae that wull leave a clear field for Alf—gin he lies the wit tae coom tae his auld uncle for help." , The trustful, God-giveu spirit of a eliild was Charlie's birthright, ana no fears shook it as he made his little courtly speeches, and told his simple, pointless jokes, and kissed Sweetheart good- night many, many •times, with a tenderness that dimmed his eyes. Sweetheart halted a moment in the dark by Verrian's chair, and her light hands on his forehead kept him down. "Verry," she whispered, "you remember when you taught me to say my prayers?" "Yes." Memory of that little white barefooted figure hurt him badly. "I've prayed for a brother "ever since then. Verry—God is good to me. Good night, dear old boy." Verrian heard her give good-night to Dick. Then he turned, meeting the bold blue eyes in the lamp light. "I wonder what is likely to be adequate payment for what you have done to night?" lie said. Dick jingled some loose coin in liis trouser pockets. "Ten pounds down and a week's free feed. Also the exact kind of sister I'd have chosen if I could have taken my pick." From the light, insolent laugh Verrian turned away with a heart full of disgust and liate. "And yet—to tell her would be harder than letting her believe this," he said. It was a strange week for the men on Myalong, and a strange week for Sweet heart, too. Now only, in all her years, she felt the flush of young life near her own. Dick, too, loved the silly, daring, delightful things that thinner blood condemns. Did; loved the long gallops over the plains, the stray jumps at an old chock-and-log. Did; loved the paddling on the dam in the rer afterglow, though the boat was leaky an< one oar half-length. And if Dick loved stil better to watch the slim girl-figure and th< laughing face amid the bright tumbled hair it was only Verrian guessed at this And he had no power. Charlie gave to th< swagger's charm without apology, am Sweetheart Bgreed with him to the hilt. "There has never been anyone who eouh tell such wonderful stories, she said. "J think he's been everywhere—nearly. Oh Charlie, I'm so proud of him, you know. ] can't help being proud of him, can I': "No, no," said Charlie; "of, course not dear." And he chewed the ends of his mou stache, and wriggled uneasily, wondering how many heavens would fall when Donal'* nephew came to Myalong. Hut the week's end brought no one to break the peacg; and when Sweetheart frankly refused to part with her broilier. Charlie gave in meekly, and met Donal's storm with bent shoulders. Verrian said nothing. He dreaded the end of this beyond words. But Donal never had any thoughts beyond words. "Gin Alf turrns oripp. an' fin's that Dick here, I'm tbinkin' I'll be sweer for ye, Chairlie. Dick wud hae na mairey on his ain body an' it angered him, an' div ye no think but he'H rie ye awa tae Sweetheart on all coonts? Kic-k him oot, an' then theer's noeht lef' fcae tell nnefhing . . . well, gin ye wull no kick him oot, ye can gang, ye're Jane tae perdeetion. I'm set tin' right/' Donal continued to sit tight, and the days dropped behind, one by one: eqcli glorious with sunlight on the wide plains and salt bush downs; each beautiful and tender with long, dewless evenings of a golden full moon, cut across now and again by a wedge of black swan, calling, calling, until the trail died out on the far skv. Sweetheart ripened in these days of greater happiness than she guessed at; and the third week closed on the midday that brought Dick seeking Verrian, where lie skinned a sheep on the rise behind the house. The day was breathless with heat, aud the dket of it was wet on Verrian's fore head. He tugged at the skin unheeding; though the quick rustle ou the young brac ken and the waft of tobacco, blown across the scent of wattle, told him all he wanted to know—and more. Dick watched the stooping man with the gay laugh gone from the face that had changed in these latter days. But his voice held the impudent ring as he spoke, "It might please you to know tbafc I've just been giving myself notice to quit. I'm going in the morning." Verrian stood up, shaking blood from his hands. His eyes were bard. / "It would have pleased me belter to have heard that three weeks ago." "Don't doubt it. I—thought the game would be worth the candle, but . . . will it please you better still to bear that the candle was'a lighted one, and I've burnt ray fingers?" 'You mean ?" Verrian's breath came thickly. - ", , "I mean that no man could see her day by day, as. I've done, and. not love her, . ., I mean that she's taught me to see what this might look like to—you. for instance, and, as I "can't make a clean breast and apologise tb her,' I must just clear out, and pay the piper myself." "Wbut do .the others say?" asked Ver rian. \- Dick laughed unsteadily. , "Guess the stock of common-sense ran out the yuar they were born. That old bald headed chpiubsuggested that I should tell licr ttit& wiiole thing, Dpes he think I oOUid ever lookat those eyes of hers again, if E4idff<^^DohaFTsaye the three of you have done without love, and surely the one of me cab- Whcn l.Bald lhat was beside the mark, he owned that, perhaps, we'd all made a miptakc'.? A iinwtekc! Don't yap think the RecordingAngeJ wiH call it by a heavier name?" . v ./Why have you come to me?" -rfuttas "wbb'tf.hdiv But you didn't W'4twi^wiilj1']|M give me \- - more words, and the beat of the day rolled on, and the beginning of the end came at sunset, with a light trap that bumped over the unmade roads, carrying a soft, town built youth beside the driver. The three partners' of Myalong did not know of this for a full quarter-hour. Then K„ 1 - ■ • - ■ c:,..„„4i Mua' ici-iiour. .men tlril '-11' W131^ ,4 ou^ Pf the gum-scrub J that ran at the bottom of the garden, and the soft, town-bred youth was grinning weakly beside her. Charlie was pottering among his roses with a water-can, and Yer rir.n, his half-looped stockwhip trailing, came across from the stables. But Donal looked up from the striking of a match down a white peppcrmiut-bole, and saw. "Losh, mon," he muttered. "It is the hail o' i'haraok's Airmy wull be ihtae this, I'm reckonin'. I hanna seed that i' Sweet leart's pen .ilVo*/* " heart's een afore.' "Donal," said Sweetheart, and the wrath of her face edged her words. "iSend this man round to the huts. Send him away, or I'll loose the dogs on him. He says ne is my brother! Mv brother! Where is Dick? He will teach this—this who is my brother!" The youth tittered feebly, and Donal rubbed his nose, staring from one to the other. i he?" he said. "Aye, J wonner wull tic. Weel, atweel; ye're a gey lucky lass tae coom across twa. brithers, Sweetheart, when ye liae bin all these years wi' nane." Don't be stupid," said Sweetheart, and stamped her foot. "This man is a—a story teller. You know I have only one brother." "Mayhap they wes juist twa halves," said Donal, in sudden inspiration. "Aye;-that wull juist be it, lassie. Twa half-brithers; him an' Dick. That wes what we meant when we said ye had ane brilhcr. Wisna that it, All?" He gripped his strong hand on the narrow shoulder that shook under the touch, and pushed his grizzled beard near the pale ear. "Speak oop, ye sumph, can't ve? Wud ye hae ye're auld uncle branded a liar? A If-—" "Send him away," said Sweetheart roy ally. "Donal, how dare you touch him ex cept with your boot? He said Dick was not my brother. A half-brother! I wouldn't have him if you divided him into—into vul gar fractions, andhe couldn't be aov other sort. Charlie—Yerry—come here! * Donal says " All the cowardice in Charlie was on top;! but a desperation brought Yerrian to mark time. If Sweetheart had not been very dear to these men there would have been no tragedy in the litile group that Dick saw on the gravel walk when he stayed his steps on the verandah-edge, with a "sudden tigh tening of his heart-strings. "Heaven, ha' mercy," lie said, "did I de serve this! Well " and he walked down straightway to take his punishment. Charlie was rubbing his bald head over with his suioking-cap, and every line of his old face was quivering. "Dick," he cried, and swung round at Dick's tread. "Dick, my dear lad. Tor God's sake—you won't let her thiuk we've been deceiving her—: "Alt' hes broelit all the credeentials 'at Dic-k did," said Donal. deliberately. "Wud vc pit me doon as a leear. .t-weetheart—or Chairlie?" "Dick!" cried Sweetheart: and anger ran out of her eyes before tears that made Yer rian bite his lip and turn away. "Faith, lassie; triblcs never coom sinj an' ye'll tin' a brither ninir iribble ye're thinkin' yet. viae juist tak the pairytS^ them, an' say ye're grace befure moat, vyff the wants o' ichers air supplied om dantly as ye're ain " k f' "Dick," cried Sweetheart. putunfe oat her" hands blindly. ' \ But Dick did not move, and Donal 'tkvusF the youth's flabby bauds into t!re-j!>,ut-,. stretched ones. "Speak tae her, ye fleerin'. fallin' sack, canna ye? Ma certie! I'll straighten ye oop ayfter ' ihis!—aye, wull. 1!—wi' a rope's end." Dick stepped between, shouldering the others away. His voice was steady, and he did not touch Sweetheart. "There is nothing to be frightened of," he said. "He is not your"" brother, Sweet heart." "Ask him tae gie ye chaipter an' verse for that," cried Donal. "Mon, yc made me tell lies at the beginniti' of a', an' wud ye hae me carr' the lot o' ye oot o' the mud noo? My faith, I'm gaeiiV lae hae ma am fling, an' gin 1 canna wiggle ma tongue wT ouy mon o' ye a' " ■ , "There is no need," said Dick quietly. "Sweetheart, he is not your brother, and 1 am not your brother, either." Sweetheart's hands fell to her sides, and it was Dick alone who dared meet her eyes. "1 lied to vou," said Dick; "and 1 lied to them. I was sick of tramping, and the chance seemed loo good to miss. There is no excuse to make, and 1 am not going to insult you bv attempting it. But J. have learnt the name of the highest tiling that a man lives for, and I've learnt that I win never have it. That's the biggest punish; nient a man has on this earth. 1 take it. It I have hurt you, perhaps you will be glad to know that 1 have hurt myseli as well. "Dick," cried Sweetheart piteously. ' L —never wanted to hurt you." Then she never ... turned and fled from them; down to-the creek, over the little bridge, and up the hill into the gum-scrub beyond. Dick looked at the others with his eyes contracting. He had forgotten them. "I have cleared your names, I think," he said. ".Now you will let me go, please. And perhaps the other brother had better come along, too. It is not wise to do things by halves." "It isna." said Donal grimly. "An' gin I'd kenned what ye was like, ye wimbly white faced thing wi' no the tongue o' a broke brace-buckle I'm doiumed gin I wouldna hae barked oop Dick's tree frae the be gtnnin." "You will let me go," said Dick again. "I hare nothing to.pack. I'll just go aud change—but I am afraid I must beg some boofs— Charlie stumbled blindly as he followed the .quick, firm tread over the gravel and into the house. Donal gripped his nephew by the eollar. "Ye figure-head,"lie bawled. "Gin I cauna show yh—But Yerrian waited for no more. The lore that he bore Sweetheart was Hie love Dick carried in his heart, and its understanding drove him up the hill and through the gum-scrub until Tie found her. Twelve minutes later lie came into Dick's nn. "(Jet back into those duds of Charlie's, and go to Sweetheart," he said curtly. "You 11 find her under the black wattle by the spur," The,reil ran into Dick's -forehead as lie stood up. "Do you third; -that I'm the all of a brutef he said." riOrare you a bigger fool than Donal?" "Any special reason why you shouldn't go t0"}fo' I've not dene a shady thing before, But I'd do another if I saw lien. I a tell hei (-that I loved hei'r——" |- Yerrian puthifi liatijl on the broad shoul def, and: the- riyo man -who loved Sweet' \- . ' -J—' >•»->!. otlier. think you will be able to make her glad that you are not her brother, Dick. Yes; I wouldn't have said that yesterday, but the tide of life is too strong for us sometimes. It's for you to comfort her—not anyone else." . "I tellit ye we'd fin' a way oot," said Donal that evening. "An' marryin' is a vera fair way at all—aye, vera fair." Verrian laughed, looking out to the lonely horizon. "You've never sought that way for your self," he said. Donal stretched a right hand and a left to his partners. "Atweel," he said, "F wouldna tak' that medicine whiles I could fin' anither. For theer's na emetic for it gin ye taste the pison by an' bye." 