Oao T&iag; tm& Aaottwr. Cautioni , . Porsons^whcn inivulliii}? should exorcise onre iri tho use of drinking water. As a safe guard it )b urged tlmi ovory traveller secure a bottle o£'Oh:imhcrlnin's Coloic, Gholora and '.Ditirrboea and Uumedy boforo leaving home , to bo-cnr. lOd 111 the hit mi hiqgage. This may | Srevent distressing sickness. and annoying • o ay. Sold by ti o t'eder 1 Grocery Co., ( Ecliucaand Moama ■ Oliver' Biill, niied ei'jltfc ..yoars, youngest son d( Mr. anil :v1 ■ .■■. Hi ni v Unil, nf Utili, Iiikes."(Vic.).■ iih- liii't 1 ii> death by drowning. Tint cliid hurtlinen given pel uii.-moii to go' tn a neighbour'*. house to play with some companions of lus own ago. They went off to a waterliole some diatanco from the house, on which were si»yei'aVwild ducks. Thinking tliey could catolr them, thoy un dressed and ran into the water, chasing tho ducks. Oliver got out of. hia depth, and when aKMistance arivcd lifejvas found to be extinct. Digest What You Eat. The reus .K: w.-iv anv wlioiesae food is not proptvly c.ii> .siimI .» b. o.iuso the .-t, mach lacks some import ut clem- nt of digestion, bouio stomachs lark i.eptone, othoi-s arc.de ficient.in gastric juice or hydrochloric acid. The ono tiling, necessary in any case of poor digestion is to supply those digestive olc ' nn'nts whithstoninch and noihiiiu'. doe? this so horou;jhly aucl t.a,Coly as Dr. Sheldon's Digestive Tubules.'. They oigest ■what you eat, thus giving the stomach a reBt and assistance until it is re.-torod to its nor mal action and vigor. For sale by Dickson nd Kerr, Kchunn. It was thought, after the promises made by the delegates ivprosunting tho late Gipps Iand coal st.rikerK when . interviewing the Premier on t lie oeCHston of his recent viait ti few wi i k« iigo.: " tint nil enmity would he hurled," iiud t,h»t the liiiiev feeling oxisting bet,weei{ unionists and free laborers would lie a thing of fclio piu-t. Such is not the case. It hug bevii revived. On Wednesday last the malinger of tho Jumhunna inino found it necessary lo stop the tokens of two ex etrikers, and the prospects of other ex strikers being taken on aro very gloomy. Hunger is a Good Sauce. When you do not have hunger as a sauce for your food, try Chambui'Uin's stomach and Liver Tablets. They c eanse and in vigorate the stomach and {,'ive a relish for the food, as no other preparation cad hey are easy to take, pleasant in uffeefc and are just •what you need. For sale by the Federal Grocery Coy, ehuca and Alouma. When the toUIisjttor was jiurhnrised in France in June, 1891, only £233,307 whs" pub through during the firwfc half-year it i used, Since thou this method of hetMng hps so thoroughly taken the fancy of the French public that hiBt year £9.620,000 whs invested, and it is anticipated chat* this year's turnover will be something over 10 million*. It is computed th«r in percentages from 1901 the sum of £3,000,740 has been levied by tho different racing societies* £960,000 has heeu handed over to tho Govcrnm'onfc Stud Com mission for breeders' premiums for half-bred stock and for the purchase of sireR for breeding purposes, while £80,000 has gone towards the relief of the poor. Chronic Constioation Cured. Fred Gillett, .Esq., \V;.lgett, W., writes "For Years I hud boon a sufferer from chronic constipation due to my sedentary oc cupfiion, tutor. I sent for a ••ree sample of Chamberlain's torn-«ch and Liver '1' b ets, and the result- were ho satisfactory that I have since used half a dozen bott es. The Tablets have certainly done me a pieat dea' of good, for when I first began to use them I hud to take four ■ ablets twice a week to produce the desired effect bnt now two Tab lets a month keeps the bowleg in good order. Sold by the Federal Grocery Co., Echuca ;>nd Hoama. .A pustopilisfc in the district between Al bury and Wa»«ju adopted a method of obvia ting the risk from bush-fires which might he given effect to by the whole of the' country people without trouble or expense. As soon as t.he very hot wear.her set in he had the whole of his stock mustered and brought; in to the home paddocks. For some time he kept them ou shovt *uppli' S, and when they .were getting hungry turned' thorn into the area surrounding the homestead. The long grass was cuten down quite bare for a con siderable distance around the hou-o, and when firo reached there it"was powerless to harm tlie homestead and the adjoining buildings, if such a preciu'ion had been taken, there is no donbfc that many of the destroyed homes %vnuld still be standing. Anxious Moments. ^ne of ihe most anxi us times of mother's life is when her Mtle ones have croup. There is no other medicine so effec tive in this terrible malady as Dr. Sheldon's Kew Discovery. It can be safely given and ' de-'endod upon ,tNo mother should ever be without a bottle in the bouse. For sale by Dickson and Kerr, i«'chu< a. The deinaud of the West Australian Labor party that th« new forts at. Fremantle shall bo erected by a Government department, and that British labor exclusively shall be employed on the work, is not likely to be no ceded to. l1he Minister for Homo Affairs has asked the Stato Works Deuartment at Perth to call for a tender from a contractor for the erection of the earth works for the Port Arthur head fort at Fremantle. The cost will be about £3000, The contractor will have to pay the standard wage of the State,but ho will be under no obligation to exclude Italian or other foreign labor that he may find available. The Peril of Our Time Is Lung Di-ease. Dr. Sheldon's ISTew Dis covery for Coiifjhs, Colds and Consu ption cure Lung trouble, Small doso. Pleasant to take. lvvery bottle guaranteed. For sale by Dickson and Kerr, lie1! uca. A further communication from the Im perial Army Council hns leached tho Min ister of Defence with reference to the ex traordinary delay that lias taken place in the issue of Boor war "medals to members of the Commonwealth contingents. The letter, which is dated from London, 01114th .Novem ber, states tliafc tho council is having the rolls of those entitled to the medals examined and hopes that tho whole of the claims will bo mot during the ensuing quarter. A Modern Digestive. One of Dr. Sheldo i's Digestive Tabules ■will digest. 1500 grains' of meats, eggs, and other wholesome food. They are a genuine tonic, because they bring about ia the only natural way a restoration of nerve powor, a building up of lost tissue nnd appetite by the digtstion and assimilation of wholesome food. ' They can't liolo but do you good. For sale by Dicksuii and Kerr. 