By ' The Taririaman ,r a cl6s6,krifi'all roadjjf&em; t6 Vic tbi'ia, AdeiM^r are arriving dailylall from "down buggiefc, which Vending 16 days r^iAd;;'&e; north-east cj^B^before returning bSSriie. Many have bleh. in Tasmania since ftefiem ber, and look the pictures, of health. In anotlier week or-, so the apple aeflsop will I be in frill ewirigyihd thedhSail feteS'Mfirs are soon due atHobart frir their apple loading. This (Saturday) morning it is raining steadily, and has been dojng_ so all night. This is the third lovely ^ill in- thi?|e vredks, and it just means goldturnbliri&into; the people's pockets. How I wish we had such a climate in Victoria! What a place it would be! It is rather annoying to know that for some reason Victorians are not in great favour in Tasmania'! We"hni"6 tried to find out the reason, but people are very reticent about it, and laugh our inquiries off. Still, it is not pleasant to know that visi tors from other states are liked better than those from Victoria. The only hint we succeeded in gathering was from a fellow train- traveller, who "thought" the reason was that Victorians "put on airs to some- extegt," and, acted in a way that people Who c^j^'4h]|^selves superior . to their;. riH0iibi>urs -jgeii^sally , do. *'Of course,''; ^^iniihd« oitfVl&n-; i did " friend, "there wfeSPt -exfeeptiohs, many exceptions." lihqhed^ She."had met. some very nice tjfeppih. freffi/J^c^yia, and some quite the opposite.^ . •Sgfc; Vic toria' again. What With the climate! and lli.j J i! u l'-je-U-Vii.- a; i.2v»-. the peo-ple, and the bush-fires;1; she iis having i very bad time indeed, ^ _ , I,. afi Benddick says, "Happy is the man who can Heat his detractions, and put, them to mending," We have just returned from motoring for some twenty miles along the banks, of the Mersey. The settlement all round is won derful, and the homesteads are as pictur esque ,as any in the woflij. .Everything, too, is so green. "Jfq Brow#// fields and black burnt trees. Hedges frill .of flowers, and masses of a pretty little creeper/ whose leaves turn .yellow and auburn in patches. The great wide river floWe so .lazily, too, and one can See the trout jumping eveiy now and again, making big eicales in tlfe still water. Quail in. number# kept rising every few yards, and "Whirred" away Over the hedges, and ahmg £hfe;BdflifcS with a rattle and rustle. Truly, this is a. spoilsman's paradise. Lovely, plumper rosy, chil dren rod out in. nhmberS to see us go past, arid th6 cattle in the adjoining fields bolt from us like mad, with theii' tails in the air. Wheriihey get a little distance/away they all wheel round and glat-ei ^t us. Perhaps they, tori, know and have taken a dislike to Victorians. Our motor, of eourst, had a mishap, and. we rested while it was being mended in a farm house, with red tiled floor/ and had coffee made with all milk; and seones that seemed the most delirious food "we 6ver fasted. The farm people had been living in the same place for over seventy years, and were the third generation. . Hobart wafe the farthest they had been. The mother arid children were very fair, with blue eyes, but, like all Tasmanians, had bad teeth, even the chil dren showing many false ones. This is due, I am told, to the absence of lime in the water. One thing that struck us was the huge fireplace in the kitchen, quite large enough to put a dining table in. We are sorry, in a way, to have to re turn home, and still more sorry we cannot pack the lovely sea-view from our windows in the trunk, and spread it out on our re turn. We can see the children having water romps, which they calL^Wtffio?^ffukJ?ath ing parties," all algmri&gtibore..; little basket hand-nemT}»e^^fcfi,*fli and bring them in no?" their dinner an? They have jrist retiifiied 5^1(1 fhjrt ties. The fishing atpjgietraf*w jbaSll did, and even inexpVifepSed people 1 selves can catch heapn"" Wf have^cpif go out to the hreakwatehfeafaouf ."reft mm from the hotel, let down our liiiM/*lflfpull them up as fast as we like. We get plenty of brown trout, too, and round the bend flounder in shoals. Last night a party made an excursion in a big boat for moonlight cod-fishing, took supper with them, and did riot return till 1 o'clock. There was not even a ripple on the sea, and the. distant singing/was de lightful. Another "salmagundi," or medley water-party, took place the foHowihg night, whpn several boats were chartered, and sup per served on board. The dressing was a trifle mixed, some going in full evening at tire, and others in walking-gowns and tweed suits. They had a gramophone with them, which played band music and songs be tween. It was a beautiful sight, quite like the'pictures you see of gondolas at Venice in tue moonlight. There are three Mel bourne doctors now slaying at the hotel, and as they all play and sing we have capi tal evenings. We have olten "endured many worse conceit# iri our town-hall. There are several tfea-parties being given, and,' taken al together, Devortport is very lively. ferries and cream; in fact, they are real re.Sois aV%uffcr _ had _ aiiw.five horses; whrep were:fully as the ftcmfibers o~ „>Jrea, as uie ftcnffbers of the |i^rd are -ialLpdrtly mem.. Tbey loojffid -very'-Solemn. is they pa^rf hul? hotel, as If thh£ l$d the .Weight of all Tasmania a'nd Ike ^retiaiyrsf Conference into the bargain on their shhul dete: olu&.iji®, hot jaek any visitors td join did not Jeel Shy re grets ,at $jajag leftcrat in the Void. They; returned Very late, in the same solemn fashion. It was more like an undertakers' merry-making than a town board's picnic. But they said they enjoyed themselves, and tha t is _ every thing in an outing, j'.laJteiv-Dtif kailjng-parJies we have to take wAlks to gel Vvartn, for it becomes very chilly out on the water. We tramp over hill and dale, each \iew as we top the l isea being more delightful than the one before. The gardens round the little houses are packed with flowers, and the orchards at the back loaded with fruit. Tickets for the Loongana and Flora are interchange able, and so We haVe transferred to Hie Flora, which leaves here on February 22. She is not so speedy as the "Looney," but is, we hear, steadier, and for people with sensitive "Little Maries" that is the main object tp be considered. W# a«: Manning to get a slight touch of bothe-sickness. With all her Taults we still love our Victoria. .Everything is beau tiful here, but, notwithstanding, we shall be glad to get back. There is something about home, especially when you are away from it, that is very enticing. Even amidst all the "pleasures and palaces" (hotels) of the North-East Coast of this charming island, and its very pleasant people, there seems no place like home. We sometimes find ourselves looking across the two hun dred miles of water that separates us, and fancying we can see at times a dim shadow low down, which imagination conjures into the coast line of Victoria. " Creep on, white foam. Creep on, steal home, .Across the rocks, across the hay, Wave on, wave in, your sure slow way, Creep on, steal home." 