WEEK BY WEEK, Clifton colliery worked fall time, last week. The Premier spent hie holidays in the Shoalhaven district. The Woonona Lodge of Druids hold a smoke concert to-night. A light drizzling rain fell in Wollon gong, on Monday night. Stuart Park was crowded with pic nickers, on Monday last. The main blackberry crop of Illawarra has been destroyed by fire. ^The rainfall record at Woliongong for December totalled 34 points. Dapto beat Albion Park on.the cricket field, on Saturday, by four runs. Mr. A. A. Ly sight left by the Medie, on Saturday morning, for London. Quarterly Licensing Oourt, Wollon gong, on Thursday, 12th January. Rev. John Gardiner, late of Wollen goug, is just recovering from a severe llness. Last year there were four bankruptcies in Woliongong, two in Kiama, and four in Nowra. The whole of our hotels and boarding houses were severely taxed during the holidays. The Corrimal-Balgownie Colliery Coy. have given up prospecting the Tongarra coal-mine. At one time on Saturday, the town ship of Thirroul was threatened with destruction. Coledale miners were put to their wit's end on Saturday night saving their little homes. In the Illawarra suburbs the rain was much heavier on Wednesday than in Illawarra proper. Burnt leaves fell on the decks of passing steamers ten miles out on Saturday, off Illawarra. Mr. C. Walker has been transferred from Fairy Meadow to Arcadia Public School as relieving teacher. We had more visitors in Woliongong this New Year holiday time than has been the case for years past. The death occurred on .Friday of a very old and respected resident of Jam beroo, viz., Mr. William Barber. The champion trotting horse Ribbon wood is expected to visit the ferthcom '' ing Berry Show, to give an exhibition. Mr. George Courtney, of Dapto, who has been an inmate of the Berry Hos pital for some weeks, has been enabled to return to his home. Notwithstanding the rains of Mondaj and Wednesday, fires were blazing away on the mountain behind Corrimal and Woonona, on Wednesday night. The haze along the seaboard last week was the thickest seen for years. The s.s. Illawarra could not make Wolion gong Harbor on Saturday morning, The township of Sherbrooke was swept by bush fires at the end of the week, Several houses on the resumed Cataract area were burnt to the ground. The steamer Kolya received 2700 tons of coal at the Southern jetty, Port Keoibla, during the week. On Friday the Kadina was due for 550 tons of Unanderra coke. At the Batburst Rifle Association's meeting during the past week, M. Byron and P. Parsons of Woliongong won minor prizes. Mr. R. H. Walker of Jamberoo was the principal 'winner from the Sbuth Coast. ?, During ISi)!, 5470 points of rain were registered in Woliongong, §266 in Kiama, 4156 at Nowra, 1S82 at Bega, 2415 at Momya, 1445 at Cooma, and . 4593 in Sydney, Menindie on 'die Darling had 457 points. ^- '): Bush fites raged on Saturday aronnd p ii Ji^ewhole of the Illawarra suburbs— at §«|i Sll^slinVst; Peakhurtt, Hurstville, Blake li^M#l^g*«^':0»te^ortd»le^Kur. ' ^S^HPliiP^i^and --awd great Although the streets of Woliongong were thronged on New Year's Eve till a late hour unusual quiet prevailed. The usual ebullitions of horse-play were ab sent and on the whole the conduct of oar yontht was most exemplary. On Saturday night the Mountain range from below Corrimal to Helens burgh was ablaze. The spectacle was certainly thrilling. On tbe eastern tide of the line the fires extended with a few breaks from Coledale into the Illawarra suburbs. An unusual sight was seen at the Woliongong railway-station a few nights ago. This took the form «f a pile ef about 30 jew-fish, caught near Port Kembla. The fish averaged 501b each and had been sold te a Sydney buyer at 8s each. It was reported in the Sydney papers on Tuesday that Mr. and Mrs. Rose, of Woliongong, who had been staying over Moss Vale way during the holidays, had a narrow escape from being burnt to death through the house they were re siding in catching fire. A golf match was played at Kiama on Monday between teams pick, d by Mr. Jas. Kidd and Mr. C. W. Prjtt, from visiting and local golfers, tie game resulting in a win for Mr. Pmtt'a team, which included another Woliongong player, Mr. O., Moriarty. Dr. Robertson has severed his connec tion with the Caledonian Coal Co., Newcastle, .Messrs. Howard Smith, and Son having taken the position of mana ging directors. The company have several mines in tbe northern district, including the new development at Ccss nock. About 4 o'clock on Tuesday afternoon, a sharp thunderstorm came over from the north- east and rain fell for about half-au-hour. Same evening at 9 another storm came up from the south. On Wedne»day afjbernoon another thun derstorm passed over. About. 74 points in nil were registered. We regret t« hear that Mr. J. P. Smith, son of Mr. Jas. Smith, of Gwynneville, and teacher at the Cowra Public School, has been suffering from a severe attack ef rheumatic and typhoid fevers. He is at present in tba Cowra Hospital, and it is hoped he will soon recover from tha illness. Some visitors who camped at Muddy Creek, Thirroul, were burnt out, on Saturday, and lost everything. Mr, D'Arcy, an old identity, who is well known to all visitors to the Bulli Pass and Look-out, was burnt out. Mr. W . B. Green had a six-roomed cottage de stroyed. The house was empty at the time. - Those who had to travel by train on the Illawarra line between Bulli and Sydney, en Saturday afternoon, had an experience not readily forgotten. On either side of the line bush fires raged. In lact in places tbe flames licked the passing train wheels. The discomfort endured can more readily be imagined than described. It was reported in Woliongong, on Wednesday, that instructions had been sent down by the Water and Sewerage Board to conserve tbe water in the Woliongong storage dam as much as possible, ' as the Sydney supply was getting short. If Ibis is so it is evident that the local supply is looked on as a Sydney auxiliary service. On Saturday terrible fires swept the greater portion of the Kangaroo Valley district. Three homesteads and all their contents were completely destroyed, and several cattle and horses were burned. The farmers are heavy losers. All the grass has been burnt, and also miles of fencing. The traffic* was blocked on Barrengarry Mountain. The tempera ture reached 117 degrees. No lives 'were -lost. ? ?. '- - ;,, ..'' V, 7 ??'?'? . .; : A complaint hafe reached us of the reprehensible pranks indulged in at Stuart Park, cm Monday, by some girls and youths, much to the annoyance of the hundreds assembled. The conduct— or rather misconduct— of about a dozen young fellows and girls was such as to bring the blush of shame to the cheeks of the onlookers. If this tort of be havior is to go unchecked respectable people will religiously avoid the Perk, Surely a policeman «ould be spared at this favorite resort on holidays. ; The Decembfir just passed is said to be the hottest experienced in New South Wales for 40 years. Saturday \v;ij the hottest day and in Sydney the record was 108 degrees. Notwithstanding the bush fires which raged the temperature in Woliongong was much less. In fact the century was not reached and the local thermometer readings were from 10 to 25 degrees below those recorded in any other parts of the State. Cool sea breezes were responsible for this de sirable state of affairs and some who left the Mountains on Saturday for Illawarra were delighted with the change. The Nowra races on Monday resulted as follows : — Cambewarra Handicap.^ — Spermlight 1, Toreador 2, Claurence 3. Mudgee was the favorite, and when making a rush at the finish was bumped by Claurence and fell, sustaining a bad injury to the knee, which will end her racing days. The jockey, Clarke, was also much shaken and bruised. — Hurdle Race: Behnore II. 1, Midshipman 2, Dervish 3. — Terara Trial Stakes : Tyson 1, Swallowette 2. — Shoalhaven Cup : Silver Forest (9.9) 1, Rebound and Phyllis a dead heat f«r second place. The other starters were Oiynthus, Query, Atlantean, and Fairy Prince. — Hock Race : Rene 1, Bluey 2. — Welter : Tyson 1, Phyllis 2. The curtain was rung down on 1904 and raised on 1905 to the accompani ment of a heat wave and bush fires that will make the closing and opening scenes of the old and new year historical. From border to border, and from the seaboard to the thirsty interior, ther mometer records were established, while devastation was wrought on every side by ali-devouring bush-fires. In and around Woliongong fortunately, we escaped scathless, further North and South they had a different tale to tell, but it is in the Albury, Gundagai, Gunnedah and Wagga districts that the greatest disaster befel the inhabitants. Daily accounts coming to hand pile ap a huge aggregate of loss, inconvenience and suffering. An impromptu meeting of farmers was held at Nowra, lately, to consider a proposal to establish a Co-operative Bacon Coy. take over the premises of Messrs Denham Bros, at Bomaderry, who have signified their intention of going out of the curing business and closing down tbe works. - Farmers were present from all parts of the district including Kangaroo Valley, Berry, Jasper's Brush, Bolong, Pyree, Cambe warra, and Nowra. Much enthusiasm in the movement was displayed by those present, who were unanimous in their opinions that it would be greatly to the detriment of the pig suppliers to lose their local manufacturing centre, and to have to send their pigs to Sydney. A committee consisting of 5 of the lead ing farmers, from different parts pf the district, was appointed pro. tern, to wait on Mr. Benham re the disposal of the fuctory at Bomaderry, and to get all necessary information and report at a future meeting, of which the farmers will receive due notice. Thus a Sydney newspaper man : — As a Pressman, one of the pleaaantest exT periences of tbe past Christmasti&e; was the splendid style in which some of our country newspaper proprietors brought out their Christmas issues. All things considered some of these in their way were quite as good as tire Sydney papers turned out, and the South Coast TijiES was well to the fore. I showed a copy to the editor of one of the largest weeklies here, and he was astonished at the style that issue came out. The illustrations have been praised by all 1 showed tliem to, and one— the charming little1 ' Back block Team *'— is now framed and adorns mj den, as it reminds me of boyhood's days. If people only knew the cost and time and trouble and worry required to bring out a really good Christmas number they would rally round to the support '-of their plucky, enterprising fellow-townsman who does so much in his own line to bring to them a'Vmerry Christmas, and many interesting and pleasant moments all the whole year rounds ? No ;»ne; works harder ^ than the poor printer j few get a less return for their toil. And one of the very best ways to start the New Year is to send along a year's subscription to a good Ideal j&ppr;, for it will soon%ayr for : itself and is a storehouse ol useful information always at your hand. .'./ ;? „ ? -?: ??':'???.?;? ' ' ?/ ' ,'; iy^y^yy^^ff ? Katooraba; had a band contest on Monday, four bands competing. In the test piece 'Gems of Operatic Melody,' also selection, own choice, first prize £30, the Illawarra District Band (Woliongong),— conductor Mr. W. E. Dwyer, was first with a score of 164\. Katoomba next with 150 points, other competitors were, Balmain Recba bites, and Dubbo. In the Street March Illawarra District was again first. The prize was one guiuea. Mr. Charles worth was judge. The weather, which in Illawarra was pleasantly cool, was disagreeably close at the Mountain resort. It is manifest from letters received by the Minister for Mines from Mr. J. B. Suttor, commercial agent in the East, that the excellent quality of the ship ments of New South Wales coal des patched to the East last year is likely to lead to a large trade being established between this State and Japan, Shanghai, and Hongkong. Writing from Shang hai on the subject, Mr. Suttor remarks : — ' There is a limited demand for good New South Wales coal. The recent consignments from the South CoaBt mines are highly spoken of, with the result that several inquiries are going forward for coal. I wish to invile the special attention of New South Wales colliery proprietors to the probable presence of the Russian Baltic fleet in Eastern waters. Such a circumstance will doubtless retard the output of Japanese coal to Shanghai, Hongkong, Manila, and Singapore. Our people would do well to be specially on the alert 10 carefully watch the movements of the Baltic fleet. There should be several openings for large coal contracts at the ports named.' The Grand Secretary (George T. Clarke), of the Independent Older of Oddfellows in New South Wales, for wards to us for publication the following important information in connection with the progress of this Order. The following figures to the 31st December, 1903, have just recently been compiled, and now published for the first time, viz. : — There are 67 Grand Lodges, 20,302 male and female lodges with a membership of 1,436,102, «f which 1,157,421 are brothers and 384#81 are sisters. There are also 55 grand encampments with 3,006 subordinate encampments with a membership, of 1«7,849. During the year 1903, £901,355 was paid out for relief, and during the same period £2,184,939 was received as income. The total invested funds ot the Order now amount to £7,220,482, Since 1830 to December 31st 1903, there were 2,792,909 initia tions. 2,820,127 members, and 268,469 widowed families were relieved ; the deceased members number 278,390. The total relief paid «ut since the foun dation of the Society amounts to the large sum of £20,998,964, and the total revenue for the same period is £55,332,720. The increase in member, ship for the year ending December 31st, 1903, was 106,000. In the Presbyterian Church, Wolion gong, on Wednesday, Miss Mary Eliza beth Bodimeade and Mr. Gustare Wemstemus wer^'united in wedloibTc^the Bev. D. M. Barnet performing tbe ceremony. The church was crowded. The bride was given away by Bit* Lacy (Sydney.) The bridesmaids were the Misses Simpson (Woliongong), and Miss tLacy (Sydney;) I The bribe's dress was of cream merveilleux silk trimmed with insertion and lace. She wore a wreath and veil and gold bangle, tbe bride groom's gift. The bridesmaids were attired in dresses of cream cashmere with cream bats, and wore gold chains and pendants, presents from tbe bride groom. Mr. Harold Thomas was best man. The church had been nicely decorated for the occasion, and tbe choir Tendered musical service. % Altogether, the ceremony ;jvas|B v;ery pleasant one. Afterwards, in'^heJphtirob'rBtreet Hall, Mr.- and Mrs. Wemstemus received the congratulations of friends. Mr. S. Hotson, Sydney, presided.- The toast of ' The Bride and Brldegreom ' was given by the Rev. D. M. Barnet, and that of ?' The Visitors,' by Mr. A. G. Bodimeade. , The centre piece on the daintily spread table was the wedding cake, which was really a fine work of art. The presents received jmade a beautiful |md Jnvjable djs§i#/ f Mr. A^JW.^v'WeiiiBfaiJin8leftfiir;|£at(#ib» ?fey the afternoon train. 