NEW SOUTH WALES. SYDN'Y, Friday. Mr. Hogue, the Chief Secretary, stated to-day that he had received the draft of the new Fire Brigades Bill, and that he was giving final consideration to the measure prior to its introduction. The conviction of Mr. Alan Millard, M.P., on a charge of larceny, renders the Qucanbeyan seat in the Assembly vacant. It is probable that the writ will issue early next month. The excursion train to Melbourno to day was well patronised, between 300 and 400 passengers availing themselves of the reduced rates. Last year the amount realised by the Railway Commissioners In connection with the Cup carnival was ?1068 s. This year the amount Is the same less the 8s. To-day was the hottest in Sydney so far this summer. At midday the thermometer registered 87.5 degrees in the shade. In commemoration of the fifty-fourth birthday of the Emperor of Japan, a levee was this forenoon held at the Japanese Consulate by the Acting Consul-General, Mr. K. iwasaki. There was a large num her of visitors, and good wishes were ex pressed for the long life of the Emperor and the prosperity of Japan. This after noon Mr, and Mrs. Iwasalti entertained a large garden party at their residence, at Croydon. News was received to-day of a fire hav ing occured on the steamship Bucentaur, homeward hound from Sydney and other Australian ports. The Sydney Marine Underwriters this morning received the following cable from London:--"Fire on board during voyage. Cargo undamaged. Have proceeded." The Bucentaur began her homeward voyage at 'ort Plrle, where she loaded concentrates, and finally tookl in a valuaible wool cargo at Sydney, Ade laide, and Brisbane. She took 45-12 bales from Sydney alone. She sailed from Sydney on September 27, for the United Kingdom and Continent, and reached Perlm on October 30. The Bucentaur Is running under the duspices of the Federal-Houlder Shire and Buckuall lines. The question of the admtssability of a wife's evidence against her husband on a charge of assault came before the Full Court to-day, by way of a special case stated by Mr. Justice Walker. It appear ed that John Stocks was indicted at a court held at Lismore, on a charge of as assaulting his wife, occasioning her ac tual bodily harm. The wife gave evidence against hier husband at the Police Court, but at the trial before the higher court, she was too ill to be present. Her deposi tions had been taken InL the presence of the husband, and with full opportunity for cross-examination. When the deposl Lion was tendered, it was objected to, but as no reason was stated at the time, the deposition was read to the jury. At the close of the case the reason for the ob jecton to the reception of the deposition was stated, namely, that by its reception the Judge compelled the wife to geive evi dence again't her husband, contrary to section 407 of the Crimes Act. The accus ed was found guilty, but was redfm mended to mercy on the ground that the wife wanted to live with him again. A senteuce of two years' hald labour was passed, but was ldefterred pending the de etlson of the Full Court. The Court re served its decision. A telegram received from Wind sor to-day stated that bush fires were raging in the outly ing parts of the town. A heavy gale was blowing, fanning the flames into alarming dimensions. As the fires were encroach ing upon the cultivation areas, it was feared that the results would be serious. Concerted action is being taken by resid ents to pIrotect homesteads and orchards. Gustav lMellln, captain of the Scottish Minstrel, was fined e£5 at the Water Police Court to- day for allowing ballast to fall into the harbour below high water mark. The stone ballast, which was mix ed with dirt and rubbish, was being un loaded by baskets, and it was stated for the prosecution that half of it fell Into the water, owing to the tarpaulin spread between the vessel and the lighter being too shor?. The poor boxes at St. Mlary's Cathedral were, last night, broken open, and rob -ed of their contents. It is not known how much money was taken. Mrs. .Jane Smhh. wbo in 1901. wad s trie, three times for the alleged murder by Dolkonirg of a man named Conway, h fel low-passenger on thie Talune from New Zealand, and discharged, appeared as re spondcnt In the Divorce Court to- day. Her husband deposed that he sold up his home, and spent all his money in provid ing funds for the defence of his wife, who had not since lived with him. A do creo nisi was granted. The steamer Westralla arrived in Syd-, naey from Newcastle to-day flying signals for an nmbulance. A telephone message was sent to the Civil Ambulance, and by the time the steamer reached the Grafton wharf the brigade had a stretcher in waiting. The patient was found to be Arthur Langworthy, one of the crews who, whLle assisting to place one of the hatch covers in position at Newcastle last night, lost his footing and till to the bottomn of the hold, a distance'of about 40 feet. HIe was conveyed to Sydney Hos pital by the Civil Ambulance Brigade, and admitted to the Institution suffering from a fracture of tile left thigh and numerous abrasions about the body. Thomas Frederickl Strange was charged at the Darlinghurst Sessions to-day with having broken and entered the dwelling house of Hugh Dalveen, with intent to commit a felony therein. The evidence for the Crown was thlt about 7.20 on the night of August 31 Mr. and Mrs. Dalveen left their residence, at. 20 Nlthsdale street, for the theatre. A servant named Florrie Harbon had gone out previously, but returned shortly after S o'clock. On going inside she noticed the back door open, and on going upstairs saw a man, who, she says, was the accused, getting out of the window of her room. She got a look at.hls face, and also saw hie was wearing red socks. The man got away, and sloe gave the police a description of him. The accused was arrested the fol lowing day by Constable John Williams. who pulled up his trousers and noticed that he was wearing red socks. The ac cused then remarked, "Is it the red soeks that are putting me away ?" While Florrie Harbon was giving evidence she -went off into hysterics, hond had to be removed friom the court. In consequezice the deposition of the girl's evidence tatken at the lower court was admitted by the accused's attorney. Accused de nied ever being ln Nithodale-street prior to his arrest. He was at home on the night of the alleged offence. When Con stable Williams Dulled witness 'trousers up, he said, "Is it the red sockis that are doing it ?" and not " Is it the red socks that are putting me away ?" Thie arc cused's mothler and another lady gave evidence that the accused was at homn on the night of August 31, and that it nwas imnosslble for him to have beent at Nithsdale-street. The jury returned a verdict of not guilty, and the accutsel vas dischanrged. His Honoer remarlerl that ihe really thought a mistake wnas made In identification. The Metropoiliton Fire Brigade received eleven calls .to-day, but none of the flres proved to be serious. T'ho Equity Cburt to-day made per potual the interim iniunction granted on the application of Washington H.' 1oul and Co. to restrain C. H. and S. Varier. Chinese grocers, from selling a fraudu lent Imitation of Soyer's baking powdler. 