TOPICS. meadows Athletic Spoets.— We ? have been requested by Mr. W. Connor, the hon. sec. to ttie Meadows Athletic Sports Club, to notify that owing to unavoidable . circumstan ces the sports advertised for Jan 14th, will noi -toe held on that date. Unfortunately our fourth page was printed before Mr. Goanor's letter reached us, the sdvertisemerit relatiuR to the sports therefore appearing on that page. New Year's Eve was marked by a very commendable regard being paid' to the Sunday - which opened 1905, . the ~ new year of the iarrikinism which marked the advent of the old one. There' was a certain amount' of life and bustle in the streets; and when the tonfer clock struck the hour of midnight, bells, began to ring; gun shots resound, trumpets blow,. and whistles screech, but in a very short time the sounds ceased, and by half psst twelve 'silence reigned supreme. .' In case of any mischief, -SJ.C. Bertram . bad special constables engaged, but happily their services were in no way required, ' for the opening of 1905 in Strathalbyu may be written down as having been 'sober, orderly, and of good repute' — a fact we are glad to chronicle. Bcsiness ChAnqb.— Attention is directed to the intimation given in oiir advertising col umns that the partnership hitherto existing between Messrs. David, James, and' D. P. Bell, aud Jas. Richardson, trading as David Bell & Go., has been dissolved by mutual con sent in consequence of the business being turned into a private company consisting of the above named, and cbe three younger members of Mr. David Bell's family, who will j in future trade as David Bell & Co., Ltd. -The : change is purely a private one, the shares being solely confined to those named, but the ' old established firm, whose businesses at Strath albyn, Victor Harbor, and Mt. Barker have now assumed very large proportions, forming in the whole an extensive concern, will still further enlaige tfieir operations and in crease their efforts to put country customers gn equally good footing with those of the city who deal at the big stares there, the company's large contracts enabling them to purchase at the lowest market figures; while their dirocfc import business, now an important branch, i allows them to act directly between the great , producers and public, a fact which speaks' for itself. At each of the branohas' iitnmenae stocks are carried, and as at each the principle 1 of periodical sales »t- which out of fashion ' goods are absolutely cleared from the shelves, ' is closely adhered to, these, stocks are fresh and up-to-date in every line, there being few houses in the State where this feature ia more prominently kept in view. Anxious Moments a One of the most anxious times of a mother's life is wnen her little 6nea have croup. There is no other medicine eo effective in this terrible malady as Dr. Sheldon's New Discovery. It can safely given and depended upon.- No mother should ever be without a bottle in the .house. Rice 1/& small, 3/ large bottJes. For kale by D. Bell * Cc» StraUialbyn, THE WEATHER.-^-Ag mentioned in oar ias6 Issub delightful weather prevailed for theeariy - Jays of the holiday season, but Commemor ation day ushered in a heat wave of almost unexampled severity, Thursday turning out still hotter, Friday going points higher, and Saturday beating all records by taking the ? shade registers up to' 114 in Adelaide, 112 in Strathalbyn, and 109 in the suuth watering places, while in inland parts all over tbo continent extremely high registers ruled, 11H, 119, and 120 being common, while' from on«J frizzling town in N.S. W. came the record of 122 in the shade ! Happily for' the south, a oool change set in early in the afternoon, the drop in thetemperature being exceedingly rapid-; for instance at Port Elh'ot, Mr. C. W; Colman telia us that tiie mercury in his shade thermometer fell 25 degrees in ten minute^ wnile in Strathalbyn the difference between the maximum and minimum of Saturday and Sunday was no less than 60 degrees. . The heat - wa9 of dry nature or the extreme temperature would have been much more severely ielt, but as it was a great 'many delicate and aged persons were prostrated by its effects, and - from various parts of the statereports of losses of stock, and poultry ate reported, as well as of native birds. Sunday broke with promise of renewed heat; the' reading at nine o'clock being eight degrees ' above that of Saturday . morning's, but the i north wind blew itself out ? soon, and by eleven o'clock a complete change set in, which by night had cooled down thd atmosphere so thoroughly that even the houses became bearable again.-' If the old year went out with a burst of beat — closing the rainless December, the new year— or at least the day on which its birth was oornraemorated— broke with clouded skies, which Boon after sunrise began - to pour down showers of heavy 'lain, which however welcome to the many whose water supplies bad given out, played sad havoc with the arrangements made for the entertainmeafe of the holiday folk throughout the state^ drizzly rain continuing to* fall right through ' the day, an average of about an inch being registered: The weathe^on Tuesday was cool a%d pleasant, but it is'now 'ivarnaing - up again.' . '[,*': T.OHAT. ?XTTfirWS 'With very great regret we have to record the death of Mrs. George Sissons, brte of ucar Ashbourne, who.: died at. her residence* . Magill, on Saturday last,_ after a very short illness. During her long residence in this district Mrs. Sissons' kindly nature won fur her a very laige circle of friends, who vcill deeply lament her death, and for her bereaved husband, one of the. most highly esteemed of men, and very popular, heartfelt) sympathy is widely felt. The late Mrs. ' . Sissons was buried in the faynebain cemetery' on Monday. . Mr. J. O'Shanghessy has. been appointed head teacher of the Milang public school, in place of Mr. Softley, who Las resigned. Monday's rain was very ne'c-:une to a greao many people whose water tanks had become empty, the fall in most parts being sufficiently heavy to give good supplies. A pleasing cremony took place in Messrs; D. Bell & Co.'s drapery -establishment on 'Fri- day last, Mr. W. P. Davidson, who is-ieaving the distaict, being made a presentation from the firm's . employes. Mr. T. Brown* . the senior employe, in handing over the gift which, was a handsome leather dressing case, cxjireaaedtljo regret they all Tele at 'Mr,- - Davidson's removal after six years' association. Anew recreation ground at .Mylor was to have been opened On Monday by Sir Langdon Bonython, M.ILR^jjbut. owing to the in clemency pf the weafcher the ceremony had to be postponed. The closing of CUS House at Port Elliot has considerably lessened the number of visi tors in this -pretty coastal town during the. Christmas season, borne young people even, went down fully expecting this house, with its genial -hostess would be prepared tp receive, them, but, alas ! . . ' . What .should, be a. very enjoyable river., excursion is to run from Goolwa to-morrow, on ' behalf of the local Methodist Church funds,: full particulars being given in pur. business .. columns. '' ?'?-.'.?'-'' ?'.''? Last Saturday nign't was the quietest Now Years Eve .ever on record here. Corporal Bertram desejyjes thanks for the good order hs seoured, and.cWr, young folk compliment on the readiness with which they assisted him to establish'thia gratifying record. It's an ill wind, etc. ? While the stall and booth owners ou Granite Island deplored the heavy rain of Monday, the various hotels aud eating bouses of tbe town had reason to be grateful for ^ they 'were Iccpt busier a)! -i:iy than ever Before- in ' tbe history of Victor ;.'; Harbor.- - ?? ? *£? ?- A fatal accident occurred at Ambleaide oi Monday afternoon. Mr. A. 'McMillan, in the employ of Messrs. -A. tj. Jobnaton & Co., '- Oakbank, was returuing from Hahndorf in a.V -. buggy, conveying cases tof. empty lemonade / bottles,- and when- the vehicle reached ' tho V battom of a steep hill it struck a big log on the,- side of tbe road, and was caj-sized. ' A piece ol a bottle enceted hlv. McMillan's head above tbe left eyebrow, and -this probably caused his death; He was takes on a stretcher to the Ambleside railway station, and- a 'doctor' was - sunimoued, but life' was extinct before bis - arrivaL The deceased, who was 44 years of ' age, has left a widow and tour children. A represcntative'bf this journal was consid- ' erably taken back at Mannum on Monday, when the gatekeeper of the sports club' refused to admit him on the presentation of 'his card. ' As a result particulars of the sports were hot obtained. As it is to the best interests of any public gathering to admit pressmen free, this failure to respect the rule cannot well be understood, particularly as our representative had -made the ' journey f.om tho Bridge primarily to report the sports. . On Tuesday morning Mr. R. S. Smyth, of this town, had' a -Very narrow escape from being seriously injured, if not killed. He had descended a, well at his new residence on Burn aide blacks taking with nim an iron bar to measure the depth of water. Having accom plislied his purpose he fastened the bar to a sfcont coid aud signalled to bis son, Mr. Dou Smyth, to haul it up. This was being done aud when about half-way up, some thirty feet above where etood on a ladder the cord either broke or the bar slipped, for it fell to tbe bottom striking and splintering to bits the rung of the ladder just above Mr. Smyth's head, which was missed by only an inch or two, a distance, however, however, quite sufficient to prevent tbe accident being a fatal one. The Dar, a. ten feet Jong one, actually passed be tween Mr. Smyth's left arm, which was bold ing the ladder, and his body, grazing the left - Mr.- C- H. Beeves has been appointed choir master at St. Andrew's Church, 'Strathalbyn, and is to take up, his new duties at once. - The Macclesfield annual Catholic picnic took place on Monday last, but the weather sadly interfered with its success, the attendance being, much smaller than usual, and the Pro gramme robbed materially of its attractiveness. ' Residents are reminded of the series of reci tal entertainments to be given by Mr. Edward ' Reeves this month in the southern towns, ': dates being elsewhere advertised. : The majority of members of both Houses of Parliament intend to ... takfe the trip on the ' BiyerMurraywhicb is bsjmg: organised by the ' ; Government. The party ..will ? leave Morgaa ?: ' by tho Gem on January 10, and return lour days later. Arrangements are being made to go some distance beyond Benmark, probably as far as Lake Victoria, if possible, in order to see the river and gain an idea of the possibility - *'' of storing a large amount of water in the event of some general scheme, being carried ' out. ' , . _ . . : The Lobethal factory had a narrow escape from destruction by fire on Tuesday. The annual, meeting- of the Mt. Barker ' Athletic Club was held at Jackson's Hotel on Friday night. Mr. A. H. Monks pre sided. It was decided to hold tbe annual sports on January 23. The jrize-money totals £60, and the programme is practically the - same afi previously. - ' Mr. G. M. Moatgotnery has shown Mia a sample of a pear, whioh fell from ms of his - trees on Saturday afternoon. When lie picked it up the juice was act'ially oozing out of the fruit, apples and apricots in his -garden being ' similarly affected. All the bees around tbe north part of the town were destroyed, the intensity of the heat causing the oomb in the boxes to fall, with the result the' bees were drowned in the boney. From the country similar reports of almost annihilation of apiaries are-, coming in, Messrs. Myers and . Kirkham, of Ashbourne, Veing heavy losers in - this repeat. : - - - ;' . Tne local Presbyterian choir- announce a ' social for Saturday evening next' at the Agn- - cultural Hall, when YaBpberries and cream will be in evidence, besides other attractive features, particulars of which are gicen e*lsewherei The ' southern - watering places — Victor Harbor and Port Elliot — -have been crowded this year more than er«r in their history, and bookings assure a busy time for a good while - yet. ' ,.: Considering tbe extremely wet weather there - was a remarkably big crowd-at -Victor Harbor on Monday. Had the weather been' even moderately fine thcie tfcqld hare easily b&ea; «. record established. . - The settling-op dinner of the Milan*? Eegatta Clob took place at Baxter's Pier Hotel on Saturday evening- last. In our advertising columns we publish ths Iirogramoiejuf the forthcoming- meeting of Jibe ?southern 'Racing Club, to take place on Feb. 25th. Beporte reach as of several wheat stacks being visited by . 'bandy men,' who have, helped themselves to a certain amount of grain without obtaining the owners' consent. Such petty thefts should be brought home to the offenders and an example made, such as .was. done hrre some -twenty years ago, when similar thefts were reported to the police. The crack of the pin has been pretty fre quent on the lakes ana Coowpng of late, a great many sporting parties having been bagging good l«ts of wild duck and teal, which this year have been very plentiful so far. . STATE NEWS. Extensive .bush fires have taken place throughout South Australia as well as in the eister Stated, and it is reported from Maifc- ~ ..-?land, Y.P., that that town had a narrow escape from total destruction, a good many thousands of pounds damage being the result. From various other pajrts of the State fires have been reported, all emphasising the urgent need for every provision of the Bush Fires Act being -stringently enforced, and other cautions observed to prevent the occur rence of fires. & n old resident of the south, the Rev. T. S. Williams, had his manse and church at Mait land nearly consumed by the disastrous lire at that town last week. Mr. Sidney Kidman, well-known as the cattle king, Had his beautiful residence at Kapunda completely destroyed by fire last week, with all its contents. According to 'Timuleon' in the Kapunda paper 'Mr. Angus, the new Professor of Agriculture, has already shown that he is a e&nny; Scot and well able, to take care of himself. Certain promises were made to him in London before he accepted the position, and he has made it. plain to the Government at the outset that he wishes to avoid as far as possible all chance of misunderstandings, and has asked that bid position and status shall be defined beyond all dispute. In this the new Erofessor shows his wisdea, past experience aving proved that succeeding Ministers udidiu^/ t* vcbj^ckuiLvjr *v* t^wuicuiug nivu vuu experts of the Agricultural Department.' The same writer adds that 'the Farmers' Political League promises' to be a force 'to reckon with at the next elections. Producers are rallying round the flag- at many centres, aud if the farmers can only agree to pull together, they will certainly succeed in send ing men to Parliament who will represent the rural view. Mr; Jenkins has been persuaded to co-opsrate with a central executive com mittee in the work of ogranisation. and his enthusiasm is contagious.' Mr. Charleston begins, early in January, an organising tour through the country.' II. Barnett, a, married man, employed by - Messrs. Woodroofe & Go., aerated waters manufacturers, Norwood, met with a serious accident on Saturday afternoon. He was driv ing a van, wuich capsized, and Barnett was thrown among broken bottles of aerated waters and severely cut about the head, shoulders and legs. He was removed to the Adelaide Hospital. The unfortunate man, Samuel 'Pyne, who while playing with his children after dinner - oa Christmas day, sustained an injury to his spine by a fall, died on Monday at the Ade* laide_bospital. . - - - The plebiscite of the Labor Party in the South-Eastern district to determine the candi dates for two of the three vacancies in the Assembly for the district or Victoria and Al bert, closed on Saturday night. The result is the selecton of Mr. W'. Senior M.P., and Mr. F. W. Lundie, the organising secretary oftbeA.W.U. . A little girl, three years old was drowned in Adelaide on Monday, the tiny toddler falling into one of the flooded gutters near her par ents' home. To make up for their disappointments of the day, thousands of holidayists flocked^ to the public amusements in Adelaide on Monday niifht, the theatres, and circuses and other places of attraction, being all crowded to excess. A strong effort is being made to Becure the ? * - ? _* Al ? j- it ? l - ? 9 ? remission 01 me ueasu sentence paaaeu on BonGuld, who recently shot and killed his sweetheart at Kensington. AUSTRALIAN NEWS. Mo3t disastrous bush.firee have taken place i in New South Walus and .Victoria, tens' of j thousands of pounds worth of damage having, j been done, lives lose, towns ravaged, churches aud homesteads burnt out, and .miles and miles of country devastated. Hear trend ing scenes are. reported from various . parts, wide spread ruin having been caused by the fires, yie aggregate of the damage done being simply incalculable. . A tragic quarrel took place in an hotel in Baliarat E*st; on Sunday, and one of the par ticipants, William Richards, a young nn.n, died . as the result of injuries sustained. Another young man, Edward Kearney, sub sequently surrendered himself to the police, and a charge of murder was laid against him. ~ As contrasting the excessive boat in this State on Saturday it is reported that in New Zealand the weather continues miserably cold all ovar the colony the summer, .so far, having boan merely a continuation of the winter, aud there was a heavy fall of snow at Hammer Springe. A famous old church— Holy. Trinity— at East Molbourne was destroyed by fire on Sunday, the building being completely gutted; Sunday school was being held at the time, but tho superintendent got all .the -children away safely. . . A young lady trod on a match in- Mocee (Vic), on Tuesday, and her clothes ditching fire she was so badly burnt that she . died soon after. Several people who assisted to extin guish thn flames were, also badly bunted. The Newcastle coal miners are out on strike, no less than 6,000 men thus being in enforced idleness. The well-known Australian racing stallion, Abercorn, is reported to have fallen dead in Ireland. Iuteuse oold is reported from New Zealand, ae well as fierce gales which have done great damage. . ? - NEWS PROM ABROAD. The London Daily Telegraph, has assigned £5,000 to promote the emigration to Canada of people living in the poor quarters of the. East-End of London. Through the instrumen tality of the Self-Help Emigration Society and the Salvation Armv the TelesrraDh an nounces that it hopes to be able to despatch tn Canada by the end of March 700 families from the large London parish of West Ham, at a cost of £20,000. Tbe King has conferred a baronetcy upon Sir Edward Monson, British Ambassador at Paris, and the Grand Cross of tbe Order of St. Michael and St. George npon Sir Charles Hardinge, British Ambassador at St. Petersburg. . _ -? ? ? An escaped wolf, which had killed and de voured 100 sheep in Northumberland, and which has.of ten bean chased by the foxhounds in different parts of the country-side during the laat month, was run down and killed by the Scotch express on Saturday. ' The English running champion, A. Shrobb, who holds the world's records for two, three, and four miles, .having done those distances in 9 min- 17 sec., 14 min. 17 3-5 sec, and 19 min. 31 3-5 sec respectively, has sailed by the R.M.S. Ortona for Australia where he intends to compete for the Australian and New Zealand chainpionshipB. -'?'-' - A number of new steamers ore now being built by tbe North. German Lloyd Shipping Company, for a new monthly trade line to the Fax East. This, in conjunction with the line of mailboats already running Australia, will provide a fortnightly service between Germany and Australia. ' - The Federal Steam Navigation Company's steamer Carpentaria and the Holt liner Telamon, both of which are meant for the Australian tfcade, hare been subjected to suc cessful trials. 