Swept By Flame. NEW YEAR'S BAPTISM OF FIREi A ROARING FURNACE SEARS THE^ LAND. As if to mock the country's congratula- tions on the prospect of a plenteous season, a tornado of fierce fire and withering heat swept over New South Wales on the closing days of the old and the opening days of the new year. It consumed fortunes in its fiery journey. Worse, it made havoc of human life. Never were the puny efforts of man to stay destruction so set at naught. Up and down and back the demon of destruction swept. The prosaic record of the daily news papers affords but a poor picture of the great disaster which has overwhelmed a large por- tion of the country in one vast, charred wreck. Fortunately destruction in unsettled districts has largely been confined to grass and fences; but in more closely peopled localities settlers have suffered immense loss — loss which shatters their hopes of a speedy recovery from the despondency of the drought. But the saddest feature is the sacrifice of life. Many were lost in attempting to suc- cour neighbours. They fell martyrs to a high sense of neighbourly duty. It is at times such as this the true heroism of the bush shines. Half the sacrifice and the unselfish devotion of the people to one another will never be known, but sufficient is made clear to make Australians proud of the heroism of the bush. It as characteristic of the daily press that in the midst of this dire calamity it should obtrude its viewpoint which regards everything as happening either to the classes or the masses. The "S. M. Herald." for in- stance, states in a somewhat surprised tone: — "The one pleasing feature of the great disas- ter which is now passing over the State is the manner in which all classes of the com- munity have united to assist one another in time of dire distress." It would be a poor day for the country when any Australian refused to help another; but the 'Herald' iel citates us on the fact that squatters or bush-workers did not stand idly by and watch their neighbours' property burn. As it was, deeds of genuine heroism are recorded over a wide urea. Riverina appears to have suf- fered much. The Southern railway trains seem to have passed through a country one sea of flame. From the Murray on towards the Nepean the flames spared little. Three lives were lost in Albury district. The rich grass lands about Bowral were swept with flame, but the town itself escaped. Tele- graph poles went down before the blaze. A spark from a tourist train was said to be responsible for the firing of one big estate in this district. Among the residences threa- tened were the Governor's at Sutton Forest, that of Mr. H. E. Kater, M.L.C., and the houses of Sir James Fairfax, and the Os- bornes. Tudor House, Wagga, Germanton, Gundagai, Goulburn, Carcoar. Yass, Quean- beyan, Young, Maitland, Cobargo. Crook- well— all had a similar tale to tell of fire fighting against great odds, of homesteads ruined, of wheat and other crops destroyed, of stock roasted by thousands, and of fire- driven people forced to seek escape from a terrible death in rivers and other water- courses. Altogether the ushering in of 1905 with a baptism of bush-fires is an incident that will live long in the memory of all who have happened to have breathed the furnace blast which swept the land. Even Sydney, which is favoured with cooling winds, put up a record of 107½ degrees in the heat wave. But the City people are in every way well off compared with those who, deprived of their home and the fruit of their year's labour, are huddling into the country towns as havens of refuge from the scourge of the destroying heat. The bush fires in Victoria and South Aus- tralia do not seem to be nearly so wide- spread or destructive as in New South Wales. To judge by reports this week tinsmiths are the criminals of the moment. By some strange coincidence one tin-smith shot Iris kdv love and another assaulted a policeman on the same day; therefore tinsmiths a.ro dangerous members of soe'ety. Also when the old-age pensioner is haled up for drunk .;uid disorderly, it is a worse drunk and dis orderly than usual, according to the samp authorities. 