151'SII riEES IN EASTERN" STATES.. ! GOULBURN DISTRICT WRECKED. -Effects Els'^where. a SYDNEY. Januarv 1. The intense beat which has prevailed throughout New South Wales during the past few days lias been the cause of ex tensive bushfires, -\\\%ich are responsible for much damage. No loss of life has been ? reported, but several men were injured while fighting the flames, and others had dillicultv iii getting beyond the reach of tlio fire-. Goulburn district suffered severely. Tbe fire swept a large area of country, andl destroyed everything in its course. Hun dreds of people fought to> save their home steads, and were fortunate in many in stances. A number of houses were burned down in the Delegate district. The fire was the most disastrous ever known lo cally, and the destruction was general. A number of settlers lost everything buildinge, stock, and implements. Several jici&ona; are missing. The town was prac tically 'deserted, as all who could leave went out to combat the flames, which got within five miles of Delegate. It is esti mated ? the the fire covered 50 miles of country. Mossvale dittriet was swept, and several houses were destroyed, while at Bundanoon seven buildings. including the Ohurcli of Engla'nd, were demolished. Fires iaged with great fierceness around Gundagai, where the settlers battled manfully to save their pro perty. Hundreds of horses, cattle, and sheep perished, aaid many selectors are: ruined. - From one portion of the district, all the settlers have cleared out, and taken whatever of value they could save with tbem. It was feared late to-riight that the" flames would reach South Gtnadagai. Atl Gunning a whole "family had to take to a waterhole for safety, and" one of the fire fighters was severely injured. In other dis tricts fires are raging and it is feared that should nq, change in the weather conditions occur promptly the disaster in some in stances will be very great. At Eazor Ba«lc, in Goulburn district, the only building left .standing was the Roman Catholic Church. The heat was rather intensified yesterday throughout the State. In Sydney the tem perature W'js the highest of any December during the pasi 46 years. Fortunately it .was a dry heat, bat "the little wind that blew in the course of the day burned like the breath of a furnace. At 9 in the morn ing 83 deg. was registered, a( noon the tem perature had reached 90, and it continued to increase as the day wore on. At 4 in. the afternoon it was 103. and 40 minutes, later it was 107.6. Slowly the thermome ter fell, for at 6 o'clock it had only decreas-' ed 2 points, and at 8 o'dock 4 points. "About 9 a welcome southerly wind reached the < city, and a Bpfiedy fall of 20 deg. -was re- i corded. The maximum temperature in the , country was 122 "al Condobolin. Other high records were:-Albury, 115; Bourke, 117, Broken Hill, 112; Cooma, 110; Denili quih, 116; Forbes, 114; Hay, 116; Hillston, 117; Wilcannia, JL13; Wentworth, 117; Wagga, 119. , lu Culcairn West thousands of acres or wheat have been destroyed. SYDNEY. January 2. Reports ccJntinue to come to hand regard ing the great destruction caused by bus" fires. Owing to interruption in tele graphic coirjnucication and the wide ex tent o£ country covered by the fire ac counts of the devastation axe somewhat disconnected, but enough has been made knowfai to indicate that whole tracts ot country have been swept, clear by the fire grass, ^standing crops, fencing, homestead buildings in many instances, and horses, cattle, and sheep in considerable numbers. At least three persons have perished in the flame*-Mrs. Lerishen. whose charred re mains were found where her house had stood, at Huon, in the Albury District; Wil.iam Steel, a farmer at Brocklesley, in the Howlong District; and a young agricul tural labourer named Fallon, who was sur rounded by fire while trying to save horses at Urariquity, Wagga "Wagga district. Seve ral deaths from heat apoplexy, brought on by exertion in endeavouring to check the flames, have been recorded.' A number of narrow escapes occurred. Whole families had to take refuge in dame and water courses. .The details are similar in all cases. Miles of country in different dis tricts were covered by the flames, and hundreds of men, and in some instances wemen and children, rendered what assis tance they could to save their owta, "and their ^neighbours' property. It is estimated that the fire in (he How long district extended 40 miles by 20 miles. A strong wind carried the flames at high I speed through the wheatgrowing districts f of Carnsdale, Goonbargana, Brockiesley, ' Howell, aind Major's Creek, demolishing j thousands of acres of standing crops. Stacks ; of wheat Averc consumed in the paddocks, ' several homesteads were burned down, and ? machinery was rendered useless. Around i t'areoar the country was all -ablaze, and the | losses are said to be extensive. Several | dairy farmers in Greta districit lost their stock, and saved their horses only with the I greatest difficulty. In Germainton district j thousands of acres of country was swept by the flames, and as 'the fire was only a few miles from -Ihe township the residents were much alarmed. To-night a man nam ed Snodgrass was suffocated at Cooliardi nia, and several others are reported miss ing. Women and children were placed iu dams as places of safety. Some stations are said to have been com pletely burned out. In neaa'ly all the dairying districts the fanners suffered se verely. In addition <o losses of stock, all grass and cultivation have been des troyed, «nd much hardship will re suit. At Mimosa, in the Temora. "district, a selector named Robertson is reported to have lost over 1,000 sheep, and much stock ami machinery. In the Maitlaxad district, where agricultural pursuits will receive a bad setback, James Vile, dairyman, had a faying experience. He was out looking .for cattle, when he was overtaken by the fire, and he had to seek refuge in the river. He remained in the water all night, and saw scores of wallabies roll _ themselves in to shallow water for protection against the extrnue heat. The tire extended all over the Blue Mountains. From health resorts pleasure-seekers were driven back to Syd ney; but in. only a few coses lias destruc tion of house property resulted. Messrs Ward Brothers, of Megalong, Katoomba Valley, lost over 800 sheep. Later particulars from Wagga Wagga state that many thousands of acres of wheat which would have yielded 12 bushes to the acre were consumed. Tbe country was swept from Lockhart to Tarcutta* Several large statutes in Tarcutta suffered severely. Woolsheds, machinery, and in some cases homesteads.^ were demolished. Farmers in the districts of Crainbob, Ladysmith, Toole's Greek, and Gregodoo were burnt out with few'exceptions. Thou sands of miles of fences have disappeared, and it is feared that many stock have perished. Disastrous fires also occurred around Young, Wagga, and Yass. The _ police authorities in all the districts in which the fires are in progress have been ordered to render assistance and to take steps to aid families in distress. A fire which broke out to-dav in a cottage at Lismore spread to St. Mary's Convent, a large, two-storied wooden building, and then to St. Carthagea pro Cathedral , also a weatherboard struc ture. The convent and cathedral were de molished, and the damage ie estimated at £4,060, which was insured. SYDNEY, January 3. The he.it wave has passed in the south ern portion of the State at least, with a change towards rain, and with rain actually falling in some of the southern districts. Fear of further depredations by bush firej has disappeared . Additional particulars o. the disastrous fire in the Gundagai district show that it was started at Stoney Creek on Saturday bv two swagmen, and early m the afternoon had reached Nangas, where damage to the extent of at least £1,500 was caused. It was at first feared that 1,600 cattle in the river paddocks had perished, but the animals, with few excep tions, reached place® of safety. Settlers about Kimo estimate their losses at about £10 000. Tenandra Park Station was burn ed clean out of grass, and much damage was done at Yabtree Hillas Creek, and liillapalap, amounting to probably £100,(TOO. Mr. S. Trexviek, of Grahams town, lost 600 sheep up Adelong Crossing way. All farm ers have been practically rumed. borne ot them were fortunate enough, however, to save their houses. At least 100 sheep perished in this portion of the district. Extensive damage to crops was done around Culcairn, especially on Sunday, when, aided by a gale, the flames earned everything before them for miles. A lar^e area" of standing crop was consumed. The flames continued right into Culcairn town ship, where the inhabitants, working with a will, succeeded in saving their property. The farmers in Kangaroo \ alley wul be heavy losers. At Gunnedah a large tract; of country was devastated. &)me«ettlecs * lost everything they possessed. All the miners at the Centennial Coal Mine were burned out, and they and their families had to make a hurried escape. IntheCorowa district many thousand bags of wheat were included in the losses by settlers j- while several hundreds of sheep and stock tell victims to the flames. The desruction. m Bowral and Mittagong districts was very great. Numerous country houses were burned down. Farmers in most cases saved . their stock, but they will otherwise be heavy losers. - ' Much destruction to property occurred m the Yass district. The town was surround ed. and on f-<e north a great track of coun try was laid waste. Numbers of settlers lest . their homesteads, stock, and Crop. Women and children were sent for safety I into the-town. Large numbers of; sheep i.are supposed to have perished around ; Young, and at Crookwell thousands of . stock are known to have been burned. Al most the "whole of the country between Gcrmanton and Wagga was ablaze. The outbreak began on Grubben Station, and in its progress grass, sheep, cattle, horses, and houses were.destroyed. At Little BiUa bong J. McLaurin's family saved them . selves by immersion in a dam till -the fiamcs had passed on.. Towards Tareutta dead sheep were pifed in heaps. The Lord Mayor of Sydney is taking steps to start' a fund in aid of distressed. settlers,. and has convened a public meet ing. The losses in som'e districts, accord ing to the police, will not be so great as cxpected. 