Bush-Fires. Rsrosn from across this border, concern*., ing so-called biuhJires, areqoitealaiming,.'' not to mention the sorrbw.«rhich is felt. Is" the term "biuh fire" strictly correct ? Literal!/ we know what the teem signifies; bat when ! we read that * bosh fire has burned down a-Tillage, a pro-cathedral, - .* content, a presbyter?, and some other sacred places,we, are quite sure that In one terj important respect this devastation was; not caused by & bnah fire in the ordinary sense of the term.' We are speaking from personal knowledge when saying that recently a pretty little homestead on a station was bnrned to the ground, ths result oslng dne to the carelessness of the occnpant who. permitted under growth, scrub and, srass, to surronnd the very doorway of 'the homestead. The plape used to be ' beautifully clean and perfectly safe. First cams the undergrowth, then-came the fire. The rest of the story it it' hot necessary . to telL That calamitous fire at Lismoreose fears is in that category. It Is everybody's basinets, therefore it is nobody's business, to keep down undergrowth, near to a' homestead or township. Sometimes^ the local governing body intends to bm it cntdown, but the days wing their way past;, the thing is not done. It is the old story of tho farmer and * the lark. An exoellentv husbandman informed his son that he would hire men to cut down a field of wheat. This intimation greatly alarmed some nnflidged larks in their little nest, and they told their mother. She oado them not to oe'afraid. A* , few days afterwards, the said husbandman. ; remarked that he himself would cut down |that, field of wheat; then the mother lark removed her nestlings. The moral | is that if you want a thing done, you must do it yourself. It is not easy to believe j that, by an act of carelessness, tbe under growth in the neighbourhood of the pro* | cathedral, the convent, and the presbytery at i Lismore was not cut down. But we take - ! the story as it comes, and rat present our (fear is that undergrowth in dangerous [quantities was Tery near to fences | and buildings. at Ltsmore; and that when once fences and buildings were on fire, no mcsns would be found-for preventing the spread of the fire. The holocaust would be complete. The bishop himself is left houseless, though many a home will be open to receive him. The rev. mother and sisters of the convent, are left houseless. In all probability they will be invited for the im mediate present to AIT Hallows' Convent. But all thati however kind, is only temporary. With the least possible delay ths work of the church "and of the convent mast be renewed. There will be a call, load and pathetic, for belp towards the-erection of new buildings with the least possible delay. 'Tbe Govern; ?ment of New South Wales will offer assist* ance to burned, out settlers. Churches, have ,to fall back on themselves, on their people; a very great effort will have to be made; no small sacrifice will have to be made; but it is certain that many a warm heart and many a willing hand will come into the work when the facts are understood and whan the ap peal formally Is made. Bat may we hope that even this great disaster will be an adequate warning? It used to be said' that when a bishop or ftro had been killed on a railway, more care would betaken for the lives of passengers. Why bishops worts selected to dio for ths benefit of the nation never was explained. But here, sure enough, is a saddening example which should be a framing to those having charge of homestead^ ordinarily in mash greater danger to take all possibly precautions against ravages by fire. 