EARLY GIPPSLAND. RANDOM REMINISCENCES. PREVENTING BUSHFIRES. A MYSTERIOUS WOMAN. Sixty years ago Gippsland was practically in unknown territory. The Minister of Customs (Mr Allan McLean) lived in the centre of this wilderness from the time that he was two and a half years of age until quite recently. In an interesting conversa- tion he recalled at random some of his earliest experiences. "My parents," he said," came out to Syd- ney in 1842. They were practically frozen out of Scotland. An exceptionally severe winter decimated my father's flocks. He decided to emigrate. There were no pala- tial mail steamers in those days. It took five months to get to Australia. My father, mother, two sisters and myself landed in Sydney in 1842. I was then two and a half years old. Captain MacAlister whose manager (Mr Angus McMillan) had just discovered Gippsland and was working some stations there for him, offered my father the management of his sheep runs. He accepted the position, and we sailed down the coast to Port Albert, and thence made our way inland. My mother was the first white woman to cross the Glengarry River into North Gippsland. Gippsland was then completely isolated from Mel- bourne on the land side by vast forests and dense scrub. Of course I do not clearly remember the first years of our life in this wild county. But I recollect that our only means of communication with Mel- bourne was the little schooner which brought the stations their stores once a year, and which took back our wool, hides, &c.; Sometimes we ran out of things. Then we borrowed from our neighbours, and paid them back when the next schooner came with stores. We ground our own wheat into flour. First we beat the grain with flails—two sticks connected with a strip of bullocks hide. We thrashed it until we got the wheat and chaff. We then sifted them, and the wind carried the chaff on one side, leaving the wheat by itself. This we ground in hand mills fixed to trees or posts. The land was cultivated with the spade and hoe at this time. Ploughs were of much later date. Amongst the early pioneers I can recall the McMillans, of "Bushy-park"; the Ray- monds of "Stratford," now known as "Strathfieldsaye"; the Joneses, of "Luck- now"; Loughnan and Taylor, of "Linde- now"; the Ogdens of "The Ridge"; the Scotts of "Delvine"; the Kings of "Nam- brook"; the Montgomeries, of "The Hart"; and the McLeods, of Bairnsdale. We had very little cash. Sheep and cattle were our means of barter. You paid in stock for nearly everything. It was with the sheep which we received for managing Captain MacAlister's stations that my father took up a place of his own—"Glenaladale," on the Mitchell River. Our wool was usually sold in Melbourne, and some of our fat cattle were sent to Hobart Town. Stations were not fenced in and en- circled with rabbit proof fencing in those days. The sheep were shepherded on foot, and kept in flocks.There was an abun- dance of grass for them. Many of the men employed to look after the sheep were ticket-of-leave men from Van Dieman's Land or convicts who had served their sen- tences. A great many people were trans- ported in those days for what we would now regard as comparatively trivial of- fences. We had a shepherd for many years—a most excellent worker—who had been sent out for stealing a game chicken. His neighbour had a clutch of them, and he could not resist the temptation to take one. These shepherds would look after the sheep all day, and in the evening they would en- close them in a girdle of hurdles to protect them against the wild dogs, which were very numerous and fierce. If necessary they would also light fires round the mob, and tether dogs in a wide circle, so that they might scare off the dingoes. With the cattle it was different. The boundaries of the stations were defined by a commissioner. Perhaps trees were blazed to make them. But the cattle wandered, and the different herds would get mixed up. When any owner mustered, however, each station would be represented by somebody who knew its brands, and there would be a general sorting out. "The aborigines were very troublesome. Every white man was compelled to carry a gun for self protection. They used to spear cattle, and often made raids on our flocks. I can remember five persons whom they killed. There was Mr Ronald Mac- Alister, near Tarra Creek—a property which I own; a shepherd at Spring Hill, near Sale; two shepherds at Lindenow Flat; and a stockman near Bruthen. So you may imagine that we had to be always on the alert. There was no question of limiting the hours of labour. We had to keep going until every thing was done for the day. It was a fine life, though, in the open air, and one never lacked occupation or got the 'tired feeling.' It was while I was a young man that I 'perpetrated' some verses, of which, like the Prime Minister, I am not so proud to-day. I sent one poem to a paper, and, much to my surprise—and, of course, pleasure—it was printed, and I re- ceived a cheque for £15. One of Anthony Trollope's sons, who was in the district, congratulated me, and told me that his father had not made anything out of his first three novels, and that when his pub- lishers sent him £5 on account of his fourth book he told him (Mr Trollope) that he had hit the public taste, and had a future! "The country was alive with game, and the rivers teamed with fish. There were especially large numbers of kangaroos, emus, 'possums and squirrels. I am sorry to say that many of them have completely disappeared. There were, for instance, a great many different kinds of squirrels. I nave not seen any for very many years. There were the kangaroo rats, too, which made their nests in the ground. You don't hear of them nowadays. It is the same with the birds. Many varieties seem to have become extinct. I cannot describe them for publication because we did not know their scientific names. We christened them ourselves, and our nomenclature would not convey anything to the field naturalist, but, generally speaking, they were small birds. Of course, we had the wild turkey, a very fine bird—but it also appears to be a thing of the past, so far as our part of Victoria is concerned. "The seasons were, I think, hotter and drier than they have been during the last decade. The grass was plentiful, and we looked for bush fires as regularly as the summer came. People have been suffer- ing recently by these fires. We fought them by making fire-breaks, and by exercising constant vigilance. It was absolutely neces- sary that we should protect ourselves against them, otherwise we should soon have been burnt out, homes, stock improvements— everything. What we did was to burn tracks round our pasture lands in the spring as soon as the grass would burn. These breaks varied in width according to the state of the herbage at the time. In some cases they would be half a mile wide, in others very much less. By this means we saved our stations and stock year after year. Every settler who neglected this pre- caution rued his negligence, because the blacks often started fires in order to burn us out. And we had not the advantages in the way of roads and land under cultiva- tion, and large areas cleared of timber, which farmers and squatters have to help them to-day. Bush fires sometimes over- took us when we were droving the sheep. When we saw a fire coming we would put a match to the grass in front of us. It would be bare before the main fire caught up. The sheep would be gathered on the ground we had cleared and the other fire would stop when it reached our camp, be- cause it would not have anything to feed on. That was the only way we could escape. "I have a very vivid recollection of 'Black Thursday,' 1851. The terrible darkness of that day varied in different localities. The whole colony was ablaze. Down in Gipps- land, near our place the hills were on fire right up to the Australian Alps, and even the Alps themselves. There was a very strong wind blowing and it drove immense volumes of smoke down over our place. We were pressing wool at the time. I was a little boy, and I handed the fleeces up to the men. But before luncheon hour we all had to knock off work, because it had become so dark. At first, when sun and sky were obscured by the smoke, the atmosphere turned a lurid red colour. That lasted for perhaps three-quarters of an hour. Then it became pitch dark and we could not see anything a yard away. Millions of half- burnt and charred leaves were flung about. They were carried far out to sea by the wind, and our faces soon became black and grimy. The heat was intense and fearfully oppressive. I think it was about half-past 2 when night seemed to close down on us, and long after sunrise next morning it was dark as early evening. I remember finding a lot of birds strewn about. Some of them appeared to have been suffocated, while others seemed to have flown against trees in the darkness and to have fallen to the ground. The shepherds looking after the flocks near the homestead coo-eed to us, and we returned their call. It was only by our continual coo-ees that they were able to find their way to the house, because they could not see where they were going. It was a frightful day. "I remember that a white woman was supposed to be living with the aborigines in Gippsland when I was a boy. Mr. McMillan and a small party of men were riding about two miles and a half east of where Sale is situated now, and they came across some natives who scampered away into a morass. McMillan asserted that he saw a white woman amongst them. No one else noticed this, and the men chaffed him about his imagination. But when the camping ground was examined a small bit of calico or print was found—something of that kind, and a patch of grass was cut out of the ground in the shape of a heart. The spot, has been known as "The Heart" ever since. Some months afterwards a little black boy was captured, and when he learnt to talk English he said that the tribe had a white woman with them. Several search parties were organised. Hundreds of aborigines were killed in conflicts with them but the pursuit yielded little or no- thing. After a time it was learnt that a chief whose name was pronounced 'Bringel- lina' had this woman. He was caught, but he was a surly, sulky fellow, and very savage. He would not open his lips and died in prison without saying anything. "From a number of young aborigines whom I talked to I gathered that this poor woman wrote on the trees. The boys said she made 'up and down signs'. But the tribesmen guessing that this was a kind of 'yabba' to the white men, cut out what she wrote with their tomahawks. Some years afterwards blacks reported that the tribe did not have a white woman, but the figurehead of a ship, which they carried about with them. My own opinion is, however, that it was a woman. From in- quiries made she seemed likely to be a Miss MacPherson. A schooner was wrecked on the Ninety-mile Beach. The men who were not drowned were probably speared by the blacks, and she was the sole survivor. She was, of course, held captive by the abo- riginies, and was never traced and recovered, though it was rumoured that she was killed while crossing McLellan's Straits, the neck of water between Lake Wellington and Lake Victoria. The mistake has never been cleared up." This mysterious Gippsland white woman, it may be remarked, was the subject of a sketch written for "The Australasian" a few years ago by Miss Howitt. She obtained the materials for the sketch from her father, Mr. Alfred Howitt, who, as is well known, is the repository of a vast collection of aboriginal lore, particularly Gippsland lore. In the story told by Miss Howitt it was suggested that the white woman was the sole survivor of a party, mostly composed of escaped convicts, who made their way across Bass's Straits in small craft, which was wrecked on the Gippsland coast. It was not until the late sixties that a good coach road was opened up between Melbourne and Gippsland. Mr. McLean travelled along it many times, both in the coaches and on horseback. And Sale, the principal township in the district, had a very modest beginning. "Archie Macln- tosh first built a house there," he remarked. "Then an hotel was erected. The first licensee's name was Fidgett, I think. Sub- sequently other people settled there, and the place gradually grew to its present propor- tions." 