EXTENT OF THE OUTBREAKS. latest folic!:. reports. Tho following aro extracts from reports re ceived by Iho luspcctor-Gcnural of Police from his officer) throughout the Slate: — Armidalo, January 3.— One small lire, under control. Arm I i/ale, January 4. — A report received that bush flres broke out at Everslolgh Station, and the owner sent In offering men employment to assist In extinguishing It. i Aralucn, January 3. — Fires principally lit tho mountains, and but very Utile damage done. I Blualong, January 3. — Government buildings saved with difficulty. Every possible nld ren dered by police, assisted by volunteers. Bungoula, January 3. — In Imminent danger , nt present. S'ottlers sufforlng from loss of crops and fences, and In some cases haystacks and outhouses burnt. Llirmcdman, Jnuunry 3. — Only threo small Arcs, which woro extinguished boforo much dam- i ago done, and only about 1000 acres of grues la ; all burnt. i liowuing, January 3 nnd 4. — Enormous amount of damago done; no loss of life, but hundreds , of sheep havo porlsliod. Further rain has fall- j en, and flres woll undor control. No cases re quiring assistance. Bourko. — No bush flros reported In the Bourlco district. In most places, owing to drought, no grass loft to burn. Bratdwood, January 5, — A few acres ot' grass burnt at different placeB, hut nothing to causo any distress which would require Government aid, up to tlio prosont. Thoro aro now no lires in this locality, Bcthungra, January 4. — No persons rendered ; homeless or in need of assistance, llomhala. January 3. — No flres of any conse- qucuco In district. Rain has fallen, and all immcdlalo danger passed. Burrowa, January. 3. — Convent and houses saved owing to 100 men (Including police) burning bleak in grass. Flros said to have been caused through phosphorus laid to poison rabblta. Crookwoll, January 3 nnd 4. — FIre.s under con trol. and beyond damage to fences nnd grass no serious loss sustained. No pcrsonB rendored homeless, and no temporary rolief needed. Collector, January 4. — No very great distress, or persons rendored homeless through flres, though on some of tho holdings all tho grass and much fcnclug destroyed, hut houses saved. No reports of actual distress. Good rata has fallen and fires now extinguished or burut out. Captain's Flat, Janunry 4. — No bush flros now, and up to date no sorlous damage caused beyond destruction of somo fences and grass. Cathcart, January 3. — Two bush fires occurred, and considerable quantity of grass and about 20 chains of log fencing destroyed; a mill also burnt down. ( arcoar, January 3, — Great damago done, polico rendering every asslstaucc to save stock and other property. Flro uuder control, and town safe. Dalton, January 4. — No loss of life or acci dents. Blankets purchased for one family; food and other supplies provided by neighbors and others in district. Two other families burnt out, and tlio polico have been Instructed to purchaso necessaries for them. Drake, January 4. — No bush fires at present in district Beepwatcr, January 4. — Bush lire started ou Battery Mountain, 10 miles distant, but wns extinguished by mluers whoso huts wpro Iq danger. Dungog, January 6. — No Immediate danger; flres out. Rained last night. Emu Flat, January 3.— No damuge by bush flres in district;' tho lire is some miles from any homestead. Frogmore, January 4. — About 15,000 acres grass land burnt, also six haystacks and a quan tity of fencing. Firo woll in hand, and the rata should prevent further outbreak. No llvos lost, nor anyone injured, and no expense In- j currcd. | Glen Innes, January 3. — No hush flros of consequence in district. Gunning, January 3.— Town in no danger, but great losses at Gurrundah, Clear- hills, and Cullarin, principally of grass and fences. No' houses reported burnt, not any loss of life, and Are to great extent subdued. Goulburn, January 4. — Superintendent reports thut, so far, 110 reports as to extent of necessi tous cases, hut not likely to be so great In his district as In othor parts of State. j Giuidaroo. January 3 and 4.— Tliriwi firaa or. i tlnguislied beforo much damago done. No ono ' rendered homeless, and no need for assist- once. ! Hillgrovo, January 3.— Fires ragtag at Hill- grove and Metz. Townships not In danger. Police rendering all possible assistance. j Hillgrove (further reports, January 4 and 6.) I — Several thousands of acres of grass burnt, and great damago done to fencing at Hillgrovo and Metz, but no reports yet to hand as to total loss of stock. Tracks burnt around vil lages to save them. Fire broke out at water works, but soon under way. The country all round is a mass of flames. Invorell, January 4. — No bush flres at pre sent in district. Jindabyne, Janunry 4. — Fires extinguished by rain. They wero chiefly on Crown lands, away from settlement. ; Kookabookra, January 3. — A few bush flres, ' confined principally to mountainous parts of country, and no present danger to buildings. Murray District, January 6. — Owing to rain, no further outbreak Is anticipated, but the loss of property is beyond description. Although many farmera and settlers have been utterly rumed, they nro evidently averse to publishing their destitution, and consequently tho cases of destitution coming under notice are very few. A grant of £10 has been made to each of two families who had everything destroyed, and are destitute. j Major's Creek. January 3. — No bush flres. nor : any danger, as country is soaked with recent rain. Marulan. — January 4. — No cases so far requir- j ing temporary relief. j Moruya, January 3. — Tho most seriouB fire so far is said to have been started In bush near Morricumbene and Dona River, and a number I of persons have lost grass and fences. Firo j now out, with exception of burning Iroes. Maltland, January 5, — Loss about Maltland has fallen chiefly upon large, substantial land-hold- | ers and proprietors. I Mlchelngo. January 3.— All fires extinguished' by heavy rains. | | Murrumburrah, January 3.— Fire passed j through Cunningham Estate, 40,000 to 60,000 acres destroyed, and great number of sheep and cattle. Fires on othor stations, and a number of small farmers have had their crops destroyed. Ail farms on north Bide of road to Wallendbeen so far escaped. Nelllgen, January 3. — Flro swept everything before It for miles; houses, outbuildings, fences, grass, cattlo, etc., destroyed. A number of settlers burnt out, and sohoolhouso and rcsld- enco dostroyed. Loss estimated at £7000, and only ono placo Insured. Now raining, and Are will he extinguished, Parramatta. Windsor. Penrith. Campbelltown. Picton. — Bush Arcs now extinguished. No per sons requiring Government or other assist ance, so far as can be ascertained. Queanbeyan, January 3. — Flro checked, and well in hand. No Uvea lost. Largo amount of property In shape of crops, stock, and fencing destroyod. Only ono homostcad burnt. Whole of fence at Ginlndorra police paddock burnt. Reofton, January 4. — No bush Arcs in district, and now that rain has fallen country fairly safe. Ryo Parle, January 4. — Two dwellings with contents totally destroyed, also sheds and hny- Btaeks. Thousands of sheep have perished, but : owners cannot stato their loss. No loss of life. No occasion to Incur expense. Stocklnhlngal, January 3.— Fires subdued with out much damage. A few points of rata LI I, consequently lessened danger. j ' Sunny Corner, January 4. — Bush fires urdor control. Grass and fcncos to value of z350 destroyed, but no loss of stock, and nom of victims requires assistance from Government. A little rain has fallen, which will check the ; fires. j. | Tarago, January 4. — Nlco fall of rain, vhich j completely extinguished the flres in dlftrlct. i Cannot hoar of anyone in urgent need of assist ance. I Temora, January 4. — Thoso burnod oft aro fairly well-to-do people, aud only ono person rendered homeless. No one actually Itf need; owners insured. Township never in ganger. Good fall of rain, which will probably epp fur ther fires. I Tabulum, January 4. — No bush fires At pre sent in district. , f Tenterileld. January 4.— A fow bush/fires In tho open country and leaseholds aroind Ten terileld, but very little damago done Koopt to grass. No danger to town or any /electors' places, and moat of tho crops have b/ou gatli-' ered In. j j Uralla, Jnnuary 4 and' 6.— Great amount of ; Brass destroyed, but bo far no dange/ to town. < ' . i ' Evory effort bolng made by polico and civilians to keep flames In check. No dwellings de stroyed, and no actual distress. ' Walcha, January 3. — No serious flres in din- j trict. Bush Arcs lu locality not sufficiently strong to causo danger to lifo and property. ! Wyalong, January 3. — No hush lires at present ! In district. Two started on Saturday, but wero | got under before anything serious happened; some fencing nnd grass destroyed. I Wombat, January 4. — No bush flres in tills por tion of Young district, though fires seen all j around, miles away. ! Yasa, Janunry 6. — Relief afforded ono ca3o Ginlndorra, and three nt Dniton; expenditure of £10 to date. Making inquiries regarding others; Mr. Brodio hero. | Young, January 4. — Offender arrested for carc- | lessly leaving firo in tho open. None of settlers or graziers able to state lossco. All those burnod out In fairly good circumstances, and no cases hoard of where assistance from State required. ' Heavy ratas fell yesterday aud put out lires. 