PREVENTION OF BUSH FIRES. Tim Government directs attentiou to the danger of bush-fires, and expresses the hope that all classes of the com munity will combine to prevent, as far as possible, any recurrence of the fires' which devastated large tracts Of country about this time last year, and inflicted heavy losses upon settlers. Government officers in the country have been instructed to aid iu this direction as fur as possible, but the question as to whether any district shall be immune from outbreaks of fire rests 'with the local residents themselves, aud on their good sense aud judgment the 'Government confi dently relies. It-is hoped that steps will be taken to form fire brigades ill appropriate centres,, aud that it well-organised plan, of campaign will be arranged for adoption in the event of their being outbreaks of fire. The question of the causes, and also of the best steps to take with a view to checking the spread of bush fires, was exhaustively investigated at the. instance of the Government last year, aud from the reports ob tained it is clear that bush fires arc generally, if not invariably, to be prevented by proper care in- certain directions. Prominent among the causes of bush fires was shown to be the care less use of wax- matches,, and it is hoped that-ithe general public will refrain froni, carrying tlieni, or care-. fuHy exliiigiiish thein.wheii the object for whicli' tliey haycvblieii . lit- lias been attained.' So . important : a, factor iu tlie question ofI-busli;fire3 are wax matches believed to be- that the Gov ernment has thought it advisable to appeal to country storekeepers to re frain from selling, them during the summer mouths and to stock only wooden matches, and it is hoped that the community at large will discoun tenance the use of wax matches dur ing the sumulbr months. It is generally believed that the use of phosphorus for poisoning rah? bits is another prolific cause of fires, but the investigations conducted seem to show that danger need only to be feared from phosphorus baits care lessly prepared. Tlie Government appeals to pas- toralists and others using phosphorus baits, to mix them with proper care, in order that all danger may be ob viated. Machine-mixers are sold for preparing and cutting up the bait, which minimise the risk -incurred by liniid-mixiug, and, in addition, pro-, perly prepared baits ready ' for use may be obtained from reliable firms. The preparation of "firebreaks," for tlie purpose of preventing tlie spread, of fires, cannot be too strongly recommended. The difficulty of safely burning the grass after it becomes dry enough is fully recognised, but with tlie use of grass fire-extinguishers aud properly made- beaters— which should be a fiat piece of stout raw hide, cut egg-sliape. and attached to a handle— the operation can be safely performed, if a suitable day is chosen. It may be mentioned that the Rail way Commissioner's are taking- steps to burn the grass along, the railway lines, with a view to preventing the possibilty of bush fires from sparks or cinders from locomotives. Around each homestead there should be a good wide firebelt, and fences should also be protected in the same way. i Tlie grass fire extinguisher — that- fs to say, a tank ou wheels, with a orce-pump and'liosc attachment — is the best means of coping with a bush:, "fire when once.it has started, and the provision of such appliances iu ap-. propriate centres is strongly reconi: mended. 