ART EXHIBITION AT FREMANTLE A GOOD COLLECTION. An exhibition of works of art was opened in the Fremantle Town Hall on Thursday afternoon. The fixture was ar ranged for the purpose of bringing to gether the artists in the district, and to encourage the study of art in all its branches by periodical exhibitions. Ready support was accorded, and an in teresting collection of local and loan pic tures was on view. The works shown are of undoubted merit and the ex hibition augurs well for the future scope of the proposed Fremantle Art Club..In the oil paintings the meet no ticeable are: No. 1.-"Harvest Field," by D. Carl ton. No. 5.-"While the Billy Boils," a picture. of an old sundowner seated on a fallen tree beside a. river waiting for the billy to boil for the midday cup of tea, A typical sunshine lightens up the Aus tralian bush scene. No. 10.-A charming evening sketch "On the River unrrae"-by C. Charlton. No. 16.-"A Flower Study," by Miss A. Chidlow, very faithfully rendered. i No. 30.-"An Australian E-eaing Scene," where the road to a homestead crosses a shallow creek. In the fore ground a horseman is letting his horse drink. The artist, D. Carlton, has not succeeded so well with the figures as with the landscape. The drawing is stiff and suggestive of want of study. No. 31.--A mpathetic "Study of Bib ra Lake," by D. Carlton. No. 33.-A study of still life, by Miss Lellingston, shows advanced stu dent work. No. 36.-"Evening on the Murray" by C. Charlton. A very pretty sketch of sunset on the river. No. 34.-"A Bush-fire Scene" (on large canvas), by D. Carlton. The picture shows a large fire sweeping towards a homestead, and figures of farm labour ers and neighbours are hurrying to try and save the home. No. 39 is a delicate study of ivy gera niums by V. Brown. No. 67.-A tastily-deorated folding screen, by Miss Benham. The watercolours are all fairly well represented. Four seascapes, by Swinton A iston, exhibit this artist's good treat ment of water in various aspects. Mr J. E. Millar has several clever studies of ships both old and modern, as well as sketches of the wrecked mail steamer Orizaba. Mr. Stanway Tapp has two clever studies in black and white. Miss Eda Wilson exhibits some pretty tinted photographs, showing the improvement which a little colour gives to these works. An interesting piece of carving by Mr. Alexander Doepel entitled "'Music" shows two fully-carved cupids support ing and playing a violin, inlaid as a mirror, with horns and flute design sup porting same. The workmanship and modelling are of a very high class. Mr. Anderson, of Fremantle, has lent some beautiful specimens of wood-carvings of various kinds exhibiting very high skill and artistic finish. The exhibition will remain open until this afternoon. 