AGRICULTURE IN VICTORIA. BY T.K.D. Th 3 oven course of a cool dry summer has been varied by an extreme heat wave, and a general light rain. In the northern inland areas of the State, the exceptional heat wave did considerable damage to fruit crops, and promoted the spread of destructive bush fires ,but the southern or coastal division es caped the intense heat and the visitation of fires. It is seldom that great heat in the north so completely cojifincs itself to the country beyond the Dividing Range, and to the exceptional circumstance on the present occasion is due the fact that the agricul ture, nf tiio stain has Kiifforfiri eomnarativelv little. The larger area of our crops liable to suffer from extreme heat is in the coastal section, while the grain crops of the north are at this time of year past all danger but that from fire. The fires have been exten sive and destructive within comparatively small districts, and these districts are situ attd mainly in the hilly and timbered coun try, where cultivation is not largely carried on. Losses by fire, therefore, have been for the greater part losses of grass and live stock, which, however severe in many individual cases, do not bulk largely in proportion to the interests of the whole State. The harvest has not been seriously interfered with, and as the work proceeds the varying character ??-- ot 'the returns is maintained, continuing the expectation of a fairly good average yield. Dairying returns are diminishing, although *'?_? not quite so rapidly as might have been ex pected. A gratifying report upon the char acter of our butter in the London market has. been received from the Acting Agent General, a leading agent stating that the quality has never been better than this season. BAD FARMING. The results of the harvest are making it clear that good farming has everywhere pro duced a heavy yield, notwithstanding what ever adverse conditions prevailed. In all districts there are many good crops, but the average in each case will be comparatively low owing to the great number of very light yields. There are crops of from 2 bushels to 5 bushels per acre in districts which possess many crops yielding from 10 bushels to 25 bushels. Dry and cold winds in November and other causes produced the poor crops, but the same winds and rainless weeks were also endured by the good crops, preventing them from being much better than they are. It is evident, therefore, that bad farming is responsible for the bad crops. The season was not, like the previous one, good enough to make badly-farmed land productive, but it was good enough to give a profitable yield on land property farmed. In order to have secured a good crop it was not necessary to have farmed well according to theoretical principles as understood in other countries, but only to have farmed in the way practical farmers approve of in every district under notice. The poor crops were produced by a system of bad farming that is entirely with out excuse. The men who have the poor crops crops know that the land had not a fair chance, but the single exceptional season of the previous year offered an excuse for Ramb ling upon the hazard of another extra favour able season. One is disheartened in regard to the prospects of numerous agricultural re forms of a new and unfamiliar character when there is a failure to adopt the methods which are generally acknowledged to bo essential to success. No wheat-growing farmer Mill dis pute the value of fallowing, but the average yield of the State continues t.o be kept down by a considerable area of unfallowed ground. COUNTRY FIRE BRIGADES. As regularly as the summer comes round the agricultural press calls attention to the importance of taking steps to protect the crops and homesteads of the northern far mers from destruction by fire, and the pro portion of farmers who take any action in the matter remains about the same. Such pre cautions as are taken are sufficient to assist in checking an ordinary fire, but in order to be of effective service in the case of a great fire, the precautions would have to be taken by the majority instead of by an individual here ... and there. One reason why more is not done is. perhaps, the conviction that general co operative action is not necessary, and it is surprising that so little has been accomplish — — . — , ? _ ? . ? _, ed in the way of organising forces against so real a danger as summer fires. What is wanted is a means of concentrating efforts upon a given point promptly at the outbreak of a fire, and this could be oasily accomplished by the formation of country brigades. The organisation of such brigades is manifestly suitable work for the country shire councils. There is no reason why these local governing bodies should confine their entire attention to making roads and offering bonuses for fox or rabbit skins. Surely protecting the pro perty of a district from fire is a legitimate i work for a shire council, and such a body could carry it out at a minimum cost. By making such precautionary measures as ploughing fire breaks compulsory, and organi sing a means of concentrating a small force of men upon a point of danger, it would be | easy to ensure safety from a serious danger, which has hitherto been escaped only by good luck. SWINE FEVER. As the season favourable for swine fever approaches the disease is beginning to make its appearance. It has shown itself in one or two important pig-producing centres, and there is no doubt that care will have to be taken to avoid a repetition of the general outbreak which cost the country so much. Mr. Wallace, the Director, is on the alert and he is hopeful of preventing the spread of the disease without inflicting undue in convenience upon .the pig-keepers of the State. Unless the. disease ceases to spread the Department intends to close the store pig markets in infected districts. It is by the stocking up of farms from these store pig markets that infection is carried abroad. In the case of the fat-pig markets the danger is not so great, as the animals are slaught ered after leaving the yards. The Director in deciding to try closing the store-pig mar kets in the first instance is making a suffi ciently sympathetic concession to the con venience of farmers in infected districts, for it cannot be questioned that the danger of allowing the disease to spread must be avoided. The cost of reaching the present position of comparative immunity has been borne largely by the pig-keepers themselves, and now that 1he work of completely eradi cating the disease is in the hands of the Government there must be no relaxation of effort. Reasonable Government supervision, backed up by the general adoption of sani tary management of the farms, would quickly in our favourable climate rid the industry of this scourge. Dry, well-ventilated styes, free from cold draughts, have been shown to be necessary, and the disease is destruc tive enough to bring such into general use. 