GENERAL NEWS. Following upon the most successful anniversary services in the Town Hall last Sunday the Congregational Sunday School had another excellent service and prize distribution in the Alice Street Church on Tuesday night. The edifice, which was packed with parents and child- ren, was most tastefully decorated for the occasion. The happy children in bright array, were seated in tiers of seats fac- ing the congregation. The popular pas- tor, the Rev. R. R. Greenwood, who is mainly responsible for the marked Con- gregational revival that had taken place, occupied the chair, while Mr. Theo. Davis was in charge of the musical ser- vice, which was most enjoyable through- out. The Secretary, Mr. W. Cross, read the annual report, which showed that during the year they had lost 41 child- ren and gained 39, and at the end of June there was a total of 99 on the roll. Since that time more new teachers and new scholars had been enrolled. The financial position stood with a credit balance of £10 6. During the evening Mr. Cartwright gave a short address, Rnd urged parents to send their children regularly to Sunday School. The or- chestra consisted of Misses F. and K Blanchard and G. Fagg, Mr. A. Walsh, and Mr. W. W. Dunn, flautist. A num- ber of songs and hymns were contributed by Misses Ida Dunn and Elsie Lee, and Master Ben Van Cooten and Mr. T. Selwood, of Gympie. A dialogue was ilso nicely rendered by several of the scholars. Before the close of the even- ing Rev. R. R. Greenwood, on behalf of the teachers, thanked the many friends who had so kindly assisted in making the anniversary a success. Prizes were distributed to the successful scho- lars during the evening as follows : — Infants (boys)— Ben Van Cooten, 1 ; Lionel Laing. 2. Girls— Lily Cross, 1 ; Elsie Royle, 2. Girls (class 4)— Olive Mickelson, 1; Hilda Maitland, 2. Class 3— Grace Cartwright, 1; Dolly Mait- land, 2. Class 2— Rose Ward, 1; Grace Bremner and Hilda Mickelson, equal. Class 1—Lizzie Reaney, 1 ; Maud Royle, 2: Jessie Van Cooten, special. Boys (class 3)— John Laing, 1 ; Tom Tedford, 2\. Class 2— Harry Ward, 1 ; Harry Mickelson, 2. Class 1–Jack Maitland, 1 ; Jack Tedford, 2. Bible Class.— Flor- rie Cross and Alex Van Cooten (special.) The "Star of Peace" Lodge, I.O.G.T. held their usual weekly meeting in the "Star" Hall on Tuesday night, the at- tendance being good, C.T. Bro. A. R. Knowles, presiding. The district repre- sentative, Sis. Middleton, gave a very full report of proceedings of last dis- trict lodge session, and received the thanks of the lodge for her report. Birth- day greetings was tendered to Sis. Mrs. Webb, whom the members were pleased to see with them that night and who treated the members and visitors to a bountiful supply of fruit, etc. The even- ing was spent in a "Bobs" competition, Bro. S. L. Warrell being responsible. The game was entered into with much merriment, and resulted in Sis. Abra- hams and Bro. W. Wells winning the prizes. The pleasant evening then closed in the usual way by the C.T. In connection with the cessation of the C.S.R. Company's special sugar train to Brisbane and the adoption, instead, of the despatch of the sugar by rail to Bundaberg, for shipment to Sydney, it seems to us that, while not desiring to deprive Bundaberg of traffic, the company should find frequent con- venient opportunities of shipping large consignments of the sugar over the Mary- borough wharves. Only the other day the Colac after loading log timber for Sydney proceeded to Mackay to take in sugar. Why not have loaded up with Isis sugar? The Konoowarra on her return trip from Rockhampton will call in specially at Bundaberg and take in a large loading of Isis sugar. The General Traffic Manager is mak- ing a tour of the district railways. Yes- terday he inspected the Mount Perry line, and to-day he proceeds to Gladstone. On Saturday he will inspect the Isis and Pialba branches. Mr. Dunbar is being accompanied on his inspection by the local district officials. Bristling Bargains in Men's, Youths', and Boys' Clothing, Shirts, Hats, &c.;, Furnishing and Furniture, will be the order of the day on Saturday next at "The Busy Corner." See Front Page ! George Stupart The first of the Red Cross balls was held in the Exhibition Hall last night, but the success with which it met was not such as to give any encouragement to the pro- moters, and the result will not materially benefit either the Lady Musgrave Hospital or the Ambulance Transport Brigade Hos- pital, in whose aid this ball was arranged. The reason why the ball was so poorly pat- ronised is hard to explain, for circumstances were all favourable for a huge success. Last night was a beautiful moonlight night, the floor of the hall was in perfect condi- tion, really first class music was provided, an excellent supper, one entirely worthy of such an occasion, was set forth, and then again the tickets were sold at such a price as should alone have assured the presence of a very large number of dancers. Perhaps the reason for such meagre patronage may to some extent be found in the fact that such entertainments have been rather more numerous than usual this season, and that there have already been two very successful balls during the current week, but as the dancing public have seen fit to turn out in such large numbers to every other function of this nature held during this year, no matter what its object was, it was certainly to be expected that more than twenty five couples and about forty spectators would have been present, if only for the purpose of assisting the two deserving institutions, for whose benefit it was promoted. It is unnecessary to comment on the usefulness of these institutions, but it may be pointed out that their appeals to the public are few and far between, and as outside of subscrip- tions, these annual balls, which have invari- ably been most successful in the past, re- present one of their main sources of re- venue the comparative failure of last evening's function is to be deplored, and it is to be sincerely hoped that to-night's ball will be so largely attended as to in some measure make up for it. Mr. E. B. C. Corser acted as M.C., and under his able direction a very pleasant even- ing's dancing was enjoyed by those pre- sent, to the music of an orchestra con- sisting of Miss D. Higgins (piano), Mr. A. Walsh (violin), and Messrs. H. Popp and S. Whitaker (cornets.) Verto's biotint entertainers are adver- tised to open for a season at the Town Hall on Monday night. The entertain- ment is reputed to be one of the best of its kind on the road and in addition to the exposure of a large number of new and original moving pictures, some of them of the most sensational description, the artists connected with the show are all expert entertainers. These include Verto, illusionist and conjurer, Miss May Meredith, Coon Impersonator, Hugh Huxham, Harry Rocks, Carl Wallner, Bob Stuvet, and the "Beautiful Iris." Box plan at Dawson's. The property known as the Marybo- rough Flour Mill, was put up for auction by Mesrs. Bryant and Co., at their rooms yesterday. A number of leading citizens were present, but no bid was made. Mr. Bryant then said he was prepared to sell the property privately for £2,750. We understand that a private sale is likely to be effected in a day or two, and milling operations started once more. It is to be hoped that this will prove to be the case. The unexpected little thunderstorm which passed over the town early yes- terday morning yielded enough rain to put a ring or two into household tanks, but was of no value to vegetation, and shortly after sunrise the soil looked as parched as ever. Yesterday was quite a sultry day with strong north wind. Last night was fine, but close and foggy, the conditions being favorable, appar- ently for further electric disturbances. A scene of the wildest description was witnessed in the Well Meadow, Blairgow- rie, where the annual fair is being held (says the "Weekly Scotsman" of 29th July.) A lioness in Chippenfield's mena- gerie escaped from its cage while an exhi- bition was in progress, and a panic en- sued among the audience, who rushed for the exit, shrieking and knocking down and trampling on each other in their eagerness to escape. The Well Meadow was crowded with holiday makers, and a general stampede took place. The train- ers and others in attendance in the menagerie procured rifles, and tried to shoot the animal before it got out to the open, but in this they were unsuc- cessful, and one of the attendants was shot in the ankle. The lioness made its way out of the menagerie, and rushed through many of the side shows, and along the west side of the Well Meadow, and around by the foot of Leslie and Allan streets, followed by its keeper and other armed men. The crowd disap- peared in a twinkling, finding shelter in shops, houses, and other premises as best they could, some also climbing on to the top of the caravans. The lioness made for the shop of Mr. George Halson, confectioner, and those inside just man- aged to shut the door in its face. When in the open, it was impossible to hoot at the lioness, because of the peo- ple, but as they quickly got out of the way, several shots were fired into it at Mr. Halson's door, and one of them brought down the beast. A rifle ball went right through the door of Mr. Hal- son's shop, and lodged in the leg of Mrs. Thom. Westmill, who was inside. The carcase of the lioness was taken back to the menagerie. The London correspondent of the "Daily Mail" writes:— "Mr. Tom Mann, in an article in the "Clarion" this week, advises home readers to guard against drawing conclusions that the Labour par- ties in Australia are genuinely socialists. Only a small percentage of the Parlia- mentarians belonging to the various State Labour parties are real straight- out socialists, and at home they would be condemned as Liberal-Labour men." Mr. Mann finds "considerable pleasure" in indorsing and advocating socialism, economically and ethically, as propoun- ded by the wicked Europeans of the Con- tinent, and knows of no other socialism properly so-called. He adds. "I think we shall soon make the Labour crowd here a bit ashamed of their attempt to pose as such genuine respectabilities of the semi-quasi-religious Liberal British (small "B" please) Australian type, and they will be found sturdily defending the economies of the scientific school of socialists found now in every country in the world." It would be interesting to get from the "Labour crowd" an equally frank statement of their opinion of Mr. Tom Mann." A lad named Edward Gilchrist, son of Mr. James Gilchrist, of Gundiah, had his thigh broken on Monday through a log rolling on him. He was brought to Maryborough and taken to the Hospital by the Ambulance Brigade. The best medicine known is SANDER & SONS' EUCALYPTI EXTRACT. Test its eminent powerful effects in coughs, colds, influenza; the relief is instantane- ous. In serious cases and accidents of all kinds, be they wounds, burns, scald- ings, bruises, sprains, it is the safest remedy; no swelling — no inflammation. Like surprising effects produced in croup, diphtheria, bronchitis, inflammation of lungs, swelling, &c.;, diarrhoea, dysentery, diseases of the kidneys and urinary or- gans. SANDER & SONS' EUCALYPTI EXTRACT is in use at hospitals and medical clinics all over the globe; patronised by His Majesty the King of Italy ; crowned with medals and diplo- mas at International Exhibition, Amster- dam. Trust in this approved article and reject all others. The usual monthly sitting of the Bun- daberg land Commissioner's Court was held at the Bundaberg Lands Office on Wednesday, before the Commissioner H. St. John Wood, the following being part of the business done : —Applications for Certificates of performance of conditions —Granted: C. R. Briggs, 49v, 1895 acres, agricultural farm, South Kolan ; C R. Briggs, 60v, 2745 acres, grazing farm, Mingo. Adjourned: E. K. Tids- well, 74v, 884 acres, grazing farm, Walla; W. Griffin, 454 acres, agricul- tural homestead, South Kolan; W. Zim- merlie, 25v, 285 acres, agricultural farm, Eureka; Wm. Zimmerlie, 27v, 159 acres, agricultural farm, Eureka; C. Rein, 34v, grazing farm, Mingo ; J. Mander- son, 16v, 320 acres, agricultural home- stead, St. Agnes. A writer in one of the Northern papers who has been travelling in the Flinders country, reports that the bush travel- ling rat has again made its appearance. The pest has not been in evidence since 1878\. They do considerable damage to stores, rations, saddlery, and in gardens they destroy a lot, eating beetroot, pota- toes, and any vegetables ; even flowers do not escape the rats. They come in millions, no person seems to know where from or where they disappear to when they leave a district. The rats cause many bushfires ; they start to eat a wax match, being fond of anything in the nature of fat; their front teeth project beyond the mouth so they strike a match while chewing it, and then being fright- ened, they drop it and away goes the grass if it is dry enough to burn. The young gentleman who had been acquainted with a girl two nights at- tempted to kiss her at the gate. After- wards he told the doctors that just as he kissed her "the earth slid from under his feet, his soul went out of his mouth, and his head touched the stars." A later despatch shows that what ailed him was the old man's boot. 