UNDEVELOPED SOURCES OF WEALTH. No. I. IBy "Orlando.") In one of his interpsting lectures en titled "Socialism and Individualism," the Archbishop of Melbourne somewhat paradoxically declared that gold was. not wealth. 'The wealth of a country," said Dr. Clarke, "consists in its natural resources, in the harvcst dependent on sunshine and rain, in the skill anil in dustry whereby law material is trans formed for man's use, in the fidelity and courage of its religious teachers, I and the honesty and integrity of its statesmen ..... Our State's greatest need to-day is a rapid and continuous growth in the number of its inhabitants. That would increase the demand for inanufactuled g-ds and create more work...... My hope is less in the extension of State interference than in that of individual effort. To estab lish a system of communism would be robbcry. To open the door to envy and covetousness is to close that of hope for social progress . . Every man must contribute his share and part in the labour and toil needed to reap the fruits of the earth." Noble utteranees, these of Dr. Clarke, and they are a complete answer to the dogma of the irresponsible socialistic domagogues who are bent on the spoliation and ruin of all who have vested interests in the Commonwealth. It is generally conceded that agricul ture is the back-bono of every country under the sun. If it had not been for the prosperity of her peasant proprio tors. France could not have paid the enormous indemnity demanded by the victorious Tcuton after the France Prussian War of 1870-71. What sup ports Ballarat-the finest provincial city in Australasia ? Not the "saint seducing gold," bust agriculture or farm ing. which, according to PRalph Waldo Em-nrsion, "has in all cyevs its ancient charm, as standing nearest to God. the first cause." The "tSage of Con cord" truthfully observes : '-l e farm: cr is the continuous hbenefntcr. -I who digs a well, construca s a stone fountain, plants a grove of tre s by the roadhide, plants an orchard. huilds a durable house. reclaims a snwamp, or so much as puts a stone seat by the wary, makes the land so rar lovely and desirable, makes a fortune which he cannot take away with him. hut which is useful to his country long after wards." Stagnation in Population and Pro duction. Mr. Donald Macdonald, the able Australian chronicler of the protracted siege of Ladysmith. drew attention re cently to the deplorable stagnation in pipulation and productivity in Au:s tralia. and gave some interesting facts and figures to show what other coun tries are doing to attract population and increase the output of products. Australian farmers, he pointed out, were no longer competitors with each other for a limited local market. Ever- producer in our broad lines of export-whest, wool, meat, fruit, and butter-was competing with other countries for a share in the world's market. Our share of the market was pitiably small, and; instead of turning all our efforts towards increasing set tlcement, so that there might be a great 9 er , number of people and, a greater a increase in national wealth to bear the ever-increasing cost of government, we were trying to cure national stagnation with the socialistic theories as to limiting production and labour, which r had their origin in the overcrowded nations of Europe. There have been several courses to account for the stagnation in the population and out put of products in Australia. In the early history of the Eastern colonies the land legislation was a series of crim inal blunders; there was absolutely no classification of agricultural and pas toral lands, and hundreds of millions of acres were disposed of by Crown auction sales at ridiculously low prices; free selection before survey followed, and proved quite abortive in settling the people on the land; and the inevitable result was a species of land monopoly which had no parallel in any other country in the world; periodical droughts and bush-fires ruined thousands of sturdy settlers; and subsequently the appalling wane of commercial depression swept the con tinent from end to end .or several years, and for which it is only now on the threshold of recovery. Monopoly of Land. The main cause of our decadence is unquestionably the stupendous mono poly of the origin of all productions the land. In the course of an able address at Bourke. a few years ago, Mr. G. H. Reid (then leaner of the Opposition in the New South Wales Legislative Assembly) very truthfully remarked that most of the questions of the future slumbered beneath- the sur face of the griat pastoral districts. "It cannot b1. he said, "that miles upon miles of rich soil should remain for ever the domain of sheep and cat tie." These observations were re echoed by every true lover of progress. There is no gainsaying the tact that the pastoralists were tno pioneers of civilisation in Australia ; but the time is fast approaching for a closer settle ment on lands suitable to agriculture of a sturdy class of yeomen, who will be content with small holdings. The quantity of land absolutely alienated and conditionally sold in the State of New South Wales is simply astounding. Very remarkable and striking were some of the statements made some years ago at a public meeting of the New South Wales Nationalisation League as to the extent to which the monopoly of the land in the State has been carried. The then Minister for Lands stated at a public banquet ainat fourteen personrd had, become possessed of 14,000,000 acres of freehold land in tne State since 1861; and in connee uon therewith the chairman of .e public meeting boldly asserted that a large portion of the alienated land had been acquired by fraudulent means. Another gentleman declared that halt of the titles held by the owners of 40,000,000 acres of land were pro cured by fraud. Recont disclosures be fore the New South Wales Land Com iission, appointee to inquire into Iscores of scandals and charges of brib cry and corruption, are, to put L, mildly appalling. To sift the count less acts of turpitude alleged against politicians and traffickers in land is a most stupendous undertaking, and eventualities will he eagerly awaited throughout the Commonwealth. Reverting to land monopoly, the late Mr .James Tyson owned more sheep and land than any six other pastoralists in Australasia. He and sis three 'brothers. before the dis covery of gold in Noew South Wales, purchased a holu.ng on the Lachlan Rivqr for £250, which amount they had great difficulty in scraping to gether. Sir Samuel Wilson, the erst while Irish linen-draper-who was knighted for his gift of £30,000 to the Melbourne University, and who thin migrated to England, was re turned to the House of Commtions, and subsequently purchased Hughenden Manor, the seat of the Earl. of tsea consfield, owned hundreds of miles in Western Victoria. Sir W. J. Clarke, the millionaire baronet of Victoria, left to his heir a magnificent estate near Melbourne, through whidh the. railways runs for 30 miles, in addition to vast squattages in Queensland and New Zealand. Many British noblemen and others resident in Great Britain own millions of acres of pastoral pro perties and enormous real estates in Australia.- The greatest wool king now living is Sid Samuel McCatughey, M.L.C., New South Wales. Hlo is a leviathan among squatters, the largest shearer of sheep in the whole world. Including freehold and leasehold, he has 3,000,000 acres of land. His big station in the R iverina he designates a mere "stud farm." It is only a tuade of 40,000 acres of freehold and 5,000 of leasehold. -The rest of his land in New South Wales is on the Darling, w here he has two immense stations-Tooralie and Dunlop. .Near Hughenden, in Northern Queensland, he owns a million of acres. During one drought of 18 monses in Western New South Wales his losses in lsheep and lambs totalled 360,000 1 He can still boast, however, sat he shears Iis million sheep a year. This in the record, not only for Australia, hut for the world. "Sir Samuel iucCaughey can claim to be the greatest single sheep-on?ner on earth. Tn the words of .ir. G. H. Reid, "If the present system of land alienation goes on much longer. the patriotic hope of producing a race of hardy freehold ers will scarcely be. realised." The present conditions uihdoubtedly point to a ~cneratiou of dependents tilling the soil for the benefit of a small num her of large land-owners. Pastoralists not Alone the Sinners. The greatest curse which besets Aus tralia to-day is the monopoly of lnnd by pastoralists and agriculturists alike. in the heavily- timbered districts of Vic toria it is found impossible to clear completely a selection of 320 acres and bring it under the plough. In regard to this subject, the Chief Justice (Sir John Madden) pointed out some time ago that in many districts of the southern State there are miles of primeval scrub, dotted only here and there with a fence and a homestead. The land is practically nonutilised, and the occupiers, disheartened by the ,'gantic task presented to them in the clearing, of their selections, in many cases givero up in despair, and settle down to a ':miserable existence." Those remarks might also be applied to New South Wales, writh a territory thrice the size of that in Victoria. Selec tors, by taking up hundreds of acres more than they can clear and cultivate, Sare preventing others from selecting it and becoming settlers in their dis tricts. With this frightful monopoly i of land so glaringly rampant, the piti mable sight is often seen of hundreds of men and women congregated about a country land office anxiously awaiting the results of their balloting for a few areas, in their eagerness to secure which some of them travel hundreds. of miles and risk the loss of much time: andt mon'ey. Thereo ar? scores cil ie tlerl in New South Wr-les who har frseeholds ef fromn 10.000 to 1.3,000 acres and who do not individually utilise 1?0, acres. Some of these men do not hesitate to affirm that. they arcb hurdn -.:1 with too much land, and there are many who would gladly abandoni half their :i !rc'tions. In oomme parts eo New South Wales selectors 1:ave receir- . ed no cncourancment. or stimulus to till the soil. Even in districts where there is railway communication with the seaboard. the freights for various kintts of produce are so xcressrve that I they ab:solutely leave 'o margin for profit. T'he brutal indifference display ed by former Governments as to the I welfare of agriculturists has made t settlers land monopolists in spite of themselves. Thi result is that to-day = a vast number of selectors are mere e traffickers in land and sheep. and either acquire additional acres and become f squatters on a small ccale; or they sell their laud and take lip selections else where, and hus repeat their perlm cious practises. It is about time that some drastic t means were taken in New South Wales to put a stop to the nefarious little games of the traffickers in land. As a ruile, the land trafficker is a non prodieer. and therefore an excrescence on the State. He never even grown a cabbage for his own use. He keeps neither cows, pigs, nor poultry. con scquently his table is never disgraced by milk and butter. pork or eggs. His habitation usually consists of a bark "humpy." containing one or two rooms, where dirt and desolation reign sup reme. He is invariably ignorant and lazy: and if he is married and has a wifoe and family, they are greatly to be pitied. His "better half" nill, in spite of herself, become a slattern; and the offspring will not be one whit bet ter than the aboriginals in their habits. Classification and Right Use of Lands. The great. need throughout Australia is a thorough classification of agricul tural and pastoral lands; and in certain districts the cultivation of small areas should be encouraged by all possible means. The Governments of Victoria and New Zealand have long ago recognised that it is qflite as important that lands already occupied should' be put to the best possible use, as that people should be settled up on unoccupied areas; and the time has most assuredly arrived for the other States in the Commonwealth to pursue similar lines of policy in regard to districts that are suitable for agricul ture. The Commonwealth probably imports annually over £3,000,000 worth of produce, which could be raised with in its own boundaries--if the lands were properly utilised; and this de sirable consummation can only he effected by compelling monopolists to give up to the States the areas which they can never hope to put to any practical use. The Slavery of Wheat Growing. Combined with the monopoly of land, the greatest drawback to the progress of agriculture in Australia is that too many agriculturists rely solely upon wheat growing as their means of subsistence, instead of a variety of products. An Adelaide journal (the -'Garden and l icld") wrote ito fol lowing anent the subject a few years ago, and the views contained therein are just as forcible to-day: *The most noble occupation under the sun is that of farming; but the 'farmer' is a man who conquers the earth and Nature, and comoels Nature, by his, skill, to produce everything that the land cast produce. The man who grows notuing but wheat makes a mistake when he calls himself a farmer, because after a few years he cannot get enough out of the soil to repay muim for his labour. lie must grow meat and wool, fruit, vegetables, milk, cheese, bacon, eggs. and anything else that can be sold to the dwellers in towns or cities. If he produces a great. variety of articles lie is certain of obtaining an income from some of them, and will be independent and comfortable all the time. The persistent wheat- grower gets up every morning in dread and goes to bed every nieht in fear; and when harvest time comes round, if the seasons have not beeni just as lie would have ordered tuem to he-if lie had too power-h!* reaps no crops, or very poor ones, and then wants everybody's pity, sympathy, and assistance. The wheat- grower is a slave to the soil; the farmer is too master of his land. Neglected Agricultural Industries. Some of the products which are now neglected, and for which a profitable home and export trace migut he secur ed, can be enumerated as follows : '1 no extensive cultivation, in suitable localities, of currants and dates, and of almonds and other uinds of nuts, the growing o! sugar-beet and sunflowers, the planting of olive, castor and other oil trees, and the development of the flower farming or perfume industry. First among these is sugar-beet, the cultivation of which has been taken up so cordially in California. Next to beet in order of importance should be placed sunflower cultivation. both for oil and other products. The olive in dustry in California is now the most probhtablo of all horticultural ventures, and why should not the industry be in troduced in Western Australia and other parts of this Continent ? In some of the coastal districts there is no better soil or climate for olive production, and the market is always sure in the Australian cities. Labour difficulties do not affect olive culture, because very little labour is needed in extracting the oil, which is the souirce of profit. In California the olive groves are plac ed in canyons which protfect them from high and -estructive winds, and hero we have thick shrubs that -would act as similar agents for protection. Thirty years ago olive oil was almost an un Kn?wn product iti California, aird the demand then nwas small in proportion; but now the demand has increased so much as to be largely in excess of pro duction. It woumd be the same in cer tain parts of Australia, as good olive oil is always an enquired for com modity. The Jewish population con sumes the largest onantity of olive oil, but it must be genuine to secure their customn. All theseo products would serve to add to the wealth of the Com monwealth; anu, there is certainly no good reason, too, why the w;ole of the jams. sauces, piclkles, and candied citron and lemon peel that are re quired should not be made in each Statc, instead of many thousands of pounds being spent every year in in porting t.lem, principally frnm the Pa cific Slope. Queensland is the home of the pincappld in Australia, and it is simply astounding that immense can ned supplies of this fruit are imported into the Niorthern State from Califor nia. But this lack of energy is char acteristic of Australians. and is repre hensible to the highest degree. There is no danger of over-production, be cause Great Britain imports annually over £10.000,000 worth of dried dan canned fruits, raisins, currants, oranges and lemons. The Uniter States are only partially supplied, and then there is India, which is essentially an Austral inn (particularly Western Australian) market. Bfit tho hulk of the British and Indian trade can only he secured hby means of energy, and with the po tent aids of chean land, irrigation, in tense culture, and increased railways. Horticultural Openings tor i omen. Some time ago a correspondent of the "National Review" gave a few valuable " Hints for the Single Women o'f the United Kingdom," by pointing out the onenings there are for them in the colonies, namely in ...e cultivation. preserving, and packing of fruit. As in farminr, a piece of land from 10 to .10 acres devoted to horticulture is a source of greater prou, and pleasure than a block of 500 acres. There are nearly 30.i,"0 women engaged in ,-is industry in the United States (many of whom are British), and the very pertinent question was asked :-Why should not the same proportion exist in the colonies? The field is practi cally open. for the onposite sex have shown little enterprise except in the case of viticulture in New South Wales and horticiire i- Victoria. There are fear farns that. put up jams and jellies, ann none that bottle or can fresh fruits. As for drying apples, apri cots, figs (pruine. are not ectilivateai, no one. except the Chafficys, at M3il dura. has ever attempted this industry on a largc scale. It is the boast of Cali fornia that she supnhles Australia wi,.l canned fruit'. raisins. and actuany honyr. when fruit as tine as any in the " Golden St:ite"' rots on the ground. And yet Australians do not apprar to regarrd their neglect, laziness, and supinlencs'. as reimrchcns.ule. 