BUSH FIRE IN THE HILLS. ECHUNGA IN DANGER. LADY NEARLY TRAPPED BY THE FLAMES. ' Echunga, January 23 Echunga has been blue with smoke for the last few days. Bush'fires, which origi- nated from the Echunga diggings nearly a' week ago, made great headway on Monday morning, hot winds, which blew from the west and north-west, 'bringing the fire within half a mile of the township. At midnight on Sunday the blaze abated a little, and the fire fighters seemed to have more control ever it. About 3 a.m. on Monday strong winds sprang up, and~made the fire more vigor- ous than ever. Nearly the whole of the townspeople have been out beating the flames from Monday morning till to-night, and have not yet returned home. Early this morning the fire "bifurcated to the north and south, leaving the township within the fork.- Had this not happened the place would have-been destroyed. The fire has burned acres of good grass and wattle country; also fences, sheds, and haystacks. The fire is at present in valuable property, owned by Mr. War- land. Miss Parkes, an elderiy lady, was nearly burned to death yesterday. 'In order to save her animals and home- stead she took a bough in hand and battled with the flames. She was too excited to nonce her own danger until she was surrounded by the flames. Having a billycan of water with her she had the pre- sence of mind to wet her clothes so that they would not catch fire. A couple of men saw her danger and came to her as- sistance just in time to save her. To-night the fire is well in hand, the wind being in favor of the fighters, while the air is much cooler. Tlie fire has extended north and south five miles in each direction, but many willing hands have prevented it from spreading into the township. The greatest losers by the fire are Messrs. Berry, Warland, Plane, Burton, Schunke, und O'Connell. FIRE AT MOUNT CRAWFORD. Gawler, January 23. A fire broke out near Mount Cratyford yesterday afternoon and caused consider- able alarm in the.neighborhood. It started in Mr. Robert Ro*s' property, and is sa.d to have been caused by a picnic party. The picnickers left hurriedly and the fire quickly spread. Large numbers of men gathered, and in the early morning they had the fire pretty well in hand, but a change of wind later on gave it another start. About 400 acres of grass and some fencing belonging to Mr. Ross were con- sumed, and the Hon. John Warren is also a sufferer. 