THE BUSHFIRES. PARTICULARS OF THE VIC. TORIAN DEVASTATION. WHOLE DISTRICTS SWEPT. SENSATIONAL EXPERIENCES.. EXTENT OF CONFLAGRATIONS WORSE THAN IN 1898. HOUSES, GRASS, AND CROPS BURNED. FURTHER LOSS OF LIFE. SOME REMARKABLE ESCAPES. Melbourne, January 25. So far as actual damage to private property is concerned, the Daylesford district seems to have suffered most from the bushfires. The flames spread over thickly-settled country, and left blackened houses behind them. How the fire started is unknown, but what ever may have been the cause the ef fect is the same. Scattered villages were envoloped and ravaged, and ordin ary precautions were useless. The fire was not the ordinary grass-fire-it was one in which a forest was burning. It was not one in which a sharp flame licked up the grass-it was one in which great beams of wood were being con sumed. The fire was on Tuesday aided by a fierce hot wind, which dried up the natural moisture in the leaves of green trees. The consequence was that the trees caught fire more easily. There were two predisposing causes-hot winds and a hot sun. These acted to gether, and when the fierce fire came in there was but one effect possible. To the north of Daylesford there is a large extent of Crown lands, clothed with a forest of saplings. - All over that area are small blocks of land held by miners, fruitgrowers, woodcarters. and labourers. Along a well-metalled road were the buildings of two little towns--Spring Creek (three miles from Daylesford) and Hepburn (about a mile further on). The well-known Hepburn mineral springs. in the neighbou'hood, attract a number of tourists, and many boarding-houses. prettily-situated in the bush growth, were erected to provide for the visitors. It was over this pic turesque and thickly-settled district that the fire, driven by a fierce gale, burst with fearful suddenness on Tues day, and left desolation in its wake. The wind carried it south towards Day- lesford, Glowhole(sic), Doctor's Creek. Hep burn and Spring Creek. Before mid day Daylesford was enveloped in smoke, and flames were leaping over the gullies and up the sides of the ranges. Soon everyone in the town and the families around were speeding towards the doomed district, and the gallant lines of fire-fighters, hundreds strong, were straining every nerve to save homes and property. The rugged character of the country and the thick bush ren dered the effort exceedingly difficult, and this difficulty was increased by the high velocity of the wind. the intense heat, and the overpowering -smoke. Men groped blindly in twos and threes to wherever they could reach the flames. Soon after midday the wind began chop ping to the north-west and west, and the fighters were in immineint danger. They had to run to Presspoint to avoid being surrounded by fire. The fire tra velled with amazing speed, and green saplings burned to their topmost branches like tinder. The hillsides to-day bear witness to the power of the conflagration. A sheet of flame ap pears to have enveloped the whole vege taton and left a charred and black mass. One volunteer graphically describes how he and two others rapidly ran along the edge of the low-grass flame with their bush-beaters and turned it into a clump of green blackberry bushes in one of the gullies, think ing that in this way the flame would be smothered. In an instant the blackberry patch crumpled up and dis appeared in flying ashes. About 3 o'clock the fire in rapid streaks and patches, often leaping over spaces of hundreds of feet, reached Hepburn and Spring Creek, and the destruction caused in a few moments, was heartrending. At Hepburn, F. Vanzetti (sic) lost a fine bakery, 25 bags of flour outbuildings. carts, a chaffeutter. machinery ,and 100 tons of wood. He and an employee had been engaged all the morning helping the neighbours to save their homes. They returned ex hausted, and with only time to roll a safe out into the street. This. with a chest of drawers, a washstand, and three bags of flour, is lying on the road way-ill that is left.- as Mr. Vanzetti sadly says, of 18 years' savings. There were surprisinsg escapes. The Mount Franklin Shire Hall was burned out, and the Racecourse Hotel only a few yards away was saved. The only person left in the hotel when the fire reached the outbuildings were Mrs. A. Menz, the landlady, and a servant girl Mrs. Menz seized her child, and both women fled up the road and the hotel was left to its fate. All the outbuildings were destroyed, and a few were burned within 6ft. of the back door. One window was cracked with the flames, and the billiard-room, floor was covered with the charred re mains of grass and straw swept in through the open doorway, yet the building remained intact. a sudden change of the wind having saved it. A group of Chinese huts surrounding a Joss-house at one end of Hepburn was swept away, and the Joss-house was left standing. At Spring Creek a melancholy gap has been left in a pretty group of cot tages which lined both sides of :he main road. Mr. Dominic Giovannoni an old resident, was burned to death in his cottage before he had time to escape. Mr. Tognini, who lived in the neighbourhood, also perished, but his death was due to shock. He as found lying dead in his house, which was uninjured. although some outbuildings were destroyed. "Bellin zona" a well-known boardinghouse, al most opposite Giovannoni's, kept by Misses Borsa (four sisters) who were born on the homestead, was lost with all it contained, except a piano. Miss C. Borsa, one of the sisters, says that some- one had told them that a large cellar under the house was the best place to store what was most valuable. Into this she, her sisters, and their lodgers, and even some of their neighbours, has tily carried that they valued most. To day two friends were sifting the ashes in the bottom of the cellar, in a forlorn hope of recovering some of the lost home treasures. Or. King (Mayor of Daylesford) and Cr. Wilkie (of the Mount Franklin Shire) sent out a van load of provisions and bedding to the sufferers. In another part of the district it is stated that one could carry away in a handcart all that was saved. The cata Iorne of the losses, if ever it be coin p , will mournful roadin7. 'Tho latest accounts state that the fire is moving towardls Fryerstown, 15 miles from Daylesflord, and that the farmers are ploughing fire-breaks around their fields and stacks. Exceedingly mourlnful is the news from ' Toora concerniug the death of the Lonsdale children at Mlt. Fatigue. A fainlt idea of the state of the atinos phero while those- forest fires lasted will be gathered when it. is stated that the poor little things we're suffocatied rather than hurned. Thei father, who was blinded by smoke, attended tlheir funeral with his head bandaged. The lull tale of the incidents will never he published, but if they were the public would probably grow sick at heart, and ttu'n away from whanlt, after all, is a recital of horrors. T'wo mlen, whose names ilare a- yet unkuown, succumbed in the Mount Fatigue conflagnation, and a manu nmu ed Reddick is reported to be missing. At Fester the children of a man enamed Pearce, were saved by a wet blanket being put over theml and water constantly poured upon it. So intense was the heat that the water boiled in a tank and had to be taken out in kerosene tins and allowed to cool be fore it could be used. The wives of the settlers fought with great bravery. Provisions will be packed to the set-. tiers to-day, and a relief fund will be started at once. The fires of 1898 are not to be com pared with those which have just pas? ed through the district. The opinion is expressed that the outbreak was duo to the carelessness. of persons who were burning off. At Apollo Bay, Mr. M. Dally, a well known settler. has has house destroyed. The Sawmills Company had a try ing time for an hour, and with the greatest difficulty they saved their plant. Several private owners and the Church of England Reformatory house had most of their grass burned. Daylesford reports that a man named John Lafraconi (68) was received in the Daylesford Hospital on Tuesday in an unconscious condition and suffer ing from burns on the soles of his feet, shock and exposure. He died to day. 