' •* . — . The Show is drawin&sne;&r.; Ifc is expected that the carnival will beat all previous records, Fox drives are held regularly every week at Canowitsdra. Entries for the Forbes show close on Saturday next, 2Sth mat, Willis is expected to land is Sydney on Thursday next, 25th inat. Up-to-date Cowra. An all night telephone service has been established there. The Local Land Board holds a sit tings Bfc Peak Hill commencing from the 31st. Last weak Mr W Hutton sold at Orange 90 young aethers ac 15s Sd per head. Suits to measure at Thomas' sale, from £'2 5s 9d. Fit and Style guar anteed.0 The usual Show Meeting of the Grenfell Jockey Club has been aban doned this year. The u Leader" newspaper, of Orange, is being floated into a limited jj liabilility company. The Irish envoys, Messrs Devlin ond j Donovan, are to address a meeting at j Forbes at an early date, Peak Hill Annual Shore nest Wednesday and Thursday. Parkes •will be well represented thereat. Particulars ef Messrs Edward Weaver and Go's, Forbes ram sales appear in our advertising columns. Thursday nest, 26th inat, has been proclaimed a public holiday at Parkes on accouat of the Peak Hill Show. Our aeGOuafcs for quarter ended 30th Jim© are in circulation. Prompt at tention by our numerous clients will greatly oblige. Rabbit trapping is being discontinued in many parts of the district. There is plenty of bunny left, however, to awami the country before summer. The Bev George Paul, oi the Forbes Presbyterian Church, preached at the local kirk on Sunday evening last, and his ministration was much appreciated fay the congregation. Are you interested in wire netting. If so call or write to R S Howard and Sons. They have a very large stock. No need to wait for deliveries from Sydney. The prices are right, too.0 Mr H J Sanders will conduct a sale of household furniture and effects on account of Mr W Giles at ''Erdington," Clap Street, Parkes, on Saturday afternoon, 28th inst, commencing at 2 o'clock. On Wednesday 8th inst,, the follow ing Grown Lands will be offeted for sale at the Lands Office :—Allotments 3 to 8, section 30, town of Parkes, areas 12f perches and 1 rood each. Upset price £7 to £18 per lot. The poll for the Surry Hills seat will take place on Saturday next, 21st inst. Latest particulars will be issued by an "Extraordinary" from the Champion office. Oootamundra poll takes place on the 28fcb insfc. On Sunday,, James Kelly, of Grawlin near Forbes, and his daughters Sarah and Kathleen, were thrown out of a aulky. Kelly had hio leg broken, and was much bruised. Sarah ouatained injuries to the head, while Kathleen escaped comparatively unhurt, Sinco the cool change iu the weather, rabbiters complain that tank trapping is not a success, and they will have to 'fall back on the rifle ; wo remind them that at Jjollxngor'Sj they can buy the best of rifles, and ammunition, and all repairs done at moderate prices. -1 The Peak Hill Hospital Committee has decided to ereofc a new isolation ward and morgue, •* Brownies." — Your interesting letter came to hand yesterday. It will appear in our nexc issue, Mr A B Tri/jga, the leasee of STelnn galoo Station, is having the homestead connected to Parkes by telephone. iMr H Crowhurat, brother of Mr G H Crowhurat, of Tomingley, died at Sg Arnnud, Victoria, on the 16th ulc Mr Albert Milgate, of Peak Hill, while out shooting on Friday with a pea rifle had the forefinger of hia left hand badly shattered. We are informed that the Hon R J Black, MLO, has joined the Board of Directors of Harrison, Jones and Devlin, Ltd to fill the vacancy caused by the death of Mr James Devlin. R Thomas begs to announce that he has just received from his Sydney tailors a new range of suitings. Call early and give your order for a suit, so that you will not be disappointed," We have to acknowledge the receipt of complimentary tickets for forthcom j ing shows from Messrs R J Baker, 1 secretary of che Peak Hill P and A Society, and N Read, secretary of the ! Forbes P and A Society, i I | The Ooradgery Public School has j been closed since the beginning o£ the ! year. This is a great inconvenience to parents of children residing in the district, and no salient reason is given by the Department for its action. A house without a clock is like a kitchen without a fireplace. We advise our readers who need a decent time piece to call at Bollinger's who stocks a big variety in clocks from the modest nickel to the more expensive marbles0 A motion favoring an inquiry by the i Public Works Committee into the adviaableness of constructing a railway from Oowra and Gregra, via Cano-* windra, has been tabled by Mr Waddell, m the Legislative Assembly. Sid Stacey's numerous customers and friends are notified that he has, with Mr W Fitzgerald, purchased that old established hairdressing saloon, tobac conist shop and biiliard saloon, recently carried on by Mr C Coleman. Note change of address opposite Foster's* Excellent pictures of the Governor General's receptions at Parkes, Condobolin, Cootamundra aud Albury appear in 4t The Sydney Mail " of the 11th inst. A life-like portrait of ^Alderman Close, Mayor of Parkes, also appears in the same paper. Mr H Gibson, in conjunction with Mr Joseph Jackson, announces in our advertising columns the sale of & valuable farm, 2 miles from Peak Hill on Friday 27th inst, at 11 a.m. The property comprises 755 acres of c p and C h land, 160 acres of which are cleared and 60 acres under crop. The land ia particularly rich, and is being sold on account of the official assignee. The usual meeting of the Committee of the Parkeo Ladies Benevolent Society was held at the Council Chambers on the 12th inst, there being present— Mesdames Seaborn (chair), Medlyn, McGee, R S Howard, Bullock, Hall, Nicholson, Pearce, McDonald, Cart wright, 0 J Howard (secretary) and Miss Jenkins. Donations of clothing j were received with thanks from Mrs Davis, Brolgan. The next meeting will be held on Thursday 26th inst. Messrs Todd and Lowing, agents of the Bogan Gate district of the Atlas Assurauce Co Ltd, have handed us an interesting circular, reprinted from "Australian Country Life," which points out to farmers the absoluto necessity for inouring thoir wheat crops, so that their heavy labor and i expense may not bo all lout by the devastating bush'fires. The Company j Messrs Todd and Lowing represent offer special facilities for the insurance i! oro^a. The oash price of copper in London rose 15a on Monday, tin £2 10a, and lead la 3d. Theie io c.n excited rush of miners to the new discovery of tin on Mulyan holding Yalgogrin. i The want of confidence motion in the Tasmaniaa Parliament wag defeated by a majority of 6 votes. i/lolong School of Arts billiard room returned £64 last year, and the committee are talking of installing another table. w Try the Premier Store for reliable footwear, at popular prices. All the favorite makes to be had from R S Ho,vard and Sons. A good rainfall would prove a boon and a blessing to the district. The recent; heavy frosts have made the ground hard and dry. Sale Sale Sale Sale Sale Sale At Robert Thomas' Store, Clarinda street, Parked. All drapery, boobs and shoes for sale below cost.:';: On Wednesday morning our Sydney correspondent wired-ua as follows: — McGowen's censure motion was nega tived by a majority of 53 to 21, Particulars of Messrs (Seaborn and Co important annual ram sale, held the day after the Parkes show, August l?th, appear in our advertising columns. The Forbes P P Board held its usual! monthly meeting on Tuesday evening j last. There were present—Messrs Geo i Thornton (president), B E Rawlins, 0 J h Palmer, F A Sdols, A A Grimm, and Wallace Hunter. A full report in our next. ^ The purchase is announced of Eureka station, in the IToung' district, c£l 1,000 changing hands. The station has 18,000 acres freehold included in its run. Mr Robert G-laocioa, o£ Tre mearne, near Lucknow, was the purchaser. Mr Jacob Matthews, of Peak Hill, whose life was despaired of a short time | ago, was able to attend a recent meeting ot the local P and A Association. Mr Matthew's numerous Parkes friends tiust to have the pleasure of meeting him at the Peak Hill show. At the Forbes P P Board meeting on Tuesday it was decided to apply to the Government for 100 miles of rabbit-proof wire netting. It was decided to reduce the bonus for fox scalps; after .August 30, to 5s for full grown and 2g 6d for cuba. Mr T P Martin, auctioneer, Bourke, advertises a monster horse sale at that centre commencing on the 15th Aug., when 2000 horsess consisting of Indian remounts, coachers, light and heavy draughts, hacks, buggy and carriage I horseoj and ponies, will be offered. | The enterprising firm of Messrs R S Howard and Sons are firm believers in judicious advertising. They have just made arrangements with us for an increase of their advertising space to three-fourths of a page. Their new advertisement appears this issue and is well worthy of perusal. * Mr F Jago Smith, the proprietor of uamboola eaiate, near Molong, sup- j plies the following particulars re his I last season's wool clip. Tho average weight per ileece was 91ba 9ozs, although a third of the sheep were ewes with lambs at foot, and the clip netted 7a 5±d per sheep clear of all expenses. Yesterday Mr A B Jackson, Manager of the local branch of the Union Bank, showed us tho now notes recently issued by that institution. They are moat artistically designed, tho letters one in tho £1 notes being picked out in rose pink, the five of the £5 notes in pea green, and the tun in the tenners ! in light yellow. The distinctive colors will not only prove most helpful to tho teller, but will be of great assistance to the general public, as the one, five or ten pound note can be easily identified oven v?hon hold 3 of; $ yards ft way, Get measured for a suit for the Show at Thomas' during his sale, and save 2s discount in the Mr Greg McGirr, our local chemist, has just, lauded a large supply of Jacob Hull's white and red crystal strychnine which he guarantees to sell at Sydney retail prices.-' Mr W Tanuer, legal manager of the Phoenix Gold Mine, reports an excel lent crushing on Monday last when 90 ounces of gold were secured from 45 loads. We trust this is the forerunner of some old-time phenomenal yields. Do you want or have you use for a Spring-tooth Cultivator. We have one on hand new, in splendid order and can sell cheap for cash, or give liberal terms. Second-hand plows also, we have a few. Liberal terms.® The annual report of the Union Bank recommends a dividend at the rate of 10 per cent. A sum of £10,000 iB added to the bank premises account, £4.000 to the officers' funds, £15,000 to the reserve, and £20,000 is carried forward. Most people carry watches, some of which are good, others bad, some go, lots don't. With ordinary care one of Bollinger's guinea specials will go and keep first-class time for years. .You get two years guarantee with ep,ch one to start with.5" The many friends of Mr E A L Sharpe, .P.M., for many years stationed iu this district, buo now in charge at Maitland, will regies to learn that on Sunday last he was seized with a para lytic strokej and was unconscious for several hours. A public meeting at Peak Hill has protested against ttie excessive freights tvnd fares charged on the Western railA way line. Mr Eden George, M.L.A., \yas appointed to represent that dis trict on the deputation to the Minister for Railways, Mr Charles J Morris, general manager of the Myalls and Peak Hill Gold Mines, Limited, has sent the following cable to London :—" During the four weeks ending June 16, 2321 tons of ore were treated, foe a yield of 4l3ozd of standard gold, resulting in a profit of £180 at the Peak Hiil section, and a profit of £63 at the Myalls section." Mr W Haselhurst is advertising hia fine house, Victoria Cottage, in Court Street, in the Forbes and Melbourne papers as a desirable furnished resi«. dence for a doctor. It is certainly a comfortable residence, but we fail fco see how a third doctor is to secure a practice in Parkes. The service of our resident doctors leaves nothing to be desired. A public meeting presided over by the Mayor was held in the Town Hall, Forbes, on Monday night, at which the following resolutions were carried » " That the time has now arrived when the Government should be asked to re* same large estates around Forbes, for che purpose of closer settlement." Carrowobbity, Droubalgie, and Wan* dary stations were mentioned as the most suitable, being nearest to the town. At the Bogan Gate Police Court oa Thursday, before Mr McKensey, P.M., •several landholders were proceeded against at the instance of the Forbeo Pastures Protection Board, through their Inspector (Mr W G Dowliog) for neglecting to destroy rabbits on their holdings, which are all situated in the vicinity of Trundle. Mr Rey* mond appeared for the Board. The following defendants pleaded guilty ; F S Watts, D P Goodwin, Chas Rut fcer, H T Hobson, G T Watts, Daniel Crowley, James Crowley, and Peter Kerley, and were each fined £1 and coat. The four first-named having notified the Board beforehand that they did not intend to defend, they wore not called upon to pay legal costs amounting to £1 Is. W T Med calf pleaded not guilty, but was fined & similar amount to the others. 