A WORD TO YOU—READER] Bush Fire question and how an out^jbrpak is a burning aotf&niibiihout the State.' in tbis district and tte^bboring dili^ apathy shown oy_ land- No concerted action is possible under existing arrangements—or non- arrangemente we slwu'd say, to be correct—and tbe salvation of the district depends wholly on the good offices of the willing to undo, and liiui^ate the consequences arising irons tbe actions of the careless. Stringent laws compel the landowner and his minions lo use some little care against taking undue libertics witii germs of the fire-fiend, and it is more the fear of legal consequences, than any kindly desire to safeguard his neighbors' interests that compel 5 the average landowner to duly subdiie the vesta, and to cover the bowl of My Lady Vicotene during the hot weather. Anyhow, b; this as it may, the State Government is doing its duty to the body politic by Issuing instructions and suggestions to the Shires of the State. We have before us st leaflet issuedvfrom Parliament House, which Ii ifcr with sensible roinptings to actiooSH^b e part of d holders, u n d e r J h e W S ^ ^ Shire officials. What thjt amy-faints wh iBggg^yy- to walsen rfigaods ou gralion to a sense of their individual responsibilities in this matter. A real live Bush-fire Brigade exists at Goornong, to only one to our knowledge from Bendigo to the Murray. One tliat did excellent work, and that stood organised in case of danger, at Xanneelia—the wealthiest centre in the whole Northern district—lanquished for a couple of seasons, then died a natural death through lack of interest on the part of those mos: concerned, while the half-crown subscription tiiat was not forthcoming, hastened this excellent organisation's demise. Wltat surprises us most in this regard is that while tbe units of the rising generation are alive to their Communistic and Co-opera live responsibilities, their parents too often act as the beaters that douse the youthful ardor generated for the public weal. Herewith we print the concluding hints of the leallet in question. We are reluctant to waste any more printers' ink than we can help on a section of the public which turns a deaf ear repeatedly to tbe dictum that "God helps those who help themselves 1"— It is atnxwly nenmonaded that effort* •hoald be made to keep roads a* free as possible from (Mttitttutible matter, as they then would give an effective means of stopping the spread of fins. It b also suggested thatoooneils should have fire breaks made round hridjpaB and cnlverta. As without question, tbe £iuter percent age of outbreaks is to be attributed tu culpable cardessneas, it is the duty of every land owner to eadeavo' t» awaken and cat Unite a sentiment against tha careless use of fire during tbe summer mouth'. Tha ecperimoe of tiaat years abcmld admonish everybody of the vital importance ot prevention, eo far as it can at present be carried. For instance— Smoker* should use coveia on their pipes. -- " i w •**•"»-;»•'» ..jL«ir mtmm. i - -— W wifc&fc—, Mat SSnir «bg» households, and oare ehoutd bs taken to extinguish cSgats or cigarettes before rbrowfng cbem away. Farmers and others ahould not wdfatly pUos other people'e lives and property In grave jeopardy by borntajg off stubble, pastures, or cut shrub dtinng January, February, or Vaxch. Hut if it is im perative that they mart do so, tbe law demands that notice moat be given of each in tertian to all neighbors in a certain radios of the day of barning (which ebonld not take place before 4 pm.). eo that other land owners and tha aitemberr of the local brigade may see that proper precautions against the spread of tire have been taken, snd if necessary assist in confining the fin Inexperienced person? should not attempt to mix phosphorus for rabbit poison, as, improperly mixed, it is the cause of many out breaks. Tbers are many cheap and meet effective preparations on the market. A pamphlet prepared by Sir. F. E. Allan, Child Inspector nnder the Vermin Destrne turn Act. Lands department, giving recipes for mixing phosphorps, will be forwarded by him on applioation. Travellers, dravere, sportsmen, and other oampsrs should be warned CO extinguish any fire made by them with water, and not cover it with earth or ashes, and not to lirht fires asainat trass, etumps or logs. Members ctf the local brigades ahould en' deavor to induce farmers to protect their homeateade and boBdings by circular firebreaks. The short concluding par above makes sad reading. Hie idea that in this enlightened age any sane persons should require to be approached by a local bush fire brigade—on its collective knees, we will presume— to protect their homesteads and buildings is too deep for words I We leave you, reader, not to ponder over this question, but to act without delay—for no man knows what the morrow may bring forth once Fire fiend starts to lick his hungry chops over the land I 