THE STATION FIRES. I SPREADING IN ALL DIRECTIONS. BROKEN HILL, November 28. Letters received to-day by the outback tuail mention the start of the great grass fires on tbe other side of the Darling River, t»ut give no details. So far the fire has not touched thi6 side of the river, but on the other side it appears to be extending. One private telegram reads:-"Just returned from nearest point possible to fire. Fire is full width of Albermarle boundary, and about on Moorara. It iB also coming from Manfred side. It is a terrific fire, and I am not sure ivhetlier it may not have gone suf ficiently far on the Albermarle to go down the river. It is burning the whole of the country out, and I see no possible hope of escape." The only manager of this district likely to suffer is Mr, 0. Dunne, of Netley. who lias sheep on the other side of the river. iThese. however, from the latest advices, are })robably safe, as they are in the saltbush country. The heat from the fire is so fierce that men are unable to get within two or iliree miles of it. hence its ?capacity for spreading. A local stock agent who has stock on the affected area says the country there ie like a wheatiield, and he hardly Bees how the fire can be stemmed. As, fliowever, the country is flat the flames may be seen many miles away, and it is thought .tliat there is no dangir of any loss of life. MILDURA, November 28. The Darling bushfire is reported to be confined to the l>ack country, away from the river. A portion of Golgol Run was reported to be on (ire to-day. WENTWORTH, November 28. It is reported that the tires continue vigorously. The flames are rapidly ad vancing in all directions, and form a gigan tic conflagration. The fire has not actually reached Karpakora Station, as reported yesterday, but is making from Albermarle and Manfred Stations, and is at present running the full width of Albermarle, more particularly toward Victoria Lake. It is absolutely denuding the land en route. All the Karkapora stock are travelling to the river. The owner is still sufficiently lion lieartcd to hope against hope for the fire's ultimate subjugation, but it is not pro bable that that will be accomplished. No casualties have been reported so far, and ifclii-re has not yet been any serious loss of Block. The fire started at Golgol, near Clare, pud is traversing and devastating the coun try toward Balranald. At Euston holders are appealing for assistance, which, as far as practicable, is being granted- It is pro bable that the whole of the country to the Murray frontage will be burnt out. A third fire ha« started at Polia, an out-, station of Cut-hero, on the opposite side of the river. At first the tire was alarmingly dangerous, but ultimately was subjugated, and is now reported to have been complete ly t,t.'imped out. Had the flames got a per manent hold they would probably havfe devastated the whole of the western side of the Darling; but, happily, such a dread ful calamity has so far been evaded. Police from Ventworth, Pooncarie, Euston. and Balranald are distributed throughout the country warning settlers of their imminent ids tiger. SYDNEY, November 28. The busli fires in the western district arc assuming most alarming dimensions. Homestead lessee, and station hands are making for the fire, and will endeavour to stay its course. On Monday night, when there was no wind, the men found it im possible to get within a mile of the fire, which travelled at an alarming rate. For miles the grass is as high as the fences- High winds are prevailing. The loutlook for many good and sturdy settlers, .who have braved the terrors of drought for seven years, which reduced them to tbe verge of ruin, and in many cases to star vation, is now extremely sad and dis heartening. 