THE VICTORIAN BUSH FIRES. -4--- FRESH OUTBREAKS. NUMEROUS LOCALITIES AFFECTED. ADDITIONAL LOSS OF LIFE. FURTHER HEAVY DAMAGE TO PROPERTY. EXOITING EXPERIENCES IN GIPPSLAND. FLAMES INVADE TOWNSHIPS. Melbourne, January 31. For the past week a fire has been burning on Crown lands a few miles from- Traralgon, and to-day dense smoke was seen coming from there. Fears were entertained for the safety of farms which were apparently in the track of the flames. In the Telbourne district, 14 miles from Bendigo, a fire is still raging. It burned a small house occupied by an elderly woodcutter named Easton. The occupant has not since been seen, and his whereabouts are unknown. About a dozen farms have been swept. Late to-n;ght the fire was still burn ing in the-Clunes district. Six thou sand acres af grass have been consumed. Dominco McHugh, who was reported missing from Fumina last week. is well. He states he was surrounded by fire, that his home was burned, and that to save himself he jumped down a shal low well, with a blanket which he snatched from the burning house. There he had to remain twelve hours, and was compelled to pour water on his head, as burning cinders were falling into the well. At Lancefield a fire, supposed to have been caused by a spark from a trac tion engine, spread over ten tarms, and! then got into rough country. beveral haystacks, a number of sheep, and a quantity of fencing were destroyed. It is reported that one residence was burned, and that some difficulty was ex perienced in saving the occupants, but this report is unconfirmed. A fire which had been smouldering amongst the hills near Daylesford burst into flame to-day, but was extinguished by firemen. A huge fire is now burning several miles west of the town, at Riddel. The grass and trees in orchards has been burned, and a quantity of fencing, grdss and trees in orchards has been destroyed. ALARMING REPORTS FROM SOUTH GIPPSLAND. DEVASTATION ALONG A RAILWAY LINE. TRAIN RUNNING THROUGH A SEA OF FLAME. PASSENGER CARRIAGES SCORCHED. Melbourne, January 31. At Toots reports have been received that out towards Mount Fatigue, dount Best, and Little Franklin the fires are raging fiercely. While the train stopped at Toora two horsemen galloped in for assistance to save the farms of Neill and Downing. The police rapidly organised a party, and sent them off without delay. Round by The Grip, Yeoman's farmn and those of several neighbours were threatened. Soon after leaving Toora the train ran through a seething sea of flame roaring on both sides of the line and burning right up to the road-bed. In fact, at Teora, when the trains met, the passengers on the down , train stated that the flames corcbed` the window frames. On the north side of Foster the fire appeared to be terribly fierce and to bhe mcking rapidly towards the town, which is in a great state of alarm. Several women and children left by the train to escape the threa tened'danger. The reports from Leon gathas are to the effect that all round the back country fierce fires are ragin". From Kornmburra comes the same story.' At South Korumburra three settlers were burned out. The local fire brigade has gone out to help to aave adjoining properties. Around Pcon-wong heavy fires wecre raging to-day. A mailman who brought the mails to the traini said that the .homesteadl of Cook, a. razier was threatened. For hours the train pass ed throuch country enveloped in smoke. The telegraph-poles were re corted down in several places, and near. ly all the railway towns along the line were in a state of intense anxiety. DAMAGE NEAR BALLARAT. Melboure. Janua.ry 31. lcar and Mouint.) elen, on lhe Bnunin yong railway line. to-day. The flames were carried by a hig. wind 'across Yankee Flat to the vicinit of EIureka. Two heed of cattle were biurned and an uinoccupied house and several miles of fencing were d(estroyed. A change of wind a.t about ,4 o'clock this evening en abled the fire-fighters to get the flames under. The Billarat Fire Brigade a sisted in the fight with the flames. a a- or s? ?o- rm? FLAMES ATTrACK NEERITi SOUITH. THE TOWNSHIP ENVELOPED. A DAY OF STRIcNUOGUS FIRE-, FIGHTING G BUILDINGS SAVED WITH DIFFI CULTY. Melbourne. January 31. The hot, scorching winds which pre vailed to-day revived the fires which had been raging in the ineihhouriho,-d of Neerini South and lighted lfresh ones at the rear of the township. So close did the fames conme to the build ings that an anxious and thrilling day was spent by the inhabitants. At several points dwellings were ignited end it was only by the greatest excr tions on the part, of the helpers n-ho hurried to the threatened spots that a great amount of dnm age was prevented. Men perch ed on the house-tops kept a sharp watch on the advance of the flames, and were thus able to give warning when danger at: any particular po;nt was to be apprehended. Desperate exertions nlo?p sared Fowler's Hotel and Bedley's torem and residence. The, wind was hlowing right over the buildings from bur;ning trees a short distance away. iletlvey promises caught fire seven times. aiid it seenmed a hopeless task to save tl ea but ultimately the efforts of the fire fighters were successful, and the de struction of the main building was prevented. Fowler's Hotel was attacked by fire at the front and rear. The roof Lf one of the bedrooms becamne ,,nited and before the flames were cubdiu , at this point bedding, hboxes, and clothes were destroyed. The destruc tion of the hotel seemed evrta;n, but the .fire was at last beaten. Unceasing vigilance was ilaintaunl throughout the day. and the :esiuents are still apprehensive of dangeo. A shortage of water greatly aainperi:d the fire-fighters in their work. Busi ness was suspended all day. OUTBREAK AT DUNOLLY. CONSIDERABLE D)AMAGE DONE. Melbourne, January 31. On Monday afternoon a fire broke out in a paddock on Pensamn's Estate, Du nolly. By hard fighting the fire was confined to the paddock, grass and fenc ing being destroyed. This afternoon a fire started in an orchard on the estate. By streuous efforts wheat in bags was saved, but two large stacks of hay and a handsome residence of Mrs. Pensam, with all its contents, wasadestroyed. A quantity of fencing was also burnt. The fire spread with great rapidity, and is now burning fiercely in the ranges A number of stacks of wood were lost. The property owned by Mrs. Pensam is said to be insured for L1,000. Mr. William Hughes, who lost his hay about ths time last year, had his crop burnt to-day. FIRE IN THE MORWEIiT DIS TRICT. A SETTLER SUFFOCATED WITH SMOKE. Melbourne, January 31. Bush-fires are raging in the district near Morwell. Wm. Tulloch, a very old resident of Geeralong, was suffocated this after noon by smoke close to his homestead. His haystack and out-buildinigs were burned. It appears that he was on his way to a neighbour's place for as sistance when he was overtaken by the fire. His dead body was discovered some time afterwarfds lying beside a stump. Part of his clothing was burn ed, but death is supposed to be due to suffocation. It is feared that. several fatalities occurred in the hills, but owing to the great heat and the dense smoke it was impossible to get information. ACCOUNTS FROM THEI LILYDALE DISTRICT. THREE BUILDLNGS DESTROYED. Melbourne, January 31. Great damage has 'been done by an outbreak of fire in the South Wandin district. A mechanics' institute and two residences were destroyed. The fire, after levelling these places, sped on, and is still raging. It is feared that further damage will be done. Mount Olinda, which overlooks Lily dale, was the scene of a large fire this afternoon, but it has been ex tinguished. Another- big fire was seen to be blazing on Mount Dandenong, but up to the present no great damage has been reported. TOWNSHIP OF FOSTER THREA TENED. FIREMEN AND ENGINE SENT FROM MELBOURNE. Melbourne, January 31. Mr. C. R. Clemons, president of the South Gippsland Shire Council, tole graphed to-day to the Premier from F'oster as follows: "Fires are raginginear the township and all through the hill ,country. As sistance from Melbourne Fire Station would be valuable in saving life and property, should the town catch fire. There is a creek through the town. A fire-engine is necessary. A heavy north wind is blowing." Mr. Murray, Acting-Premier, arrang ed with Mr. Stein, chlef of the fire bri gade, to send a fire-engine and six men to Foster. These left this evening. A message received from Foster late to-night stated that a change of wind removed the danger from the town. The residents went out, and found that the fires were merely grass ones. WESTERN AUSTRALIA'S SYMPATHY. The Premier, Mr. C. H. Rason, on Tuesday despatched the following tele gram to Mr. T. Bent, the' Premier of Victoria :- "Western Australia ex presses deepest sympathy with Victoria in the terrible loss of life and propert.y occasioned by the recent disastronus fires. Subscriptions are being raised in aid of sufferers, which we hope will be accepted in the spirit in which they are meant." Yesterday Mr. Rason received the fol lowing reply from Mr. Bent :-"The Go vernment and the people of Victoria heartily appreciate the kindly and practical sympathy of Western Austra lia, and cordially accept the generous offer of assistance." In reply to a telegram despatched by the Mayor of Perth (Mr. S. Stubbs) to the Lord-Mayor of Melbourne (Mr. Henry Weedon), expressing the sym pathy of the citizens of Perth with the sufferers by the Victorian bush fires, and intimating the opening of a relief fund. the following message was re ceived yesterday :--"Central relief fund committee and self personally thank you most warmly for kind a'nd practical sympathy with sufferers by our hush fires.-(Signed) Henry Weedon, Lord Mayor." The Mayer has also receiv ed the following telegram from Mr. -Albert Barnes, the Town Clerk of. Day lesford :-"Daylesford and 'district suf f?red loss ? y bush fires extent o£0,000 lr-s lost, families destitute and home less. Relief fund started. Will yon c 1llect from aId residents of Daylesford Sothers ~ for relief of sufferers? Notify The Governor has written to the Mayor of Perth (Mr. S. Stubbs) from Rott nest, as follois: "Dear M?. Mayor, I notice that you are starting a fund to help the poor people who lhave suffered loss by the awful fires in VTic toria. I enclose a subsicription, and wish vou every success il your efforts." His Excellency enclosed a cheque for five gUineas. Sympathy aroused by the suffering and loss caused by the hush fires in Victoria found expre.ssion at a meeting hold at the residence of the Mayor of Leeder ville. Mr. A. W. Brown; on Tuesday evening. It was decided to hold a public concert in aid of the sufferprs on Tues day. the 13th inst., in the Masonic Hall. Several offers of askislance were received, and. arrangements were made for secking the help of numerous voca lists and bthers. -A committee was elected, and officrs were appointed. A well-attended meeting was held at Parkervilla op January 30, to consider the advisableness of organising an en tertainment to raise funds for the relief of the sufferers by the bush fires in Victoria. Mr. J. Rodda presided, and it was decided to hold a concert and hall on Friday, the 9th inst., in aid of the movement.. Messrs. J. J. Hogan and T. Friend were appointed joint se cretaries. To the Editor. Sir,--Whilt we all feel for the suf ferers by the disastrons bushfires in Victoria, I hope tbe people of this State do not lose sight of two very sad eases in our midst. I refer to poor Mrs. Abrahams and her seven children, who are left penniless through the sad death of her husband, also Mrs. Thompson, who lost her son. The amounts already subscribed are very small, considering the exigencies of the cases. I think, sir, before any money leaves this State, we should do some thinu for those poor people in their inforseen misfortune. I suggest that the heads of all big departments open subscription lists before these unfortu nate peoplc are forgotten.-Yours, etc., CHARITY BEGINS AT HOME. Leederville, January 29. 