FORTESCUES' BUSH-FIRE FIGHTER. In the trail of the bountiful season come the attendant dangers which have so often and so completely devas tated miles of surrounding country, that a rich harvest has been regarded not as an unmixed blessing, but as a menace to the lives of settlers on the land. The terrors of a bush fire are well-known to all persons who have spent a summer in the country, and the precautions which are taken to cope with such a sad contingency are , numerous, but too often ineffective. Messrs. Geo. E. Fortescue and Sons, of Arnclifie, Sydney, who have made a speciality of the needs of the man on the land, have given their atten tion to some moans that might be of use to their country friends in coping with the bush fires. They have manu factured a machine which they style their fire lighter, which is 1111 upto date machine, built on strong iron wheels, and supported on springs to allow of tho quick travelling in cases of fire when despatch is absolutely necessary. The water reservoir is capable of carrying 100 gallons, and the machine is built on a mechanical and scientific principle, fitted with a patent cross spray, which is a novelty now first introduced, and by means of which the manufacturers claim that the machine will effectually spray six times the area sprayed by machines fitted with the ordinary gravitation spray. In addition to the iatest and most up-to-date appliances, as regards suction and delivery of water, the fire fighter is fitted with either the semi rotary No. 4 pump, or with a lowdown 'Deeming' pump. As a fire break, the fli'e -iiisnwjr .Miuuld be invaluable, and by mean. of if. nrppnuhimis. nmil* be taken even before there was any immediate danger of fire, thus facili tating the means of extinguishing fires when likely to occur. The advantages of such a fire fighter are at once ap parent, and wo would, have no hesita tion in stating that if every station took precautions in this manner the terrible dangers which have become almost regular would be greatly mini mised, if not altogether prevented. An inspection of the factory at Arncliffc, would bo a revelation to country folk, and would well repay the time- spent. The busy hum of machinery-ami whir ring of 'wheels accompanies tho manu facture of noison carts. 'Bo'sker' fumi gators, bush fire fighters, and water tanks, and the whole is perhaps the busiest workshop in the Commonwealth The water tanks are a most serviceable article for homestead purposes, being built of strong gauge, fralvanized iron, and capable of carrying 90 gallons of water. These tanks are built either on, a cart-, or on a sleigh as requested. -Messrs. Geo. E. Forteseue and Sons would be happy, to furnish full par ticulars and prices of their respective specialities upon application. 