Compiled by SEE JAY. THE Minister for Instruction ia appoint- : tag two more itinerant teachers, one of | which is for the Central district, with head quarters at Longreach. THE witnesses expenses in the case of Bex. «. Sbeehan at the Bockhamptoa Supreme Court last week came to £35 18s. 3d. | ELECTOHS of Queensland are requested to vote for Griffith, Higgs, and Lttndager, Candidates for the Senate.-A. HincholiSe, hon. agent, Turbot- street, Brisbane.* GENTLEMEN, for all first-class goods such as razors, soaps, brushes and pipes, &c.;, call at Ellis' Eureka Bairdressing Saloon.* SPECIAL attention is directed to Messrs. Meaoham & Leyland's advt. in the front page, announcing they have beta appointed agents for the Alpha-Laval cream separa tors. WE regret having omitted the name of Miss Mona Affoo among the helpers at the Saltern Creek carnival. MisB Affoo as sisted both in the concert and dance, which was no Binesure, considering that the dance lasted until after daylight. MB. W. D. Little, from the head office, Lands Department, Brisbane, arrived on Sunday morning to relieve Mr. W. J. Hooper, of the local office, who leaveB Sun day night on his annnal holiday. THIS month the atmosphere, politically and atmospherically, will be decidedly warm. It is hard luck for electors that the law prevents politicians "shouting" long eleevers when the political heat wave is in full swing. THE Ernest Archer Co. had poor houses at Bavenswood. They were playing at the Towers last week at Is. admission to all parts of the house. The Company visits the west early in the year, and will be as welcome aB the " Flowers in May." WHILE riding out at the Alice on Satur day afternoon, a lad named Hngh Currie, about 13 years of age, met with a serious mishap. The horse he was riding fell and tolled on him, breaking the thigh. The horse was uninjured, and the plucky chap somehow mounted his steed and rode into town to the doctor. WE were pleased to have a visit from Mr. ThoB. H. Hall, of Geelong East, Vic., but who is engaged at Wellshot and elsewhere every season woolclassing. Mr. Hall is opening busineaa on his own account as scourer, and has secured the Strathdarr plant, 25 miles from Longreach. He will be ready for business after New Year. EUTHVEN SHED, Nov. SlBt, 1906. To the editor. Sir-I have been instructed to for ward you the following resolution passed by the men at Buthven shed:-"That this meeting is of the opinion that nominations for the Barcoo should be called for at once, and that it no longer regards George Kerr as a straight- out Laborite." Yonra &c.;, GEO. LEWIS, Chairman. Ooo forecasts as follows from the 1st to the 7th Dec..--As a result of heavy cloud gatherings, many storms with their accom panying cyclonic blows anticipated. Various : districts will probably report copiouB f allB of rain, also hail, heavy in some instances. An oppressive atmosphere, followed by a vemarkably cool and pleasant change. And for the following week: Bain squalls and -wind boisterous. THE lecture entertainment on missionary *ork in the Cairns district of North Queens land, given in the Methodist Church on Tuesday evening, was not very largely at tended, owing doubtless to the concert r Tieing given in the Shire Hall. However, the Rev. E. Youngman's address was very interesting and instructive, and was aided by a number of lantern views manipulated by Mr. C. J. Jamee. The Methodist body "appear to be doing good work among the Chinese and Kanakas in the northern sugar districts. CONSTABLE DOYTIE returned to Win ton -on Wednesday from a search for the men lost from Sesbania. The second iran, whose name ia Lambross, was discovered by Constable Walsh, from Bichmond, a few yards off the Sesbania-Glenlyon-road, where his mate Damphey placed him to die. Dumphey then started off, but took the wrong road and perished five miles from Glenlyon. Several times the unfor tunate mjn were within a short distance of water, storms laying it in some places -within 200 yards of them. AT the usual monthly meeting of the Muttaburra hospital, Mr. S. Clemesha in the chair, a large number of subscriptions were acknowledged. The Government re . mitted £115, endowment for quarter end ing September. The secretary of the Turf Club wrote acceding to the request of the committee to hold races in aid of the hos fitaL Westbury, Darr Biver Downs, Irookwood and Weewondilla wrote dis Eing with the suggestion that ern es compulsorily pay 3d. per week on f of the hospital, as obtains at Ken sington Downs; Lerida, however, thought the method a good one, and intended to adopt it. At the end of the month six patients remained in the hospital; 81 out patients were treated. After paying the month's accounts (£61 lis. lid.) there re mained a credit balance of £>457 19s. lid. AT the Muttaburra Police Court on the 23rd ult. the Inspector of Slaughter- houses (Actg.-Sergt. Duffy) proceeded against William Henry Langdon, licensed butcher, of Muttaburra, on a charge of having a diseased sheep in his slaughter-house. De fendant pleaded guilty and was fined £1 and 3s. 6a. costs of Court, in default levy and distress. Defendant was further charged with having fed swine with un cooked offal at hiB slaughter-house. He pleaded guilty and was fined £1 and Ss. 6d. aosts of Court, in default levy and distress. -Edward Brown, Thomas Reynolds, Chas. fiouldon and Thomas Byan were charged \- with drunkenness in Bruford-street. The first three were cautioned and discharged, .and the latter was fined 10a., in default 48 Hours in the lockup. Something New For the Summer. Mrs. 8YD. SMITH. Latest American loe Drinks- i Ioe Cream Soda Ginger Stout Limejuioe Soda, and others. Good shook of Fruit and Confectionery always on hand. Opposite Railway Station. -_"$k " AH OLD RESIDENT," Ilfracombe, writeB to ask: " Can you tell us who is the Mem ber tor Mitchell in the State Parliament ?" Has " Old Snowy" lost his identity ? THE Misses Banks and McKnight (of Blackall), who have been spending a week in town, returned home by this (Saturday) morning's coach. DBOVEBS and other travellers passing through Aramac should patronise O. J. Kingston's Cheap Store.* OLD Harry Giliham has gone to his last resting place. He died in the Clermont Hospital on Friday evening last, and had been ailing for some considerable time. Harry was an old mining resident of the Peak Downs, and had been eking oat a precarious livelihood on the Wild Cat. Sad to relate he was buried without a mourner following he hearse. BEFORE a Labor or a Labor-Socialistic candidate can offer himself as a victim on the altar of his country he must be plebis cited for at the hands of the caucus. Thus one, Jack Clifford, is in first running for selection against Murphy for Croydon, and I " Butler, an undertaker," is threatening ' George Kerr for the Barcoo. Of the latter 1 probability a Labor organ says: " If Butler is the man to dig Kerr's little political grave by the side of some lonely lagoon on the far Barcoo we shall arise and call him blessed."-Now we understand why Jim Butler had those coffins in his store-he's gone into the undertaking business! Really one has to go from home for news. OLD Charlie Manly, one of the oldest car riers is the North, dropped dead in Clon curry on Monday week. The old oak had been ailing off and on for the past year, but still stuck to his team, and was loaded from Richmond to Cloncurry when the summons came. He was taken on to Cloncurry in a weak state, and died at the Prince of Wales hotel. Deceased had been carrying in Queensland for nigh on 60 years. He was of a genial disposition, and will be greatly missed on the roads, especially by the old hands. Some of the old Central line car riers may remember the veteran. A NICE present for a friend: one of Ellis' parcels of smokers' requisites. The Eureka Hairdreasing Saloon. HALF-A-DOZEN oil paintings from the Queensland Government Art Gallery, Bris bane, will be on view in the Shire Hall, on and after Monday next, for a week. Ad mission will be free, the object of the Gov ernment being to encourage the love of art. Local artists are invited to lend pictures to increase the attractiveness of the exhibi tion. The paintings, which are in charge of a special artist sent with them, may be briefly described:-"Care," by J. B. Muntc; To Shelley's lines-"I could lie down like a tired child, Ana weep away the life of care Which I have borne and still muBt bear."-" Season of Mists," by H. G. Hewitt. "Charge of the Heavy Brigade at Balaclava," by G. H. Giles, the largest pic tures on exhibition. " The Holy Mother," by F. Goodall, &.A.; " And when they came into the house they saw the young child and Mary his mother." Matt. U., 2. "Sunday on Parade," by Hamilton Macol lnm. " Departure of the Coldstream Guard! from Gravesead," by the e.s. Manora, 19th February, 1665, by C. W. Wyllia. MB. MAX LANG hag given us a sample of hie " CoBy" toilet aoap. It is juat the thing ; oval in shape, of good substance, and nice to handle. WEST BOURNE knocked off the 12-hour shift on Friday night, an ordinary shift being now able to cope with the wool in hand and to arrive. At McLaughlin scour a double shift ia still being employed. Mr. W. H. B. May, the well-known hide and skin bnyer, has developed into a pub lican, having taken over the Grand Hotel at Emu Park. Mr. May'e many Western friends will wish for him every success in his venture. THE following are the golf handicaps for a tournament to be played on Friday, Dec. 7th:-W. J. P. Chambers, scr.; A. E. Cold ham and K. de L, Cudmore, 3; Rev. W. D. Auden and E. H. Hnmpreys, 4; J. K. Cud more, 6; W. Stephenson, 8; T. C. Cudmore andC. H. Fysh, 12; B. J. McCnllough, 14; J. H. Campbell and T. A. Graham, 25. AT the Bockhampton Supreme Court, before the Begiatrar (Mr. J. R. Gair), on the application of the town agents for Mr. J, K. Cannan, solicitor, Long reach, granted probate of the will of the late Bernard Muldoon, late of Ilfracombe, licensed vic tualler, to Grace Muldoon, widow of de ceased, the sole executor named in the will. The personalty was Bworn at under £1000. THE Old Identity, C. J. Kingston, is still the Leading Storekeeper at Aramas.* J. K. SWEENEY, alias M'Oarthy, a well known shearer, was brought up before Messrs. W. Fothergill and R. Smith, JJ.P., under a provisional warrant issued on infor mation reoeived from the N. S. W. police. Constable Leyden gave evidence of arrest, and aocnBed was remanded for a week for the production of the original warrant. Bail was refused. A FEW billets for our new sergeant; Actg.-Sergt. John O'Sullivan, Barcaldine, has been appointed Registrar of Births, Marriages and Deaths for the registry dis tricts of Aramae and Blackall, Actg. C.P.S., Acting Begistrar of the district, District Beceiver ic Insolvency, Inspector of Stamps and a Beceiver under the Income Tax Act, i vice Actg.-Sergt. Thomas Hawley. | BUSH-FIRES have been very noticeable i during the week. Conflagrations were ob served to the north-west and north-east, and on Tuesday,evening after a high wind, a big fire shot up in the south and travelled towards the east with great rapidity. Two other fires Bprang up, but all suddenly dis appeared ; it seemed to be raining heavily in that direction. We hear the big fire WOB on Alice Downs, SO miles away. From Boggabri four fires-eaat, north-east and south were distinctly seen. ONE of the easiest-growing and most beautiful plants is the ooleus. Mr. C, J, James, Barcaldine, has been appointed by MesBrs. L. Snmmerlin & Co., Brisbane, agent for the magnificent velvet-leaved new variety, all shades; for delivery this month. Price 6s. per dozen, post free, town or country. Orders, with remittanoe, at once attended to. Simple instructions for grow ing given free of charge. Everyone hav ing a verandah and a few empty kerosene tins should send along their oraers at once to Mr. James, Champion office. Delivery i within a fortnight after receipt of order. 1 All plants splendidly packed.* MESSRS. Thos. McLaughlin & Co., Rock hampton, advise us that they have ap pointed Mr. C. B. Plumb, next Commercial hotel, agent for their celebrated Pitzroy products, vice Mr. J. L. Butler, retired. WE hear there is to be a bicycle match on the recreation reserve on Sunday morn ing at 10 a.m. for £5 aside, three laps, between Messrs. E. J. Joyner and Dave Mathers, Joyner giving Mathers 45yds. ML. G. C. Fair, a well-known well-borer in the WeBt some years ago, has died in New Zealand. Mr. Fair came out with his brother from Canada, and put down a number of wells in the Central-West. He married the eldest daughter of the lute Mr. W. Henchman, manager for the Australian Estates & Mortgage Cc. WE would like to remind paper thieves that upon conviction a thief is liable to six months' imprisonment. Daring tho past few weeks several Champions have been stolen from off people's verandahs, especi ally where the delivery has been a little late, and we shall have to take action if we hear of repetitions of the offence. In seve ral instances the thieves are known. A LETTER has been received by Mr. Ed. Park, Secretary of the Barcaldine Branch of the Royal Society of St. George, from the Melbourne Society, forwarding particu lars of an essay competition, which they purpose holding under the auspices of their Branch and offering prizes totaling JE1S 19s. Anyone interested can obtain particu lars of the competition by applying to the secretary. INFORMATION was received at Winten that the dead body of a man was found at Manuka station, about 14 miles from the homestead, near the boundary of the Weeba selection, apparently the remains of a per son who had died about three weeks ego from thirst. The body was in the nude, and partly eaten by crows. Alongside a matchbox was found with the name " J. B. Mandeville" scratched on it. SUB-INSPECTOR DCBHAH, head of the Police District of Hughenden and Winton, committed suicide at Hughenden by shoot ing himself, particulars respecting which will be found elsewhere from our Hugh enden correspondent. Mr. Durham, it will be remembered, was lately reduced and! transferred owing to the Cairns murder, inquiry, and this fact evidently preyed on I his mind. He visited Barcaldine during the '91 strike, otherwise he was but little known here. As the Federal elections will be held on the Wednesday in the last week of the current school year, and as many schools will be used as polling places, many teachers being employed as re turning officers, &c;" the Minister for Education has approved that all schools under the De partment shall break up for the summer vacation on Tuesday, December 11. Three extra days<will thus be added to the ordi nary vacation of five weeks. THE members of the Caledonian Society have postponed their intended dance on St. Andrew's evening to Hogmanay night, Dec. Sist, when doubtless a crowd will dance the old year out and the new 'un in. The chief reason for the postponement was the inability of Pipe-Major Kennedy being present, owing to pressure of business. However, Scotsmen may rely npon his visit for the end of December. Mr. " Bard" Shaw is busy on Saturday afternoons in structing a number of girls in reels and other Scottish figures. BARCALDINE and district can hold np its end of the stick with any locality when necessity requires. During the past fort night the public have dispensed roughly ,£250 in charity. There were tbe hospital carnival at Saltern Creek, the Roman Catholic Social Evening, the shearers' sports, concert and dance, and the Church of England concert. Apart from this the town was visited by a Cinematoscope for three nights. And tbe end is not yet. On Thursday evening next, 6th inst., the Con vent children have a breakup Concert, Christmas Tree and Dance in the Shire Hall at popular priceB; while on the Thursday following tbe Methodist Church have their annual Christmas Tree and Pro-1 menade Concert. DUEINQ the week the Police cast their net among the Saltern Creek shearers and rouseabouts, but the majority are too sensible nowadays to waste their hard earned earnings on snake-juice; still there are one or two dipsomaniacs, and these made their appearance before tbe Justices at tho Police Court. On Monday, H, Bilby, shearer's cook, appeared before Mr. R. Hosfein, J.P., on two charges-drunk and using obscene language. Mr. R. A. McCullough appeared for accused, who pleaded not guilty to using language. The Police testified to hearing Bilby using cer tain offensive expressions in Ash-street, while John C. Wallace and Joe Ping, called by defendant, swore that Bilby used noth ing offensive. However the Bench thought otherwise, and discharged defendant on the first charge, but fined him £2 on the second. We happened to overhear some of Bilby's language while three constables were conveying him to the watchhouse, and it was worthy of an old-time Bullocky. -On Tuesday, two repentant individuals, John Charles Wallace and Thomas Wil liams appeared before Mr. J. Mescham, J.P., charged with drunkenness, and were discharged with a cantion. The usual monthly meeting of the Bar caldine School of Arts was held in the reading-room on Thursday evening. There were presentMessrs. W. J. Stevens (President, chairman), R. F. Lyons, C. Clarson. W. J. Hooper, C. J. James, R. J. McCulloogh, R. Park, W. Stephenson, and the Secretary. The minutes of previous meeting having been read and confirmed, the only item of correspondence of import ance was read, viz.: To Secretary School of Arts, Mount Morgan, asking if be was successful in obtaining subsidy; and from the School of Arts, Mount Morgan, inclos ing £8 4s., subsidy to Sept. 80th, 1906. The Bank balance -was stated to be £14 3s. 7d. Accounts amounting to £9 9s. 7d. were passed for payment, the only one of note being £8 3B. 9d. to R. Park, quarter's newspapers and books supply.-The Presi dent stated that Mrs, Armstrong had spoken to him with reference to the estab lishment of shorthand and typewriting classes, and it was decided to write Mr. Lyne, secretary of the Mount Morgan School of Arts, asking if such classes could be established in connection with the technical branoh of their institution, similar to that ot the dressmaking classes. The President reported npon his visits to Longreach and Bwckall Sohoola ot Arty m MB. A. Parnell, merchant, Baroaldine, re ports-Iced batter, la. 2d. per lb.; new cheese, IOd. per lb.; pineapple hum, Is. 3d. per lb.; Hutton's bacon, lid. and le. per lb. A RSVISION Court will be held on Tues day next, and all who have not enrolled their namei are advised to attend to the matter without delay. It must be remem bered a State election comes on in Marob, and someone may be foolish enough to op pose George Eerr, A CERTAIN business man having a lot of long-winded customers wrote their names on slips of paper, and placed them in a box. Every Monday morning he draws two slips, and whoever they repre sent he sues without respect, &c.; We have adopted that principle, and the first two names drawn were people of the " callto aorrow" or " someotherday" class. We regret suing anyone, but when accounts accumulate for foui years and the debtors are apparently doing well, well, we cannot justly be called " harsh" or " a bit sudden," or an opprobrious term used if we seek oar own. On Friday, before Messrs. J. Meacham and W. D. Colman, JJ.P., Mr. E. F. Lyons appeared in a case, and a verdict was given for £7 12s. 8d" £1 la. professional costs and 5a. costs of Conrt. We suppress the name of the delinquent on this occasion, but for [ this occasion only;-we desire to show that we mean business. Some of our country debtors will please take notice. 