INTM-STATIC -^» ? ? - Victoria. ? Melbourne,. February. 15. -Thia afternoon the directors of the Australian Natives Association con- sidered the proposal to hold an inter- national e:diibition, on a letter-from Mr. Bent asking; its opinion on the subject. It was decided to reply that, in view~of the proposal qf the A.N.A. and the Chamber of Manufactures to hold an exhibition, next year on the same lines but on £ larger scale than that at present proposed, there was no necessity for independent action. "The directors decidedT on the application of Mr. H. J.' Scott, representative of the New Zealand Exhibition, to en- courage Mr. Beut to make an adequate display § of ' Victoria's resources., and natural products, as well as of manu- factures in New Zealand. ??" The employees cm a train from Port Melbourne, which, on January 25, dis* regarded signals. in FJinders-street Railway Station yard, have been dealt with by the Railway Department. The driver has been reduced to the position of fireman for two years. The fireman has been reduced to cleaner for 18 months, and the guard has beeii re- duced, to porter for 15^mouths. Melbourne, February 19. Mr. Davies, the Attorney-General, has dined the judgeship which was offered " to him by the Governmenty Melbourne, February 20. "? The Cabinet to-day decided to utilise the homestead on the Wyuna Fstato (lately resumed for «loser - settlement purposes) as a State stud farm. ' Members of the Victorian Parlia- ment held a meeting to-day, and de- i cided to invite the members of the ¡ New South Wales Parliament to visit j -Melbourne next month, and engage in friendly rivalry at cricket, rifle shoots ing, and ot-h^T-forms of sport. Last week's traffic receipts on the railways totalled £76,095-au increase of £1;898 over the receipts for the corresponding week of last year. . The Cabinet has formulated a scheme for the relief of the bush-fire, sufferers, but it will not be published for some tune. ~ - " i The Metropolitan Hoard of Works to- day adopted a recommendation from .the finance committee, to invite tenders for £69,430, which is the unconverted portion of a loan«. Hie finance commit- tee was also empowered to apply to the Governor-in-Council for authority tb borrow £250,000 fpr works during the , financial year; beginning in July next, i The policy of the Melbourne 'Tram- way Co. is not to interfere with the present system of fares. A deputa- tion from, the Prahran Municipal Coun- cil wafted on the directors to-day and asked that penny sections be estab- lished in Prahran. Mr. Clapp, chairman of directors, in reply, said that he knew 'the people and the Council would like penny fares, but would they like to ruin the Com- pany to get them ? The Company had . ten years te run beforo banding ovor the linea, and it had to make np £1,400,000 iii that time. There was »o ¡ guarantee that penny sections would pay. The-request was refused.~ At Bendigo on Saturday Mr. D. Smith, M.L A., said that the Beut Go- ; vèrnment was in the position of heilig able to distribute the surplus revenue amongst the constituencies antagonistic to thom, and thus mol li l ying the op- position. Mr. Beiit resents this. He says he would like to know what Mr. Smith would have said if the antagonistic constituencies had been left out of the j distribution. "Mr. Smith is in the po- sition," he said, "of a "man who had made np his mind'to growl." At a meeting of the^Eraployers' Fede- ration to-day, reference "was made to the usé now beiug rnáde of the State Courts to collect arrears of union sub- scriptions undei* the Commonwealth Ar- bitration law, 'instead of such work being done, as in New South Wales, by the Arbitration Court. It was con- sidered bad in principle that the Coin .monwealth should use the State Courts for this purpose. It would be as fair,, it was contended^ tb" give en>ployers federations the right to use the Courts for the collection of subscriptions.. Tho council decided to ask the president ' to lay the matter before the Premier, with a view to seeing whether, in this respect, State rights were not being in- vaded. Melbourne, February 21. To-day was the hottest of the season with one exception. The thermometer in Melbourne began to rise early in the morning, and the highest temperature' was registered at 2.30 p.m., the shade reading being then 105.1deg. Thirty stations inland recorded temperatures of over lOOdeg. Hastings and Swan Hill were the highest with 108dég. fc 