GREAT RIVERINA FIRE : 1W.R31S AN D STATIONS DES TKOYED. HUNDREDS OF MILES SWEPT. DY IRRESISTIBLE FLAMES. TERRIBLE LOSSES, CROPS, STOCK AND BUILDINGS DESTROYED. A SCENE OF DEVASTATION. SOME NARROW ESCAPES. SYDNEY', Tuesday. Bushfires are -raging in all quar- ters. In addition to the disastrous Cres that are sweeping the country between Culcairn and Corowa con- siderable damage has been done in the country around Forbes, Corowa, Grenfell, Coolagong, Gundagai, Peak Hill, Gouldburn. Cootamurra, Wag- ga, ami Condobolin. In the last named district the damage done was extreme. The flames mysteriously originated on J. A. Witts' property and fanned by fierce southerly winds devastated the holding before assistance could appear on the scene.. They had a desperate struggle to Save the house. The fire bifurcated 12 miles from town, one branch running to Boona and Wearrong, doing great damage. Cowie Bros. lost 7000 Jb*g3 of wheat. ra The fire is now burning towards Kiachotoo Station. The country in the locality carries exceptionally heavy crops and nothing can ' save them. Hundreds of sheep were destroyed. Wm. McIntosh, noticing tho fire near the (gilrose road and Coree flames crossing the track, had to gallop for his life. He travelled S miles with the fire rapidly approach- ing him at every mile. He finally arrived out of danger a few minutes ahead of the flames. Many sheep have been destroyed on Boona West Station. The fire cros- sed the.boundary nt such a terrific rixto 'thai the. %hterii . www compelled precipitately to abandon their water carts and gallop to a tank for shel- ter from the flames. The! wateil carts were destroyed by the fire and only the ironwork was left. The water in the tanks were boiling. . Two selectors named Cotter and Hodges at Bogan Gate lost) their" homes. Cotter also lost his wheat and several, head of cattle, sheep and horses were destroyed. The telegraph.line between Bedgere gong and Forbes has been bifoken, a hundred poles being burnt. Very heavy losses in stock, crops, grass and fencing have been .sustain- ed at Braesprings Station, the pro- perty of Mate and Co., Ltd. The homestead was only saved by super- human efforts. The flames travelled onward with fierceness and rapidity, devouring everything and leaving in their wake a scene of absolute deva- station for milts. Woolsheds, stables, harneas Sheds, machinery, sheds, machines, fencing and- everything in fact except the ac- tual homestead and sundry buildings immediately surrounding it were de- stroyed. The station 'comprises nearly 1(5,000 acres and on Satur- day carried 17,000 sheep. Of the lath- it is estimated that, between 180O and 2000, principally merino ewes, vere burned to death or so scorched, and mutilated that' they will have to be destroyed. The f-re struck Gerogery Weat Sta- tion after several smaller properties had been burnt out. Herd some 1200 sheep were destroyed.' C. Groch estimates his loss at £1000. S. Miller has 1000 acres " adjoining Groch's, and he has also suffereU heavily through the loss ol stock, crop, fencing, etc. The next homestead is that of E. Heppner whose losses are estimated at 900 bags of wheat just stripped, About (50 tons of hay, machinery, graes, fencing and several head of valuable horses* , The flames next reached Culcairn. Here they were at last subdued. E. I McilufT. "a farmer on Kirndeen. suH ^îm<1-«OÔ bags-stripped unrf-stae*-* ed when the fire swept through his property. " About 100 acres of wheat remained to" be stripped. This, 'together with, the whole of thc stacked wheat was burnt. 