SECOND PRIZE. The Vengeance of Katie Devlin By Wattle Blossom. It was Christmas Eve, and the bells rang out the grand old message of peace on earth, good-will to men. In a little cabin in the County Kerry were seated an old woman witb bent figure and grey hair, and a young girl of eighteen years. Her face gave promise of great beauty, but at the moment it looked haggard and worn. "Aunt Nor ah," she said, bitterly, "doesn't your heart burn with anger this night? The accursed landlords. May heaven send her bitterest " "Hush, alanna! Hush! Don't say in your anger what you will be sorry for. Sure, 'tis the cruel wrong has been done you this Christmas time, but then 'tis God's holy will." "God's will, indeed. Does God care for the Irish at all? The roof taken from over our heads and my poor old mother, God rest her, turned out to die under the hedges in the frost and snow. I tell you, Aunt Noral). God is not just if He does not punish those whose tyranny oppresses us. One day I will repay Gerald O'Neil for his treatment of mv mother. I swear it." In her anger she rose and stretched her hand to heaven. The old woman raised her bowed head and looked at her niece, saying sternly: "Oh. Katie Devlin, 'tis little I thought I wouid ever hear my sister's child speak of the good God like that. If 'tis His great and holy will to give us crosses, 'tis not for the likes of us to find fault with His justice. It's too much with the boys ye have been listening to their wild talk, and your blood is hot. God knows the wrongs of the Irish are great; but it's not that sort of talk will help us. The day will come when Ireland will be free and our wrongs righted, and till then we must be patient, for 'twill be in God's own good time. Sure, 'tis true you were turned out of your little home, but wasn't it in the priest's house your mother (God be with her) died, and could she have gone from a better? 'Deed, 'tis little Gerald O'Neil knows how ye were treated. Isn't it that black guard of a Dan Kelly that did the dirty bit of work, and Gerald O'Neil away in Australy this three years," and " "Yes." interrupted Katie, "isn't he where all the absentee landlords are— anywhere but at home looking after their interests. Didn't Dan Kelly say he had instructions to ciear out the DevlinsP" "Faith, then, 'twas little ye had to do to listen to that black-hearted villian, the son of (and himself) a dirty in former. Katie, child, I was Gerald O'Ncil's foster-mother, and a noble boy he was: and do you think the boy I held in my arms and nursed at my breast would hurt a hair of the head of one belonging to me? When you was a weeny child of five and he a fine lad of fourteen, he carried you in his arms and called you his little sweetheart." Katie looked unconvinced. "It's well you have the kind word for him," she said bitterly, "but I will never forgive him. Aunt Norali, I am the last of the Devlins. On Monday I leave my native land for a foreign shore. Ire land, dear Ireland." fand here her voice broke). " I may never see again, but be fore I leave her. green shore&" I rwflS , swear; beside my dear mother's grave) tci: take, vengeance on Gerald O'Neil." . (i Four days later, on a cold grey misty morning, when the very heavens seemed to weep o'er her sorrows, Katie Devlin left her Kerry home for far-off Aub tralia. When she saw the bowed figure of her Aunt North, her only living rela tive, standing lohely on the quay ' her tears fell fast. She had the deep love of her country, typical of the Irish peo ple, and when Erin had faded from her view she went below, and in a ; burst - of anguish cried aloud, "Aunt Norah, Aunt Norah! Ireland, dear Ireland, my heart will break for your loss." Then those bitter words rose to her lips: "Accursed be Ireland's oppressors. Oh, God grant me this one favor,' to meet Gerald O'Neil and help me to-ven geance." And in His own time and His own way God heard and granted her re. quest. * * * In a little bush township on the north-east of South Australia stood jft little weather-board building, the public school of Terlinga. There Katie had obtained a position as provisional teacher soon after her arrival in the State. Her pupils have been dismissed some time ago, and Katie is preparing to leave. She looks a pretty picture in her pale blue linen gown and broad-brimmed hat with wreath of daisies. Under the influence of our sunny clime she has blossomed into a lovely woman. The dark wavy hair is brushed back from her broad white brow and knotted closely at the back of her shapely head. Her eyes are of deep dark grey-blue. The typical Irish eyes, so soft and tender, and full of expression, with dark eyebrows and curling lashes, a tender expressive mouth, and skin like milk and roses, for the warm sun had not yet tanned it, complete a noble face and a true index to the girl's character. She resided with an old lady in the township about two miles from the schoolhouse, which was situated about half-way between the two townships^ of Terlinga and Moculta, her pupils consist ing of children from both townships. Putting her papers away, she locked the door and stood for a moment unde cided as to which path to take. There were two—one the straight road leading into the township, the other a rough bush track through the scrub, making the walk a difference of half a mile less. She had all a new arrival's dread of being lost, but thought she would be able to find the children's track. The evening shadows were falling and the scrub looked very inviting. Over head the sky of tender blue was flushed in places with streaks of flame-colored clouds and drifting patches of grey, and white. The wattles were covered with their fluffy golden bloom, breathing forth a musky fragrance. In the trees the bright-plumaged parrots and parrakeets made lively splashes of color chattering and flitting from bough to bough. A flock of snowy cockatoos, pink- crested, flew over with discordant screech. The kookaburras made the bush resound with their mocking laugh, and the sweet flute-like note of that queen of Australia's songsters, "the magpie," piped and trebled and trifled. Each side of the track grew great clumps of native lilac and wild mignonette. Truly a lovely land, sunny Australia, with a unique beauty all its own. But Katie's thoughts flew back to the land of her birth. In fancy she could see the little cabin in Kerry, Aunt North's pale worn face, "with its look of patient endurance" framed by the neat cap, the little plaid shawl folded cross wise over the bent shoulders. A wild longing came to see home again. She looked round. Night was coming quickly, and the scrub seemed hushed and lonely. Its wild, weird beauty ap palled her. A wave of desolate lone liness passed over her. It was so dif ferent to Erin in her spring garb— her tender beauty of budding trees, the green lanes, hedges white and pink with hawthorn and briar, gay with music of singing bird. Such a loving memory it was. She smiled tenderly and broke into a soft snatch of song— "Ireland, dear Ireland, I love thee, My heart it beats wildly for thee." She was startled to hear a rich manly voice strike in— "Ireland, my home and my country." She turned in amazement to see behind her a stalwart man with merry blue eyes and sunny curls standing with hat in hand. "Pardon me," he said, "I was about to address you when you broke into song. The temptation was strong to let you know there was a compatriot behind you, so I joined in. But are you aware you have left the track and are going right inro the heart of'the pcrub 1" She looked round in dismay. "Oh, thank you. I did not know I had left the track.. I was taking a short cut to Terlinga." "And was leaving Terlinga quite two miles to your left," he said, with-a smile. "I was also on my road then, and, catch ing a glimpse of your dress through the trees, surmised you had missed the.track and took the liberty of setting you right, for I knew there was no townshipjn this \- direction. ? If s^ou-do -riot bb|bfetfl will ribcompany -you H1iill you reach your destination." •' . . For a moment Katie hesitated; then a look at the frank open face satisfied her, and she accepted his offer. They regained the track, and when they had gone some distance, he said: "Judging your nationality by your song, you are a countrywoman of mine." "1 am Irish," she said, "and when I missed the track I was thinking of dear old Kerry." 1 "Kerry! Why, may I ask from what part you come?" "Derrynane." "Derrynane! Why. I was born there," he said. "I wonder if you ever heard of Gerald O'Neil?" She turned and faced him in surprise. "Yes, I have heard of you, Gerald O'Neil. and no doubt my name is familiar to you. It is Katie Devlin." She expected him to look confused and ashamed, but he asked eagerly, "Not Norali Daly's niece. Surely not the Katie Devlin I carried in my arms, and -" Here he stopped in dismay, for her suppressed anger and bitterness burst forth. "Yes, I am Norah Daly's niece, and the daughter of the woman whom your agent turned out in the road to die of oold and hunger. I swore by my mother's grave to have vengeance on you, Gerald O'Neil, and so help me God I will keep that vow." And before he could detain her she was hastening from him as if his pre sence were a pollution. He stood transfixed with amazement. "Good Lord," he said aloud, "what a termagant! What on earth did she mean? Turned her mother out to die. Then his brow grew dark. Surely that scoundrel Kelly hasn't been playing evic tion tricks? Here, Katie—Miss Devlin." But she only sped on faster. "Good God. if it should be I must make that matter plain. What a rage she was in. She would have vengeance, and, by Jove! she meant it." Then his lips smiled tenderly as he mused, "Little Katie that I loved as a boy. What a lovely woman she has grown! Faith, but she has the Irish temper. But what on earth is she doing in Australia?" Several times Gerald tried to see Katie and have an explanation, but she refused to even see him. Day by day she brooded over her supposed wrong until she became possessed by the one desire of revenge. Three years prior to the opening of this story Gerald O'Neil had left Ire land to settle in Australia. A lenient landlord, his rents were small, and his mother's delicate health necessitated re sidence in a warmer summer land, so he was leasing a large tract of land near the township of Moculta for farming, sheep and cattle raising. The name of his station was Koonoona. * * * The days rolled on. Spring was gone, an early summer succeeding. It was Christmas Eve, Katie's first in this new land. Mass was to be celebrated on Christmas Day, and Katie rode from Terlinga to put the little schoolhouse in order. It was a concession, Mass on Christmas Day, the Holy Sacrifice being usually celebrated once in two or three months. Katie worked hard to make the little school-room as nice as possible for the reception of the heavenly Visitor. At last ail was in order, and she sat on the door step resting before beginning to ride back. It was a most unpleasant day. Since dawn a scorching east wind had been blowing, bringing thick clouds of soft yellow dust that were almost choiring her. The sun blazed down pitilessly, and the air was heavy and op pressive. It was more than ordinarily so, and she could not understand what the thick grey haze was that seemed to be fast gathering. Two little boys with grimy faces and dusty clothes drew near. "Evening. Miss Devlin. My word, there's a big bush-fire over yonder," pointing towards the scrub. "Is it near, Dick," she asked anxi ously. "No, miss, 'tisn't coming in this direc tion. it is making straight tor- Koonooua. I bet there'll be a blaze when it gets to O'Neil's. He's got two of the biggest haystacks round 'ere." "Yes," said the other boy, "an' dad ses he's a fool; he ain't got nothin' insured." "Well," said Katie, carelessly, "I suppose there are enougb men on the run to keep the fire in check." "Lor, no, miss; they are nearly ail away bringing up the stock from tne back part of the run, where they ar run out of water. So you see they 'avo to bring sheep and cattle to the 'ome dams. We just come from there, and there ain't no one home only old Mrs. O'Neil an' the servant. Peter, the black boy, is there, voo, an' Tom Brown, the knockabout, buo he'6 drunk." "How dreadful; could you not give the men word?" The boy grinned. "Hey, miss, did you ever see a bush fire?" "No, Dick." "Well, long before we could walk to them there would be no station left. Crikey I you ought to see a fire travel; a hingin' isn't in it." "S'long, miss," and they were off at a run. Katie sat for a moment in anxious thought. Could she warn the homeslead if she started at once? Her horse was fresh and—but, ah! here was the chance she had prayed and waited for. Here the answer to her prayer for revenge. Why should she warn them? Had she not sworn vengeance on Gerald O'Neil. He would be ruined, and his mother, like her own, homeless, and who knew what might happen? The old lady was weak and feeble and alone, save the company of a foolish ignorant girl, a blackboy, and a drunken 6tockman. To such depths do the passions sink when the devil urges." Then she felt faint and sick when she realized where her thoughts of mad anger, her desire for revenge, were lead ing her. Utter ruin to a fellow- creature, and, Great God! in thought almost a murderess—she who intended to receive her Holy Saviour next morning. In a moment all her bitter thoughts vanished. "Merciful God, pardon mel" came penitently from her dry lips. "Holy Mother of God, pray for me." Springing to the back of her horse, she touched him lightly with her whip, and with an earnest prayer that she might be in time, sped over the track, through the scrub, over rough mallee roots, pushing her way with many a scratch and tear from the prickly shrubs and drooping branches. Thicker and blacker came the clouds of 6moke, and, looking backwards, she could discern in the distance a gleam of the approaching fire. On and on they flew, till at last the panel barred the path leading to the house. A tightening of the rein, a touch on the noble animal's flank with her whin. and he skimmed it like a bird. Hastening to the house, she found Mrs. O'Neil and the girl quite unaware of the approaching danger. Calling the blackboy, who was asleep, and sobering the rouseabout by the application of a bucket of oold water, they set to work to try and save the stacks. There was no time to look for further aid. The homestead itself was almost safe, as on three sides the ground had been ploughedj though there was a danger of its catching fire from the sparks which were now falling fast. However, the great danger was the haystacks, which would burn fiercely if they caught, and would probably spread the fire to the stockyards, where the frightened cattle were huddled. The two men mounted ladders and placed wet hags oil the stacks as fast as Katie and the maid could wet and hand them up. The roar of the flames could be heard, and they could now see them rapidly ad vancing, clasping trees in their ' fiery embrace, and licking greedily with long tongues of fire the dry undergrowth. Katie worked heroically, her white linen habit stained and torn, and scorched in many places by the falling sparks. The soft white hands were cut and bleeding. When the fire reached the ploughed ground,having nothing to feed on in ad vance. it turned off and swept towards the other part of the run, making a clean sweep of the grass and fences^ gnd_ leaving a trail of charred and burning wood. "Him gone," said the blackbov. But the danger was not over, for fragments of burning wood and leaves were falling. Suddenly a loud hurrah is heard, and Gerald, at the head of the men, is seen riding furiously towards them. "Hooray, Master Gerry," said the bLackboy, "glad you come." "Mother," he asks breathlessly. "Missa Neil all safe." "How did you get word here?" "Missie Debblin come like mad; and golly, she' work like—" Gerald turned to Katie. "How can I thank you! You have saved me from, ruin." Smoke-grimed, with bleeding hands and wan white face, though the tender blue eyes shone like stars, Katie fal tered, "Did—I—not—swear—vengeance —Mr. 0 ." And, utterly worn out she fell in a limp heap at his feet. All danger was over. Thanks to Katie's noble, brave heart, home and flocks were saved to Gerald O'Neil; and after mutual explanations, he laid then: with his love and name at Katie's iee* A month later she wrote the following: —"Dear Aunt Norah—You were rignt. Gerald is all and more than you to id me. He knew nothing of Kelly's tricas. In three months we will be in dear old Ireland to set all things right. I have kept my vow of vengeance for —. I am going to marry Gerald." 