In row of the recurrence of disastrous bush fires in various parts of the Static, and the certainty of many Other out breaks before the end of the summer, it is imperative that attention should he paid to means of minimising the terrible risks to which country districts are exposed. Tho best methods of se miring waw paddocks, inflammable bush, and homesteads against fire are, or should be, well understood now in every part of tlie State, and were point ed out in this column early in tho cur rent summlar. Just as the/railways have strips burnt along them to prevent Spa rla Starting into ignition in dry' herbage beside the lines, so should farmers and other ; landowners consider that they owe it to tihemselve3. and to their neighbors to have all. the bound aries of their properties well marked by cleared or ploughed fire protection Bones. And yet rural residents, while freely admitting that onormous. losses might, bo averted if .occupiers of land adopted, the most elementary safe guards against firo, cannotl be induced to systematically and thorougjily grapple with the danger until they are actually confronted, with it on the ap proach of a fire. Without concerted ac tion and uniform measures, it is almost impossible bo check the ravage of these ruinous outbreaks. In this res pect wo have much bo learn from some of oho American States, in which cer tain officials in each district are pointed as fire wardens, and then- duty consists in keeping a sharp watch ih the public interests against the rush of forest and grass fires. If tho herbage in any district should happen to be in such a condition that a spark might kindle a conflagration, the wardens promptly put into compulsory operation | L on.-.in gonoral precautions, such ns the clcanng of protection zones and tho organisation of local brigades to cope with any outbreaks that may occur. Tho law of this country, of course, goes some way towards general protection, but no law, unless buttressed by indi vidual care and adoption of all possible precautions, can hope to remove the dangers arising from public callousness. ~ sir.ngont law should make little dis tinction between the careless and the wilful starting of a bush or grass fire, for the ultimate re sult is the same, ; and equally spalling is the devastating loss of pro perty, and porhaps of life, that too often results. In this view it is satis factory to note the action of various bouches of magistrates in sentencing to terms of imprisonment, without the op tion of a fine, men whoso negligence;or wanton mischievousness has been re sponsible for outbreaks of fire. A few ' such sentences should have a whole some and deterrent effect. Mr A. A. iiison, M.L.A., has sounded a timely note of warning as to the great danger ' of bush fires arising from the use of phosphorus compounds for poisoning rabbits. Evidence is available on all sides, lie says, that, notwithstanding .ho greatest care in mixing the poison ing compound, some portions of phos phorus remain undissolved, with the re sult that fires are caused. Further, Mr klsou points out that, as there is no law compelling users to mix the com pound properly, and ■ as many owners lay it down in any condition, just to satisfy the inspectors, it is clear that much poison is laid every year in a highly dangerous condition. Greatei care in this respect, and also in the re striction of the use of wax matches during the summer months, would go a long way towards checking some of the most prolific causes of fires. The majo rity of the shire councils are doing their utmost to lessen one of the evils hy requesting all storekeepers and others to refrain from disposing of wax match es during tho dangerous period, but they are handicapped by lack, of legis lative authority to enforce the restric tion—a. power whicli should be confer red upon them. Nor can the neces sity for the establishment of bush-fire brigades bo too strongly enjoined, and I in this direction good examples have been set at Linton, Snake Valiev, Beau fort, and in other parts of this district. Tiio Bush Fires Committee, which made enquiries and took evidence last year, laid stress upon the necessity for this form of organised effort, and pointed out that experience has shown that such brigades mav bo well equipped at the commencement for a very small amount, say about £5O. Water carts, holding 200 gallons, with force pump attach ment, which either sprays or throws a jet of water a considerable distance, are absolutely essential, as their great value inf suppressing fires, or for burning breaks when back firing is resorted to, especially in a high wind, has been.fully demonstrated, as it was notably in the ease of a fire which broke out in tho Albury district. One settlor expressed the opinion that the fire would hayp got entirely beyond control, and have swept the whole of that part of Riverina but for the effective aid rendered by the pumps, one of them being, in his opin ion, equal to 50 men. Human effort, unassisted by. mechanical appliances, can mako very little headway in beating out a fire. With a tank of water on a horse cart and a fire pump, water can be played on to the flames in places where a beater could not possibly go. Tho danger of bush-fires is so recurrent and inevitable, and tho possibilities of devastation and loss so great, that bri gades should bo organised in every rural district which is liable to these disastrous visitations: ' The possibili ties of loss this year, with a harvest' nearly approaching a record, and with rapidly increasing flocks arid herds in the pastoral districts are enormously greater than in less favorable seasons, and call for tho utmost care in guard ing against them as far as Is humanly possible. The representatives of th© City Coun cil and of the Water Commission who are to meet in conference to-day. to con sider the question of an adequate 1 sup ply.,, of' whiter, for .the Botanic! Gardens should have no hesitation in- deciding upon definite and prompt action. It is understood that the Commission will ask the council to either instal a pump ing plant for the purpose of drawing water from the lake for irrigation pur poses, or to have a branch main lead down specially for the supply of tile gardens. Tho only question which need engage serious consideration at the conference is that as to which of the two methods would prove the more economical in the end. In the one case, the laying of tho new main, the first cost would probably be the last, and the permanency and adequacy of the supply would be assured, while the expense .would boa small consideration in comparison with the advantage to he gained by maintaining the garden in a state of perennial verdanoy and beauty. To permit of thoir attractiveness being impaired, as it has already been in very noticeable degree this summer, hy a paltry spirit of parsimony, would betray most reprehensible short-sightedness and foolishness on the part of the civic authorities. Several correspondents whoso letters have appeared in these columns have borne out the reiriarks previously made in “The Star”- os tp the parched "appearance which the gardens have presented as the result of enforced lack of proper watering, and as to the neglect- of duty and dis regard of. public interests which have: been shown bythe council in failing to. make the requisite provision for - an ample supply of water, and in allowing the magnificent and valuable collections of plants in the green- houses, the fern- ! ery, lawns, flowerbeds, and hedgee to be blighted and withered by the heat of the finst month or two of summer. The protests thus raised have had their ef fect in efforts to somewhat improve the water supply, bi»t the steps taken have been- but temporary expedients and half-measures, and only by the adoption of one or other, of the proposals ; to bo considered to-day can the serious dif ficulty -under which the curators of the gardens now labor be speedily and ef fectively oreroome onoe and for all. The forecast of the weather tor to-day is as follows:—“Fine moderate tem- Darature light south-easterly winds, moderating.” . The foltowing wexo the School of Mines. Ballarat, recoils vesterday:— Barometer falling, 28.b1l mcbes; barometer, reduced to sea level and 32 degrees Fahr., 30.111 inaxu mum day temperature, shade <0.9 de grees: minimum previous night, shade, 45.2 degrees. The reoort of the Railways Stand.ng Conimittee on the proposal of the BaUarat ■Water Commission to construct anoth reservoir capable of "g SOO.W.OOJ gallons of water .from the flow oftoe Moorabool in order to augment water supply for the city has been fur nished to the Government, and will "ound in another column . After rar.ew iag the evidence tendered m support of the scheme, the report concludes- J-b -committee recommends the Legislative As sembly to approve of the scheme at a cost rmt exceeding X-53.000.jnd suggeete thot the money bo advanced by the ment conditionally on theWatorSupply Department supervising the construct lot. of the proposed reservoir and being held responsible for the stability and effective ness of the work.” A meeting of the committee arranging for the proposed exhibition of Australian manufactured goods was held at. the City Hall last evening. Present—Messrs 1. L - Long (president), L. Ledorman A. a. tard, A. A. G. Goddird, J. Oliver, H. S. Simmons, W R. Elsworth, E. IS'hew, W- Harrisoii, G. Tounor, F. A. Tunbridge, Nettle, end W. B. Al'Comiall (secretary). The secretary reported that when in Melbourne recently he had inter viewed the heads of several of the load ing firms, and a number had promised to t-eud exhibits. Messrs long, LedoVnnm, and Shew were appointed to go to Mel bourne -to try and obtain more exmbits. Mr Lv carman reported that .£lOO worth of space bad already been applied for, mid about £lOO worth had been promised. It was decided to have an open exhiDition of Sloyd work and drawing for Sloyd pupils, past and present, this to be non competitive, and also to have a competi tive exhibition open to preseut pupils only. There will also boa cooking com petition, open to State schools, each school making a display daily. The socrelary was instructed to write to the directors of the Ballarat West qnd Bast Technical schools. and ask them to co-operate in the Sloyd work exhibitions. It is most probable that summonses will to-day bo issued by the police against Sam Williams, the hypnotic subject, who is at present lying in a trance at Bos tock and WombwelTs circus, and also against a well-known local cabman. The proceedings will be taken against the two for an alleged breach of tho City and Town bylaws, furious driving being the specific charge. On Tuesday afternoon last Williams, after being hypnotised by Professor Bonner and tiien blindfolded, mounted the box seat of a pair-horse drag, and dl-ove through the 'principal seats of the City and Town at a very fast pace in _ his search for a fcnife. which had been hidden by a public committee of investigation. The cabman concerned in the affair - isono who drove a cab which, followed the drag, and which contained a number of the committee of inspection, together with several pressmen. The cab driver will probably receive his summons I to-day, but the police are not desirous of of interfering with the interesting hyp notic experiment now being conducted at tho circus, and will not serve Sam Wil liams until he is released from Vis long j sleep on Saturday night next by Professor Bonner. The latter gentleman states if. any constablo attempts to serve a writ i on Williams on the 6tag» before the evening’s entertainment is concluded be will hypnotise the -policeman on the 6pot, I blue paper and all. The charge of al’egod imposition pre ferred against William Vawdrey, well known to members of the local Stock Ex chaiige, by Mr John Reid, -proprietor of Reid’s Coffee Palace, will be proceeded witu at the City Court to-dav. The prosecution will be conducted by" Mr M I Lazarus, and Mr TutliiU wilt defend vawdrey. At the School of Mines last evening a thoroughly representative meeting of State School teachers was held to con- , sidor the question of the election oi a teachers classifier. Mr G. J. Mead was voted to the chair. He brieily explained .to the meeting tho position they were in, pointing out that the constitution of the board of classifies had been changed. a nd that teachers had now to elect <mc of the members. In the election the principle of preferential voting bad been adopted. On the motion of Mr Partly seconded bv Mr M’Lean, it wa3 unani mously decided to nominate Mr J. Drum men for tlie position. Mayor Robin and Messrs Rattray, Thomas. Blight and others heartily supported the selection “ode. The meeting formed itself into a committee, and the members pledged themselves to do all in their power to socure the election of Mr Drummond. Tlie State revenue continues in a liighly buoyant condition. The revonue returns for January were issued yesterday- and they showed that tho total State receipts for the past month amounted to £547,101, as compared with .£505,915 for the corres ponding month of 1905, an incroase of .£11,430. The Commonwealth also returned £210,876 this January, as against £180,359 for January, 1905, or an increase of £30,427. Thus the total State rovenuc, and Commonwealth balance returned, amounted to £758,187, as compared with £686,274 for the corresponding period last year, an increase of £71,913 on tho month. The shortage on some of the pre vious months for the present financial yoar has, however, reduced the total in creases of Tovenue from Ist January, to £56,382 —the totals amounting to £1,273,389 for this year, as compared with £4,217,887 for the corresponding term last year. In the. State revenue the railways gave an increase on the month of £57,358. but there is a decrease of £13,883 in territorial receipts, and one of £30,901 in miscel laneous revenue. In excise there is an Increase of £25,089,. and in fees one of £4,450. compared with the similar terms Inst .year. ... . The conference of State Premiers will meet in Sydney. The Premier of Mew South Wales has now extended a cordial invitation to the- Premiere of the other States to come to Sydney during the first week-of April. Mr Bent and Mr Price (Premier of South Australia) have accept ed this invitation,' and it is certain that Mr Kidston (Queensland), Captain Evans (Tasmania), and Mr Rason (West Austra lia), will fall in with this arrangement. Among the matters to be discussed is the Murray River Wntors question (which concerns New South Wales, Victoria and South Australia only), payment of income tax by Federal officers, the extension of the “Braddon Section" of the Federal Constitution (which relates to the State’s share of Customs revenue), Loan Conver sion. immigration and passage rates in connection therewith and other business. The Prime Minister’s offer to introduce te"islation on certain conditions “to ad vertise, subsidise and onorgise’ the im migration movement will be dis cussed when the subject of ini tion generally 1® before the conference. Students of natural history can spend an an interesting hour by having a look at the magnificent collection of wild animals in Bostock and WombwelTs menagerie, which is now stationed in the Militia re serve. Captain ‘Taylor, the manager of the circus, whose special department is the menagerie, is an instructive and cour teous mentor, and takes a pleasure in im parting . his vast fund of information to fee visitor who is fortunate enough- to se cure his services for a tour of inspection. Tho exhibition of lions—sixteen in all— is the best and most varied ever present ed to an Australian public. Many of I.them are fierce animals, but are com pletely under the captain’s control, while the collection of tigers,. leopards, jugunre, and pumas submitted : to view is a very fine one. ' Some xarecuriceitles are to tie .seen in the .tent, some of the exhibits having been procured at a great expen diture of moneynnd trouble. The llama, captured -in Northern Cbili, cost the Ann eloto on £l6o to land in London, while a splendid specimen of the bine-faced-man dril ape,'from the west coast of Africa, necessitated the expenditure of about the same' amount. , A, yellow- faced baboon,- from New Guinea, is' an animal of the ape tribe-rarely aeen in a wild beast show, while' a number of red-faced mandrils, calatrix, bonnet, -and Jew monkeys and marigabeye, from South America, complete a splendid collection ot the monkey species, which . .includes the wonderfully intelligent chimpanze, Marie, and the popular favorite; Sixpence, both of which can do almost anything but talk.. An other rAre wild beast shown in the menagerie.' arid ’one which is seldom seen in captivity, is the Taper, or river, ele phant, procured from Brazil at great ex pens®, while An exhibit from Patagonia, viz., the eea lion, also attracts a con siderable amount of attention. Juvennes wto visit tho show are greatly taken with a couple of lion cubs, about the size of an ordinary full-grown cat, which occupy & cage in company with their mother, who keeps a jealous eye on them night and day. The famous Ceylon elephant, Alice, which is camped near the door, is al ready a great favorite with the public, and holds out her trunk besoeoliingly lor dainties to every newcomer. Taken right L;; rough, the collection is n very fine one, and a chat with Captain Taylor, who has made tlio habits of his animal friends a life study, i3 a treat to anyone interested in natural hiatory. A slight sensation was caused in Vio toria street yesterday afternoon by a young lady resident of Muir street falling in a fainting fit. Mr Tlioe. Carey and several other passers by hastened to tho lady’s assistance, and carried hei into the iiavl iah hotoi at the request ot tli6 licensee Mrs Gloeson. There she was provided with stimulants, but she remained in a semi- conscious condition for some time .After u good rest she was nble, with the aid of an escort, to proceed to her home. Had the members of the Ballarat Fire Brigade had at tueir command a good pressure ot water when trying to ex tinguish the firs whLcn. occurred at Bee ; Moy’s store, at the Chinese Camp, GoLdcn Bomt, on Wednesday night, they would have had the flames under control in a tow minutes and before any great damage was done but as it was the lire blazed away for nearlv an hour and a half, and finally burned itself out. The poor pres sure available at the time is accounted for by the fact that from G to 8 o’clock on Wednesday evening people living in the south ward are allowed to use the water for irrigation purposes, and no doubt they take full advantage of the orivilege to prevent their gardens from being ruined. It is suggested by those who have to fight the flames in the event of an outbreak occurring, that when the fire bell rings out aLI those using tne water should shut off their taps for at last half an hour to give the brigadiers n fair chance of coping with the flames. The suggestion, if carried into ©fleet, mia- lit at some time or other be tlio means of savin'- valuable property or oven lives. The dozen 1209 candle power arc lamps Installed at the Eastern Oval by tho Elec tric Supply Company recently, wero y co lorday tested and found to wont sp 011- didlv. They were given anoLiior tnai in the evening, and they throw out a brilliant light all over Clio ground, lhe new lamps will bo used tor tne fust time to-night, when the first municipal concert, arranged by the Town Council will be held. Those desiring to use tne i-rouml in future for night entertainments wi°l have to pay for the bightb, thorn apart from the ordinal„> oi the Oval. . Tin to a late hour last night a ccuplc of members of the Ballarat 1- ire were still watching, what hitde nW chimneys and ironwork- of tho *™‘ e ° Lty- Moy, at the Chinese camp. At ■ [ Mov’s request they are rcmainn.g in td the adjuster in arri cs in The owner who was Svomf from I,V ’ 1 ”t and watclihouee at lhe police rtroae-nt undergoing Ballarat East are , nt “ usidc and oS, a andTo "single 1 quarters at Grant hotel and other , ir ,u.»v tion was in a very bad. la >^ io £ at ‘ ed Tho contractors expect to finish their work in a fortnight s time. A discussion took place at the hist meet ing of the Town Council about the speert at”which the electric trams travel through the -principal streets and over and in pursuance of instructions reco- ve. 1 “h. Town clerk (Mr Gent) wrote to the manager of the company, asking that the motormon be instructed to drive at a Ices •rate of speed. The manager oi the «>ra pany (Mr B. Deakin) has replied stat.n^ I that the trams travel at no greater speed than eight miles an hour, which is not considered excessive. Mr Leakm iueo I points out that a lot of tune is lost by ; the travelling public, many of whom are slow at entering and leaving the cars, and this time litis to bo made up by the driveis in order to adhere to the time table. The letter is likely to lead to an animated discussion at tbe council meet ing this afternoon. In this connection, if tho company had coaistructed the foot ways, or steps, leading to tho care, in a. more convenient fashion, all ‘lie ioa» of time complained of by Mr Deakin would be. obviated. As tho steps are, it is a matter of difficulty for ladies, or elderly men, to ascend to tho cars. About 400 persons, comprising the com bined annual oxcursion of tne Sunday Schools of Clunes und Touretlo, visited Ballarat yesterday. The weather being beautifully fine, the outing proved vorv enjoyable. Scores of the oxcursionisls proceeded to Lake Wendouree and the Gardens. The party travelled by special train, which lelt on the return journey shortly before ten o’clock. Last .Sunday afternoon Professor Bon ner, kvpnotiet, connected with Messrs Des tock "and Wombwety's Circus, with his wife decided to go for a tram ride to the Botanical Gardens. They were unablo to got a seat on the electric car, so had to go on the top of the trailer. After pro ceeding some distance Mis Bonner notice;! that her cream silk dress was spotted all over, and a further examination disclosed the fact that her costume was covered with ail, which was splashing from tile wheel on tho top of the electric car pole as it revolved. The seat, too, on the top of the traitor had oil all over it, so it is stated. Professor Bonner on returning to the city telephoned to tho office of tho Tramv-uy Company, and invited a repre sentative down to examine his a ife’s dicio, but there was no response. Mis Loa ner's hat was also destroyed by tlio splashes of oil. The dress is valued at A8 8s and the hat at A2 2s. Professor Bonner yesterday instructed Mr Pied. Ham to apply to the company for coinnen sation;' failing which logoi proceedings will be taken;,. At the fortnightly meeting of the Sebas topol Bcrough Council last evening tho .mayor (Or H. Mathoa; staled that he would be pleased to'onganise a fund for the as sistance of tlie unfortunate people who had been burnt out by the recent) disastrous bush flies. Adler several councillor had referred to the matter, the mayo, dccitlea to call a public meeting in the Sebastopol Town Hall on Monday evening next. A special L-eneral meeting of the Bal larat branches of tho Political Labor League vvn6 held in tbe Trades’ Hall last ovefiing. Mr C. Meagher presided over a very large attendance. Several pro posals for amondment of the constitution and state platform were submitted, and discussed.before being finally passed lor consideration of the annual State Con ference. to bo held in April next. It was resolved to co-operate with the bush fire relief movement in the effort to raise funds by tho bond entertainment on Sunday next. It was decided to defer the usual P.S.A. moeting until evening in consequence. It wa-' ascertained yesterday that the Sludge Abatement Board had not yet had time to consider tho evidence taken be fore it in Ballantt regirding the running of 6nnd and ‘sludge into the Calec’oninn Channel. Nine months ago the board ciuno to Ballarat and took evidence from representatives of mining companies and others interested in the matter. Sines then the members of the board have hod a lot of other important work to do in various parts of the State, but they hope o go into tho matter of tho Caledonian Channel sludge nuisance shortly, and they will c.s early as ptaalblo furnish a report, AVhon in Ballarat the mombens of the board admitted that the question was tlio biggxvt they had up to that time had no deal with, heuoe they desire plenty of time to go into it. If they decide against the comoonies it 'will undoubtedly lend to tho closing down of same of the Eastern mines, for the companies have ho room to stack their Band, and it would not. pay them to have it carted away. During last month 6G men and two women were naturalised under tho Fede ral Naturalisation Act. Thirty-six wero married and 32 single. Of Germans there were 21; Swedes, 11; Italians. 7; Russians (including 2 Poles and 1 Finn?, 7; Nor wegians, 5; Greeks. 4; Danes. 3;-Aus trians. 2; North 'Americans, 2; Portu gaeee, X; French. 1; Belgian, 1; Chihans. 1; Spaniards, 1; and Swiss, 1- The Natu ralisations were effected in the S_tatea as Follow:—N.S.lV., 27; Victoria, Id; Vest Australia, 12; Queensland, 12; Soutn Aus tralia, l; and . Tasmania. 1. ' A t the City Hall yesterday morning a meeting of the local bush-fire commute. « hfld. There were pr«‘ S'w s‘a * ?AWf Colonel Williams (treasurer), Gent (secretary). hi^° for tne Towu. ft torus m Ballarat. xu , OT r Swida> Mit t® raise will be given on th Band, the mem bere If whtoh’liave kindly Tolwwerjg to do all in their bed£s feu: was decided to ascertain ™ conin- J»Aff»K.^3Sfa-5 saw x ss. : tributed locally '>»»=,«»*,£ S^T.i: iiAVzss* •> ~rai; Another committee niccting wll lieUl on Monday morning, at 11 o deck- lie following amounts have been received b.> ; the Mavor of the City towards the bush fires sufferers relief fund PA’evmudy no- : ery Company, X2l; Mrs J. P. Muriaj, jg; ■ Mrs Jeff reo, £2 2s. Both .the City and Ballarat Fire Bn- | Hades are hard at work form the beams chosen for the domcm . stration to bo held at Bondigo dunng . next month. The various ~-hinh w iU represent tho Cjity did good ''-ork in Raglan street .tho runs being dono in fairly good him.' The Ballarat boys also pm:, m solid work last niri.t, and although many men who B&SXZZVS.Ifg; S&Vt9SffrasX;^ good rocovd at B--ndis..o. About throe months ago a start was made by the Electric Supply Company To tkJl tho Mount Pie .sent line from the tornmus at G 1 d-.tono street wi Co-- deii street. The roadway ■> -s torn up and prepared >for tho rails, operations were suspended- T o low n (Jounc'd communicate-.! «’it ‘ ’•- pf.iiv cn tho matter, and a >..)} c-ivcd ti'n.at the work could nou 1)0 P ! ° ceeded with, became of t,ho the ship bring n j the rads to Au.Si_i ._ ia was wrecked. The present. s f atc of te ; road intcrieres very materially u -Kr D c tZic, and the people living m Bark street: between Gladstone ™d <*bd<m streets, aro much annoyed by du.®® will' ll finds its way into their duelhu„- houses in largo quantities on «ay-s sucl, [as Wednesday, when the wind »•>* so The° measurements taken at tosor- I voire on Wednesday show -bat for th* week 40 midion gallons were corn I bu'm'4 at the rate of 1-1‘- p j per day, which is just ab ?A; t^ a J on of. the previous fee “ toctrßtole’s, Cr ] C 3 feet 1 »ch/ Pin^tt'B. supply now in the wuole of Un v is P 650.633,0C0 gallons. Last »h.v the basins contained C 90,122,000 gallons. - t ho beginning of the , }'t‘ r irtrilhfo 797.963.000 gallons available, -s> bat he consumption tor tlio month has been 147.330.000 gallons. Idle reseiw m .re capable of holding altogether when fu.l 331.960.000 gallons. Now that the electric light lias been installed at the Eastern Oral “f 0 " Council should provide more sit tin „ iw commodntion around the ff re?u ,'.,, 1 -‘ s ouirement is also very perceptible in the Citv Oval, and if outdoor entertainments are' to bo made successful then tue coat ing of patrons is worthy ol more consider ation. One of the most important internal fea tures of the Hotel Bull i-nd Mouth, Mn»>- Wougn. is the main staircase, which has greatly adnured. It is very hand some ?n sty le, and quite out of the ordi uerv ill design and the materials used, tne structure in every way being artistic to iis finish; in fact (remarks die Adver tiser”), it would be hard to find a sia,-- eaao :n the fetates which is constructed of such materials, and the richness m ap pearance can hardly be imagine! Hie stains aro approached from the two mam entrances, and can' bo seen mimediaucLy •in entering the building. The otops have a very easy go, and ore quite a pleiioure to ascend. The most uncommon part on the stairs is the balustfading, wnicli :o constructed of solid wrought letr copper a.inch x i-inch, artistically worked, anil relieve I with aluminium halls, heavilv plate'd with silver. Parts of tho eoppe: work are oxidised and parts burnished, which give a very pretty oifect. A lie soffit of stairs is lined with anaglypta in relief, with a bold cornice run round the ceiling of landing. The whole ot the cedar and kauri work is French polished. The stairs are beautifully lit from above with a lantern light roof, glazed with - 'G” put tent glass, and the ceiling is wood ami panelled out on an aivoglypta ground. Ail the work was prepared from detail drawing supplied by the architect, Mr \V If- ' Gribble, A.R.V.1.A., Ballarat. A pawnbroker's license was yesterday granted to Jacob Bernstein., by Messrs W. D. M'Kee and J. R. Elsworth, Js.P., at the Town Court. There was no other business. The January issue of the “Windsor Magnzino” is a very notable New Year number. Ib includes a large instalment of Anthony Hope’s picturesque new ro mance. “Sophy of Kravonia,” and com plete stories by Robert Barr, E. F. Ben son, and Justus Miles Forman—tne last uamod contributing a second episode in the career ol “UiyEses M'Cleod.” Mr Ben scu’s story, “The Depart ment,” hos, indeed, more the air of an article, for it is devoted to an extraordi narily minute analysis of tho superannua tion question. Other favorite novelists contribute stories of interest, among which may be mentioned Christopher S-t. John’s powerful study, .“Tlio CoaonaUon of j Mathilda, ” which is magn.fic.ntiy illustrated by Maurice GreUfem.ugen. i The second group Of “Vanity Fair’’ I cartoons works out even more in terestingly than the fust, and the color printing has been finely done. Mr Arthur Homing’s experiences of the Red Indian life of Canada are again magnificently il lustrated, and the fine art feature of the month consists of an appreciation of the work of Mr James Sant, R.A., whicn is accompanied by no fewer than 16 of the artist’s meet representative pictures, dhe School Boy w r axee more amusing than ever, and the other articles make up an excep- i t.onally fine number which is superbly il- ! lustrated throughout. | With reference to the case of Mr Love, ! apparently tho publicity given exclusively : in the columns of “The Star” has brought to tho Department of External Affairs 1 some slight sense of the injustice inflicted * upon a highly respected citizen of the : Commonwealth. The Secretary for Ex- i terual Affairs —Mr Atlee Hunt—now en- i doavors to oxtricate himself from an awk- j ward impasse by stating that Mr Love never said he wished to visit his birth- I place—Goa—and that he can bo granted a certificate exempting him from the opera- I tion of the Immigration Restriction Act | if he desires to temporarily leave the I community. No doubt he can—and prob ably will be notv that publicity has been. ' drawn to tho case; though, in the light I of the facts published, and the general! principles on which the Act is administer- | ed, it may be doubted whether this “con cession” would have been granted but for : tho light of publicity thrown upon the | case—but this docs not relievo tho de partment from the charge of a grave lack of sense in its administrative methods. If the certificate be granted it removes a portion of the personal grievance, but what about the national aspect? A re-1 nutable citizen of over 40 years’ standing nae—illegally, as we believe; certainly an- ; justly—been refused the privilege of na- ! tionalisation on the absurd plea that he ! is an “aboriginal” of a Portuguese colony j in India, whereas it has been proved that j Ills grand-parents were Portuguese, who i emigrated to Goa. Is it the departmental ignorance of etymology, or a lack of ability to appreciate the characteristics of a BOOQ citizen that is responsible for the wfusal? We can do with many more residents such, as Mr Love, and the Commonwealth would be the gainer by having them naturalised. Ernest Nelson, aged 21, residing in Macarthur street, wus treated at the Hos nital for a foreign body in the eye. Cy Lang, aged 17. of Doveton etrect w£P attended to for a splinter in her thumb and John Stuart, who was con vened to the institution by Constable Simpson, bad a number of abrasions on his face attended to. The property known as Cole’s Book Arcade walk, which forms part of the famous arcade. Melbourne, for ur'reach The reseda price, .and the pro perty was passed in for private sale. Mt B. J. M'Vitty, seoretaiy of the Bal larat Criohet Association, has received th tolkwing courteous aeknowledginent the hospitality meted out by the Ballarat cricketers to their comrades Jj® n £g!! ua the recent visit oi tile latter to Bal law:—“Dear Sir.—l have been directed by the above association to convey to tho members of your association and vouiboli their sincoreot tbnnks for the hearty wel come extended to us during our recent visit to your city in connec om wun ::ie Pan-Olympic gathering. We one and aIL enjoyed ourselves thoroughly', and 6hau always look back with pleasure on the many pleasant recollections of our visit. Prom the nton.cn, »# foot in your beau ii.nl c-ty uncii we left it was one round cf .enjoy ment for us, and our only regret is that we couid not. stay longer. \\\ c highly appreciate the kindly feeling that prompt ed you and your colleagues to entertain ns in 6uch a royal manner, and we trust that in the near future we may be able to reciprocate. With regard to the match itself, it is to be regretted that tune did. not permit of two innings being complet : ed, but the best team undcmb.edly won. I Hoping that ore long we may have tho ploasuro of renewing our acqua.nt nces- On behalf of the Bendigo District Cricket Association.—Beliove me to bo yours very r sincerely, Morris Barnett, hon. secre tary.’ 1 I A number of workmen were yesterday engaged in tnk.ng up the drinking fountain wh.ek -..as a fe.v years ago erected in Slurb s-roat by members of tire Women’s Christian TeirAxuance Union in m-.ruorv oi' the lata Queen. Victoria. The wi.rk was necessitated, by the fact that- tlho water-pipe con nected Witci the fountain is out of order. We have received the souvenir catalogue of the Australian Manufactures and Pro ducts’ Exhibition now being held in Mel bourne. Tile catalogue is illustrated by a largo number of portraits <>nd views, and also embodies a number ol interesting statistical tables showing the progress of :tie Commonwealth oi Australia in popula tion. commerce, fiunyiee, agricultural and pastoral production, manufacturing m anstiy, etc. 