LANDS, WORKS, AND RAILWAYS. M*MINISTER'S AN NUAL STATEMENT. AN INCREASED SCHEDULE.. •The Ministerial' statement of the Mii; ister of Lands, Works. ,ines,: lRailays, and Agriculture (Mr. Mean), was de livered in the House of Assembly last evening In moving that the Speaker leave the chair, and the Hlouse resolve" itself into a Committee of Supply on the Public Works proposals, Mr. MIban dealt first with the JLANDS DEIPARTMENT. The total "revenue collected by the Depart, ment of Lands and Surveys' for the year ending June 30, 10UU, was tiS,UltU, he said, uelug an increase o:f -Jl2,obU over the pren?ous year. The digures quoted replesent the actual re venue collected, and .do nout allow for any repaymenes made durinug the year in respect of Inmpovements eileeted by lessees of pantosal lands which have 'been selected, and therelore do not precisely agree W\ithI Le ilgures giy ven in tle l11u mua SaaLeuienu. 1t is g?fanlyulg tO nULe that lelre Is a stead, demanan lfor ourl heavily timbered sands of guuo quahbl , and during the year ended June 30, 190o, there were 7(10 applications received, covering 110,420 acices or 10,247 acres more thalu in the previous year. Over half the area selected is in the line county of Wellington, where the land is of a rich, loamny natuie, and warms and low- lying, and this county will in the future provide some of thie best dairying districts in Tasmania. A large propor tion of the settlers in Western \Velliug ton are from Gippsland, Victoria, mostly the sons of farmers, with capital. They are well satisfied with the character of the country, but complain that the want of roads to the back country prevents them from getting on to their selections, and deters other would-be settlers. iThe applications for small homestead lots of 50 acres and under, made under Part 11. of "The Crown Lands Act, 1903," are fcweri, and the area about 1500 acres less, than in the previous year. In all, 04 applications were received, covering "2385 acres, but the 'reason for the de cline is that selection lhas extended beyond existing roads, and a nman with no capital but his own labour cannot afford to take up a selection and then wait for a road to lie made to it. There is also a decline in the applications for second-class land under "The Crown Lands Act, 1903." The total number of applications for last year was 327, cover ing 31,565 acres, and the number of ap plications under "The Crown Lands Act, 1905" (which came into operation on January 1 last), was 339, covering 29,350 acres. For third-class land there were 403 applications, covering 138,198 acres, under "The Crown Lands Act, 1903," and under the Act of 1905 there were 342 applications, covering 75.160 acres. Though the number of applications was only two-thirds that of the previous year, the area applied for is about the same. The falling-off in the applicas tions for second and third-class land is accounted for by the fact that the best lots were previously selected in the com paratively large areas allowed under the Act of 1903, and that payment of survey fees in full is now required. The inten tion of the Legislature to secure bona fide settlement and improvement of these lands by the extra liberal provisions granted has not been realised. The return to tlhe former system of payment of survey fees in full, on second and third-class land, has been a prudent step, as under the one-fifth provision of the Act of 1903 the deferred payment of fered inducements for men to take up land for the timber and Wattle bark upon it, and when these were removed to throw up the selection. The rentals from pastoral leases for last year reached £6440, as against £7449 in the previous year-a decline of £1009. This is due to the eyes having been picked out of the pastoral runs, with the result that in matny eases the inferior portions are thrown back upon the state. The areas now leased are larger than in the previous year by some 43,000 acres, but the rentals are lower, because the best parts of the runs have been selected as third-class 'land at 5s per acre. CLOSER SETTLEMENT. The complaints that have come to hand regarding the absence of improved farms to let or sell to persons possessed of farning experience and capital, who come to Tasmania with a view to settling on the land, have induced the Government to present a bill to Parliament authoris ing the re-purchase, to a limited extent, of private estates for closer settleient. One of the main objects in view is to endeavour to utilise good agricuiltural lands, that are now held in comparative ly large areas, and in feiv'hands--mostly as runs for stock-in lromoting the farming industry under a leasing system of sniall areas, somewhat on the lines of the closer settlement carried on with advanetage to the coenmunity . in New Zealand. This' system is now being ex tended to the whole of the states of the CommonWealth. It is not considered that the' operations of the closer settle: ment proposal will materially interfere with the progress of the Crown 'lands system under .the provisions of the Crown Lands Act, but that it will aid in the general development of thie state; by providing suitable farms for a desirable class of farmers, who are not prepired to go into tlhe back country and carve ott a home for themselves in the forest. It is considered, that while there are -per sons with the necessary means prepiared to work good lands, now lying in an nn cultivated and wasteful condition, the state is not justifled in turning such' .people away from our doors, and in al lowing tihe dilminution of persons em ployed on thie land to continue without making anlly effort to arrest the decline. Tlhe number of leases held from the Crown for timber purposes was 114, covering a total area of 87,154 acres, and the revenue received for royalty. rentals, and fees during last year was £3152, being £371 in advance of the total amount received during the pre lious year. KING TSLAND SELECTORS. Consequent upon strong representa tions heing made to me by the selectors on KCing Island, setting forth that they were being munfairly handicapped in com pirison with those on the mainland by reason of the feeact that they had se lected land as first-class at £1 per acre,. which was in reality incapable of sutp porting them, and no better tlmn the bulk of the land selected at 5s.an acre elsewhere, I was induced to visit the island in order to decide for myself as to the merits of thie case placed before me. After carefilly traversing the set tlement, I came to the conclusion that, while a large portion of the land gene rally is light--of a sandy nature-and well suited to pastoral pursuits, the King Iselanders are entitled to apecitl considerktion, iiasmutch as i great deal of .thl lIhnd selected at CI per acre is aiosolutely unfit for cultivation, being really inferior pastoral country. This is accounted for by the fact that al most the whole of the lots held under contract' were taken up prior, to the classification of rural. Crown lands. Much of that selected, partially cleared and sown with -grass, has since grown up with scrub and bracken-fern, and is now practically worthless. Again, King is land is in an isolated situation, and the settlers there are dependent on the pro prietors 'of the s. Yambacoona for their communication with the mainland. This steamer runs somewhat irregularly, as .there is not sufficient traffic to main tain her. in constant use, and she may at any time that opportunity offers he placed in other lines of traae. For these reasons the Goveinment has, after mature consideration, decided to place a bill before Parliament author ising a reclassification of such of the poorer lands as are held on credit, with a view to enabling the selector, who has shown his bona fides byuendeavouring to impirove his holding, to acquire such portion of his selection as the payments, made at the rate of £1I per acre, will cover; provided he pays the cost of survey and grant fee thereon, and en ters into contract to purchase the bal ance of his lot at whatever upset or revaluation may be placed upon it by the Lands Departnment. In these cir cumstances the state will, I consider, be amply protected, and a reasonable mea sure of consideration will be extended to thosed who hrve tried and failed to make a living on the land. .1f such ,assistancce as is now proposed is not given to the selectors, they will be compelled to for felt their homes. TIMBER INDUSTRY. The revenue directly derived from our timber sources is comparatively small, and likely to remain low so long as the present fostering policy of the state con tinues. The royalty licharged on sawn timber is not one-tenth part of that in force elsewhere, being only Od per 1000 feet superficial. The industry is in its infancy, and the royalty has been made low temporarily to assist those who are engaged in working the business up tp more reasonable dimensions. During the year I caused several areas to be set aside at permanent reserves for state " forests (wherever it has been shown, upon enquiry, that the same is justified), making an aggregate area of 117,000 acres. It is not intended to introduce a system of re-afforestation by tree- planting on a large scale, but to protect such areas as are not suited to ordinary settlement, and which will re produce the famous native hardwoods of Tasmania in a comparatively short space of time, and in greater quantity than could ever be hoped for under a system of replanting. Sawmillers have had a fair year, al though the local prices for sawn tim ber do not, it is believed, leave a very large margin of profit to the cutter. The export trade is, however, more promising, and the large orders being received from Great Britain, South africa, India, and other markets are likely to keep the principal sawmills go ing for yearn to come. There is a very satisfadtory aimproveauent in the for eign export timber trade, both in the volume of business and in the exten sion of trade in the opening up of new markets. The value of timber exported for the year 1904, including interchange with the other Commonwealth states, was £78,134. while for the year 1005 it was £90,173. A largely increased amount for the current year is assured, the export for 1905 having already been exceeded by the shipments that have been made to date. The most satisfactory reports con tinue to be received s. too the unquali fled success of the Tasmanian blue-gum piles used in the Admiralty works at Dover. These piles have now been in use between five and six years, and the latest reports to hand show that they have given the utmost satisfaction on account of thVe great durability of the timber, its immunity from the attacks of the "teredo," and its exceptionally high specific gravity. The :.access that has attended the use of this timber in the Dover harbour works is a splendid advertisement for our hardwoods, and has led to a demand for them in other similar works in the United Kingdom, for which orders are now being sup plied. Thiare is also a marked increase in the shipments to the Commnonwealth states, one noticeablle feature being the resuscitation of business with Broken Hill, whence no orders have been receiv ed for several years past. 'l'he chief reason for the absence of orders is, 1 believe, the extra ireight charged from Port Pirie to Broken Hill on the heav} nardwood timber a comlp red with th.at paid on tihelighter Oregon pine The super iority of our hardwood timber, espec ially for mining purposes, in its great strength and durability, must, however, assert itself. ADVERTISING TASMANIA; . Vith a view of making more widely known the resources and advantages of the state, the Lands Department issued, uhider- my instructiocns during the year, an advertising sheet, with map of the island, indicanting clearly the alienated lan$ds, tihe areas of agricultural lands available for selection, lancds held under pastoral lease (which, of course, are also, open for selection), and lands held under minceral lease. A second map lo cates our chief tinmber areas. differenti .cting between the eucalypti, mnyrtle, and pine forests. A great deal of valuable icformation is furnished as tb the cli Instice conditions of the state, with a hlelpful resume of the land laws relating to selection. Our various agricultural in dustries have been brought under no tice in a concise and attractive way. Statistics relative to the mineral wealth .of the state arq an important feature. while useful infornnation, is furnished respecting the educational facilities at the command of thie public. A large number of copies of these advertising sneets larve bee?n distributed throughout the world, and a great deal of encom ium has been bestowed on the produe tion. The value of the work is un deniable as a means of bringing more prominently under notice thle splendid resources of the state, which, so far, as is so well known, are only in the early developmental stages. PUBIdIC WORKS DEPARTMENT. HIonourable members will observe that thie scheme of public works which I am uhnbmitting to-day is considerably more extensive tlian that of last year. In this schdme by far the largest expendi. ture will be found uinder the Iheading of "Roads." A substantial increase in road expenditure over that provided last year is necessary to assist and improve the conditions of those resident in the country. It will be generally admitted that the progress of the country is very largely dependent upon the amount which can be provided for road exten sion and thIe consequent development of selection. I am very glad to be able to say that land development has been so satisfactorv duriun the year that the expenditure whlicli is now proposed -is .fully warranted, not only by the absolu-te necessities of the case, but in view of -the fature development ,which this expenditure will bring about. In any ,road expenditure that is contem plated' by the department, there is a natural anxiety to make, the amount available extend over as long a length as possible, but, unfortunately, the experi ence of past yeors has shown that the result is not alwa)ls satisfactory, espe cially on the Nor-th-\West Coast, and more recently on the road from dcottsdale to Derby. The original construction has beelr sulliicent to provide for the 'traffllic at the time, but the increased settlement ,which this. expenditure 'nas brought. about year after year has rrsulted in a continually increasing traffe far beyond what wvas driginally contemplated, and the limited tmount granted for maintenance, or which could bo appropriated from local sources hna proved insuflicient to main tanl' the road. Subsequently the Govern ment have been, and are now, especially on the last- mentioned road, faced with a very large expenditure, unless the traffic is to be diverted, together with a corre spondingly large loss to the general re venue. Honourable members wvill notice a considerable amount set down for the road, Scottsdale to Derby, on this ne count. In all cases the usual circulars have been forwarded to tho'road trusts for their recommendations, and the sche dule is in the main composed of the most urgent of the works suggested. TIlE £1 FOR £1 PRINCIPLE. A larger amount 'than usual is set down for the item £1 for £1 vote. Honour able -members will, I am sure, agree -that Sthis is, perhaps, the vbte which of all others, can be most'strongly urged, and I am pleased to .be able to Ibear witness to the large amount of self-reliance and self-ihelp which many of the selectors, struggling under the difliculties W-hich at teond new selection, have manifested in undertaking to bear half- cost of the work they require. This local contribution is almost always given in labour, which is acceptable to the deptrtment, and suits the selectors. There are at present a considerable number of applications which -have been held over pending the further provision under this heading, and I can confideintlys state that should the vote be sanctioned a very large amount of assistance will be given in cases,where it is most needed. The itemn for unfore secem works and contingencies, which in eludes road surveys, is somewhat smaller than usual. The Minister is continually faced with a large numiber of applications for works, 'trifling'in extent, but of.the greatest possible moment to 'the indi viduals concerned, which items it has been impossible to make provision for in a special vote, b't vwhich are with ad vantage provided for under the heading now under notice. I feel it only right to say that in allocating the, expenditure under .this vote the greatest possible care is exercised, and it must not be thought that this vote is available for all and every application. It is only for cases of the -most urgent need, and for emergen cies which could not be otherwise pro vided for. ROAD TRUST SUBSIDY. During the last two .years provision has been made on tile estima-tes from 'which assistance was granted to road 'trusts -that levied a rate exceeding is in ,the pound, with a view to compensat ing thernm to some extent for the loss of subsidy, which road trusts have sustained since the end of 'the year 1902. At the -same time, -this limited measure of assis -tance entailed greater local responsibility than under the old system of road sub sidies, and -the principle has been found fairly-suitable in closely settled districts. In other parts of the country, however, where land is not of a .first-class quality, and settlement as a consequence scat tered, and with many miles of roads -to be maintained, the expenditure necessary to effect repairs and generally mainthin such roads is 'beyond the means of the local bodies, and as a result there is a danger of the roads falling into disrepair, and in a short time becoming totally suniit for traffic. To obviate such a contingency the Government has decided to ask Par liamsenl. to approve of a sum of £5000 being provided for distribution amongst bodies, that have levied a shilling rate during the past year, in ,proportion to their rating powers. This 'wvill be approxi mately one-third of the amount originally gran.tcd for subsidies to road trusts. Such Iprovision, though small, will, I am sure, be keenly appreciated -by bodies -who thave the management and control. of roads, and be a -boon to the travelling public. PUBLIC WORKS EXPE1NDITURE. The expenditure under all headings for the year ending 'June 30 last was £112,299 17s. 'llie details of this are as under: £ s.d. Under Public Works Acts . 59,459 7 7 Under Crown Lands Act . 31,501 7 2 Revenue items, such as sa- uintenance of main roads, repairs to build iogs, bridges, .and jet ties ................... 18,164 0 9 Comssonwealth expendi 'ture ...-.........'.... :. . 3,175 1 0 STli Crowis lands expsndit-re 'is slightly les thians that of last year, but still it is very satisfactory to lind that improve ments on inew snelectidns.hae warranted -the expenditure of sutich:a large amount as -£31,000, ind that tihe selection of Crdwn'lands continues to be stelady,whichl is a good indicatlon Of the prospects of the couhitiy. ROADS.' ' The current, umber of road and bridge 'works being carried out -bS the depart mienL lias increased steadily frosn 270 tl'rec years aid, to 525 during 1003-0, at inarked feature being the smaller size of tihe coerltracts, and thenir scattered nature in very distant places. Year by -year, of course, the distuance to be coveredl b, supervision increases, while the reduc tiois in.' stnff have made it more difficult to give all the attention desired and to lafford reasonable promptness in paylme?nt to contractors.. . \- Road Surveys and Trapsfer.-This im portanst branch of thle department, which includes dll surveyss for public purposes, whether for buildings, roads, or railways, has -been satisfactorily carried on luring tche year. '.0henumber-df completed cases, that is, in owhich roads have been acquired either in the way df ldeviations- from ex Sisting lines or where nio right of road existed, was 220, and the number of cases at present before the department is 400\. The difficulty bhat I have nientioned oni pr.vious occasions has.-been felt very -mucih during thie current year-i.e, that roads 'which .Were never reserved osut of the igrants have in some shape or form conime into existence, and thei depaibment has been asked to obtain titles for these roads, vwhich in such cases has been done by! arrangement with the owners, the de partmuent paying cost of survey. The procedure at present is, and for a nunm. bar of years past has been; complete, so that, gradually, this old difficulty will eventually become eliminated. No. roads are constructed at tlhe present time with oul: the Government hlaving a secure title to chemi. Injury to Roads ~tld Bridges.--lTh dalnaige caused tobroads b31 timber-cartin, and overloading is a matter which has os esany occasions been brought under the notice of the department. In some cases road trusts have endeavoured to copl wiht the diflicull.y rby adopting rules nr der ''"Te lroads Act" regulating width of tyres, etc.; but in ve'y many cases tihe injury is practiealll ulhchecked, as this trusts. have met 'with considerable dim. culty in attempting to obtain convictions which has, in somie cases, discouraged themi fi ron taking the necessary action. Weak 'bridges ha.re also been injnred or broken by the rise of heavy traction. engines for haulage purposes, especially in tie northern, southern, and eastern dis. triets, but in all eases of renewals ample strength is bcihng provided to meet such conltingencios. Mlain Roads..-The schedule that will bs submitted to ihonourable menbders has been carefully revised in order to enet tin vorions districts as far as can be done with the r limited amount available, t sn"a say 'that ineo applieations for roads to be placed en thie main road scheduo ore niulerous, and are noro thlla could be entertained unless a very much larger amount could be appropriated ttinha our present financial circumstances allow. The uniform principle is continued tha t here 'trust rate at less than Is they shall con. tribute towards tthe 'nliin road, as provide ed on the schedule. I think it probablo that in. the near futero it may be necessary for tioe Coin. mssitoner to take over the maintenance of some main roads, and expend the Go vernment grants : where nnsatisfoetory work is done by thie local bodies con cerned. Thie necessary powers are pro. vided, in the annual Maintenance Act, though up totheo present it has not been found necessary, to exercise same, ex. cept in. one or two inssandes. TRACKS. TIm total expenditure incurred under, this iheading was £2155. The Great lienty River las been cleared of stnags and tinber for some miles at small ex. pense, thus formintg a good and easy means of access for the prospectors working in that direction. LAŽND-DRAINLNG UNDER "THIS CROWN LANDS ACT.', A large amount of work has been coin. pleted io cutting leading drains for the relief of the selectionts upon what is known as the Blaekwood or MIowbroay Swamp, near Smithtont on the North. West Coast. Ans expenditure of abonut £2500 has been indurred ins cuttitng about 15 mniles of drains. The money has been apportioned as nearly as circuim stances would permit equitably to the contributing selections, and the material excavated on some of the lines hias at tile same time enabled the formation of roads to' be done in connestion wtih "corduroy" covering that will serve the light dairy traffic anticipated. The want of available funds, however, has pre vented- the tnecessary drainage along the Stoney Creek branch (for' which somne £250 will be required) from' being fin ished. Tie 'completioi. of this work will greatly assist the preservation of tihe main road in tihe vicinity. Tite only other place where as yet the provisions of the act in the above respect have been given effect to is in. a small group ol selections on the eastern side of Duck River, near Smithton. 100.-0i.:-REPAIRS TO BRIDGES AND JETTIES. 'A large number of repairs to bridges have been carried out during the year, under overseers. Thle rule adopted by tihe department is for. the "larger. and imore important repairs to be carried out against the repair vote, while small works, such as replacing a few planks or making temporary provision for trallic, pending the larger repairs to be carried out by the department, are left to tis road trusts. In some cases the road trusts have' contributed towards thie re pirs, where tihe total cost was beyond their menes. Tle'expenditure under this heading aggregated £1935. A large amount of workihas been car hied out against the item for renewals, t?he prin cipal items of which are shown ierender,tte the expediture for the year totalling £137l0 is lid. The northern items were:-Three flood bridges, Fingal, £s8 '12s; bridge, Ritehardson's Creek, fangnna, £51 5s; Button Creek Bridge, £64 15i lid: Blytel Bridge, on main road, £'52 17 8d; bridges, Scamaader ho St. T(elen's, £22r 1i s Sd; Supply River Bridge, £01; Dawkins' Bridge, lBesnla-road, ;'48; bridge, main road, Lilvdnle. south pf state school, £30 10; Perkins' Bridge. Scottsdale-road, £34 1.s 8d. The proviision made last year for the renewals of bridges will also serve re quirementu s for some time, but further votes will be necessary as other and inm porttant bridges get near the limnit of life. Every crasis taken by exhanustive exaaiinataion that cite expenditure it de fecrred as long as is reasonably practic alnie. For itistance, a recent examination of tine Sorell Cansnveway, wbislh hls been in existence shout 40 veers. resealedi a serionts conditioti of affairs, 'nlsicl neces simnted thie iimnnediate renewal of a sisori uchotson of tine etinucture. All cases of a similar description will receive the prompt attention of tine department. BUILDINGS. Thle largest work that is in progress is nit the HTospital for Itseane, New sNorfolk, 'tbere it ]ins bieei' found necessary to complete the whinole of thi female divi sion block by .the erection of 23 addli tional rooms. A contract for this isin pon'ess, and also for additions to beiler otid engine house, to supply steatt foe tise lanndry'i and electric light and for the stemts cookilsg plant in tse new cen tral ksitcheln. A contract has been let for a new boiles-, ard additional machiia er; iss also beets ordered from England tlsrougbi tise Aenct-General., This part of thse.Asylum, when this contracts lioas beets completed. will be in a Isigl stale of eicienv; thie cooking, washing, anti lighiting '"'ill be most economical ani ample, and thrce nill be a great savine in labour aid tite. Tule extensive alterations at tine Par hianmentersy buildings may also bie rc ferredi to. I think I am justified in sa'Y ing that tlsese Iayve resulted itt atttcta gleater convenience and nccommontlOion to bonourable members than hiavt ineen slfolr'ed jn tihe past. "Minor eontracts have inscltdend alterations at thie TiX'5e Office and State Savings Bank, winerd the old Post Olice ha1s been adapted to dieparthmnt.itl tc-lentrements; alteration' at Tecslnical School. Holnort, for troiting college; aisoat Neew Towts Chavitale h'stitusion; and a large numlter of coi tracts for repairs and alterations to state schools and residences, police buildings, etc., throughout the counltry, bwhich it is not necessary to detail. New schools have been erected at Barrington, 'Nugent, Lighthouse-road (near Table Cape), and Dairy Plains. A very large amnlount of work has also been carried ,,ut for the Conmmonwealth, no less than 170 items having been attended to for the Department of IHonme Affairs. These are principally alterations to post of dices, drill halls. gun sheds, etc. I)ENISON CANAL. This work was formally opened by His Excellency the Governor on October 13, 1905. An agreement has been made awith the marifne board to take over the !work fo:r twelve months, provision being made for employment of signalman, erec tion of signals, and cottage for signal.. man, and removal of silt washed out )f the ?anal by the strong title into the canal approaches. These works are be ing carried out by the marine board for lihe Government. Tile scale of charges agreed upon is as follows, viz:-Whlen the bridge is required to be opened: 3d *per registered ton for each steamer, and 2d per registered ton for each sailing vessel passing through the danal, with a minimnum 'charge of 2s Od.. When the bridge is not required to .ho opened: is for each vessel or boat whlich passes through. All moneys received for tolls will be credited to the Government against: expenses of maintaining the ranal *by the board for the period above referred to. The following is a return of vessels which passed through Denison Canal during the year 1905. The figures do not include " return trips:-Barges, 1S1; steamers, 47; fishing .boats, 234; steam launches, 4; total, 400. DAMAGE BY FIRES. The devastating bush-fires caused a large amount of damage to roads and bridges, which it was quite beyond the ,power of local bodies to contend with; this was especially the case in the North- Western districts. An expendi ture whichi will amount .to abouat £700 is being incurred by tihe Government ill restoring communecation or renewing bridges that have been destroyed, anr the present schedule of public works contains an amount to meet the cost of same. Undoubtedly in some cases tihe bridges have been injured or des troyed solely through the neglect of the local authorities in allowing scrub to grow and accumulate round the bridges. To contend with this I issued a general circular requiring road trusts to cut scrub and remove debris in close prox. 'imity to bridges under their care. DAMAGE BY FLOODS. The flood damage which occurred dur ing the months of May, June, and July, was very-severe, as a number of bridges w?ere washed away which it was im peratively necessary to replace. This was especially the case in .the North Eastern district, where a number of bridges were carried away, stopping temporarily very important traffic, and the provisioning in other cases of a num ber of miners. No effort was spared in prompt temporary restoration of traffle at the numerous points requiring such assistance. One cause of much of the loss is undoubtedly the wholesale 'ldamage done to the channel of the lr.igarooma River by its becoming blocked with the enormous quantities of silt sluiced out of the mines, the flood-area of the bridges being filled. .The first flood brought with it great quantities of timber, wldhich soon carried away the bridges 'so choked. The bridge at Branxholm township is of only a temporary character, and it has been decided that the new permanent bridge shall cross the river in one span on ac count' of the contracted channel and tihe timber washed down by flood. " The expenditure incurred under this heading is £705, but .the total when the works authorised are completed will be "£2000, and provision for this is made in the British works schedule. Some of thIe principal bridges which have been destroyed and are being replaced are as f'ollow:w-Branxholm Bridge, Moorina Bridge, Garibaldi Bridge, Ogilvie Bridge, B ell's Bridge, Gladstone, Brid River Bridge, Bridport, King River Bridge, and also landslips .on Constitution Hill, Doak's Road, Ulverstone, Burnie-road, and other minor roads and bridges. MAINTENANCE BY .LOCAL BODIES. This has in most cases been satisfac tory, and honourable members will agree that the road trusts generally are deserving of credit for the way in which, in spite of the want of a subsidy, they endeavour to do all that is locally pos sible' towards the requirements of the inhabitants fIn most cases, the maxi ainuu rate of is 'has been levied- and some road trusts 'have rated as 'high as il 3d, so that they might receive the small allowance which; the extra 3d "rwould entitle therm to. The principle that has been adopted during several years past, that local bodies levying less than Is shall contribute towards 'ithe amount voted, has had a good el -feet. Some of the road trusts 'which last year did not rate at Is, are now doing so in order that they may have 'the full advantage instead of a condi tional vote. As previously intimated, it as now proposed to afford assistance te road trusts in the shape of a subsidy in rroportion to their rating powers. RAIWAVYS. ThIe gross receipts for t 'e financial year 1905-0 amounted to £241,188 s19 10d, as compared with £243,550 2s 2d for the previous year, reinig a decrease af £2308 Os 4d. Thie working expenses were £172,000 14s 2d, an increase o: '£970 Os Id on the expenditure incurred in 1904-5. The profit on working was '£68,587 7s 8d, being 1.74 per cent. of the capital cost, as compared with 1.83 per cent. in 1904-5. The percentage of working expenses to revenue was 71.56, as against 70.40 for the previous year. lthere was an increase in passengers, hparcels, etc.. and miscellaneous receipts of £3527 12s 2d, whilst there was a falling- off in revenue from goods and 'ilerals of £4804 7a Id, and £1091 5s Id from live stock traffic. As compared with the receipts for the year..1904.5 the Oatlands line shows an 'Lncrcease of £10 120 Od; Scottsdale line, £:873 13s 1Od; Strahan-Zeehan line, £4310 O10s Sd; and Comstock Tramway, £230 13s 4d; whilst-the Main line shows a falling-off in receipts of £1923 17s 'Od; Derwent Valley line, £822 10s Id; L'psley line, £65 10s Sd; Finugal line, .1455 18s Sd; Western line, £850 12s .Ia;. Ohudleigh line, £25 15s 7d; Sorell line,' £98 O19s 3d; and North-East Dun. ais Tramway, £2550 Os Od. It is satis factory to note that there was a sub stantial increase in passenger traffic. '.lhe number of passenger journeys was 600,519, as compared with 823,911 during '1904-5, an increase of 30,608, Tihe goods and mineral tonnage carried on linies other than thie West Coast, com lared with the previous year, shows, I regret to say a falling-off of no less than 31.213 tons. This is entirely due to the poor agricultural and. fruit crops and reLduceid output (5023 tons) from tile Cornwall Coal Mine. The tonlmage car ried to Devonport and Burnie was IS,000 tons, to Launceston 2586 tons, •ute to Hobart 10,935 tons, less than in ine previous year. On'the'West Coast lines Sam pleased to state 53,6000 more tons <C goods an- minerals were carried than in the prevsious year. It is much to be 'regretted, however, that thie Hercules \line, which ceased woring in February, 1905, is still closed down, and owing to this there is a decrease of 8008 tons on tihe North-East Dundas Tramway. Thie working expeneses were, as previ Ously stated, £970 6s ld more than in '.004-5 This is due to heavy renewals . I repairs to carriage and wagon roll. Hlg-tecc!, .woark in connection with the -eviatlo' at Britfgewateg Bridge, cosr of printing and distributing the poster setting forth the attractions of Tasmania as a tourist resort, and expen'dit'ure on the ýtra~anZeselhan lino in sonnection with increased traffic. Another of the periodical floods occurred at St. Leon ards i's June, and interrupted traflic for a few days. It is not proposed at t'ihe presert time to consider raising ;hce line at thi;s part, since the cost 'would be con siderable, and the trouble is not likely to 'be of frequent occurrence; the last in. terrurtion of traffic having happened as far 'back as 1896. 'MOTOR COACI-TES. The increased suburban train service between Hobart and Glenorelht, Mvlhieh was ,brought into opera'tion'last October, has been fairly successful, :and will be continued. Upwards of 19,000 passenger journeys 'are mdde monthly, ,by these trains. and tile traille is increasing. New cars to be used on this section are under construction, but the traffic is being han died very well indeed at the present time with the available stock. We hear a good deal about mnotor-car service in the Old World, but 'there is a tendency on snuny of the 'English railways ?o rescue obsolete types of engines from the scrap. heap, and use them to' draw trains of two or three ears, in prefoereice 'to the motor service. 'When the importation of motor cars was first mooted 'here, it was con sidered' by the General Manager tha.t the results were not likely to be better than obtained by the use of small tank. engines and a few carriages, such as have been running -sn the Hobart suburban service for many years past. The latest reports fromn England thoroughly justify this opinion. The small tank-engines now runnning on the suburban service and on the Sorell line cost about £2000 each sonic 20 years ago, and are still doing good work. It' is difficult at the present time to maintain a satisfactory suburban service on a single line, and in the near futiur consideration maust be given to a double line as far as Glenorcliy and on the It+wick railway. This, 'however,.is a matter swhich ean well wait a few 'years, and it meay probably be necessary 'to deal fir-t .witsh 'the relaying of the Hobart yard, which is yrear by year becoming more dilfmcult to work satisfactorily. RAILWAY IMPROVEMENTS. In view of the early completion of the abattoirs at Derwent Park, it is necessary to acquire land in order 'to enlarge .the staticn-yard and put in sidings. Im provements are also being carried out at Mool:ha, ,where on account' of the little space between 'the railway fences it is difficult to deal iwith the increasing 'traffic. At Glenorehy, Berriedale, and Claremont, new sidings for platforms for passengers are also being provided. 'The life of the railway-bridge at Bridge. wate' having become nearly exhausted, the diversion of the railway across the road-bridge is being carried out. The earthworks are done, and ballast and timber for close-planking the 'bridge for loint occupation for road and rail traffic havce been provided. Additional sidings will Ibe constructed at South Bridgeivater, which for traflie work 'will practically be. comne the junction station of the Derwent Valley and Main lines., This will greatly facilitate the passage of trains and prevent the tedious delays to trains run between the ,'lain and Derwent Valley lines, which are sr often complained of, but which have been hitlherto unavoidable. The Bridgewater Junction station was never suitable for a junction, and 'as always been 'worked under the greatest difficulty. Tihe haulage of traffic between Ulver. stone psnd Devonport has always been costly on account of the intervening Don Hill. A careful survey, which follows a preliminary examination made by the Chief Engineer for Existing Lines, is now in hand, witbh a view to diverting the line. Should the estimate of cost warrant. the diveision being made, the gradienits will be greatly reduced at this part, and con siderable economy will result in working the Western line in busy seasons. A start has 'been made .to replace the old Main Line Company's carriages, now runniing on the Straihan-Zeelhan line, by building new stock. With this view, plans are in hand for two new vehicles, whichl swill each accommodate 10 first. class and 40 second-class passengers. There 'will also be a guard's compartment with.'the usual van accommodation, and the nesw vehicles will each replace one of 'the four-wheel vans and two of the four wheel carriages now "being used.' The cars will be furnished ill every way equal to the Main line express stock, and will, no doubt, ibe greatly appreciated. The !present stock on the StrahlanZeelan. line is perfectly safe for trallie, and to take it out of working and replace it at a rap:d rate would enornmously increase the cost of :working. It will therefore be gra dually replaced as 'pportunity oilers, with the least possible cost to -the depart. ment, The Government is submitting to Par lian:ent a proposal to construct a branch line of railway to the Mowbray race. course, a distance of about 43 chains. The land required for the line hbas been offered 'to the Government free of cost. A .2 . . -' . .L . . . . . . . slr\'v'e "alnd estimate of the proposed line have been prepared, so that work can he comencnoed almoost immlulia.tely Pa?lia mentary aundtion to the Solaemc has beon accorded. It is estimated bhat the line will show a pro'fit on Working equal to nearly 17 per cent. on the clpital cost. llonourable members will note with pleasure that it is the intention of thle Government to further extend the sy.s of electric lighlt now in use in some of our railway carriages. T'he amount which has been placed oni the public works schedule is but an instalment of the sum required; and it is proposed to submit further votes annually, until the whole of our railway carriage stock shall have been fitted up w1ith electric light. CONOIOUSION. in concluding this lengthy -review of the past ~sear's work, I mnst thank h0on ourablu mnlnoers for the forbearance and patience which they have exhibited. I am not snllihicintly, egotistical 'to imagine 'that my administlation 'has been entirely free .from errors of judgment, ,yet, on the whole, I feel that the working of the several desfartments 'hat proceeded smoothly and satisfactorily. For this state of things 'I am in :.; large measure indebted to the 'heads of isy departments, whose courtesyl and loyalty on all occa sions have made my duties a pleasure rather 'than a labour. To members of 'the several staffs I wish also to express my appreeiation of the zeal and ability displayed in the performance of their work. I now move, sir, that you do leave the chair, and the House resolve itself into a committee of supply. 