BUSH FIRES. HAVOC IN GIPPSLAND. TOWNS IN DANGER. SAVED BY A CHANGE OF WIND, Melbourne, January 31. j Ä strong north wind sprang up this morn- ing, renewing the fears of a further out- break of bush fires. In the city the temperature rapidly rose until it reached 106 deg., but a sudden cool change from the south set in about 2.30 p.m. Foster in Danger. To-day the township 0f Foster, in South Gippsland, was again threatened with de- struction by bush fires. This afternoon Councillor Clemens, president of the shire, sent a telegram to the Government ask- ing for assistance. The telegram was as follows:-"Fires near township and all through hill country. Assistance from Melbourne fire station would be valuable m saving life and property should town catch fire. Creek through town. Fire fugine necessary. Heavy north wind blow- ing. ' Mr. Murray, Minister of Lands, arranged to send up by the evening's train a fire engine and six men. Telegraph Line Burned. Telegraphic communication with Foster has been interrupted. Over a mile of line has been destroyed by fire. About mid- night tue Telegraph Department managed to establish communication with Foster, and news came through that the town, like several others in Gippsland, had been saved by a fortunate change in the wind. All the country out back appears to be burn- ing fiercely. The town is enveloped in smoke, but there is no immediate danger. Neerim South Threatened. A strong north wind brought the bush fire back close to Neerim South, and the township was threatened. All business wis «impended, and the re-ñclents turned out lo fight the flames. After a struggle last- ing all day they have saved their homes for the present. The streets were lined with furniture and bedding, removed in an- ticipation of the houses burning. The Commercial Bank wa« for a time in great dangeF. Fowler's Hotel had two rooms gutted. The water ran short, and the lighters had a trying time. The danger is not yet passed. Destruction at Mirboo North. Reports from Mirboo North state that a bush fire there to-day caused great destruc- tion. Three men at a saw mill had a nar- row escape. William Hadley, John Hughen, and James McGann were en- gaged on a tram fine beating out the fire. Hughen was some distance away,from his mates, when he saw a fresh outbreak malt- ing rapidly to where the other two wete working. . He shouted a warning to them, and the three found themselves encircleJ by the fire. After great exertions they managed to beat a way out. A mile cf the tram line was burned. The township has been in danger all day. A light shower of rain during the afternoon was of great assistance in checking the fire. All the tanks in the town are empty. Talbot Saved. A fire at Talbot extended across country for ten miles. Several houses in the town- ship of Dunach were destroyed, but the fire was eventually suppressed. The town1 was in danger all day, but a change of wind towards evening saved it. Overpowered by Smoke. News has reached Morewell that a fire has swept Jerralinjr, burning the homestead of Mr. William Tullock. Mr. Tullock went out to note the direction of the fire, and it is surmised that he became blinded and was overpowered by the smoke. HÍB body was recovered, badly burned. A Miraculous Escape. Fires are also raging round Boolarra. A man named Fagan was riding along >the road when a branch^from a burning tree fell, killing' his horse¡". Fagan was not even injured, and had a .miraculous escape. Farm Buildingi» Destroyed. At Lancefield fires to-day destroyed a number of farm building-*, including Mr. H. Armstrong's homestead. rioughing Firebreaks. The Rochford township was in danger, but a change of wind saved it. The fire swept through several crops, a field of stooked barley being destroyed. Great ef- fort* were made to save Mrs. Robbos stacks. Neighboring farmers hurried their teams un and hastily ploughed fire-breaks. Their efforts were successful. Grass Fires Near Ballarat. . Grass fires are raging round Ballarat in the direction of Buninyong. Imprisoned for Lighting Fires. . At Maryborough to-day a young man, Sylvester Williams, was sentenced to two months' imprisonment with haid labor for lighting fires. He pleaded that he was drunk and had thrown down on the grass several lighted matches while trying to light a cigarette. FIVE HUNDRED SHEEP BURNED ALIVE. ' Constable Brand, of Rokewood (Vic lorin), reporting lo Superintendent, Irvine, of Ballarat, in reference to the recent grass fires in his district, states that a pitiful «¡ghi was presented in one paddock, where 500 sheep had been confined. There was no escape for the poor beasts, and nearly all them were roasted alive. After the fire had swept by some of the sheep survived in terrible agony. The little wool left on their backs by the shearers had entirely disap- peared, and nothing remained, of their horns but charred stumps. _ Their ears had been burned off, and their eyeballs had burst from the terrible scorching to which they had been subjected. No time was lost in putting the maimed animals out of their misery. RELIEF FUNDS. Kalgoorlie, January 31. A movement has been started at Kal- goorlie, Boulder, and other goldfield centres to raise funds for the relief of sufferers by the Victorian bush fires. FIRE IN NEW SOUTH WALES. A RABBITER UPSETS A LAMP. Sydney, January 31. A bush fire broke out, yesterday morning on the Gillenbah station, Narrandera, and binned fiercely all day andnight. The out bi wik was caused by a rabbiter upsetting a kerosine lamp. The Windella and Gillen- bah stations are the biggest losers. Several small holders have also been burned out. BUILDINGS BURNED IN TASMANIA. GREAT DISASTER. Hobart, January 31. Disaqlrous fires are raging all over the ooiiiitry, doing au immense amount of (luuingc The State school, the Church of F.rigl.uid, and other buildings have been destroyed at Woodbridge, and the people luivo had lo camp on the banks of the river, narrowly escaping from the flames. The eily council arc sending men out to pre- vent the fire from spreading to the hotel, the church, and other buildings at Fern Tree. 