Notes and News. In connection with the Gympie Choral Uuion's Concert, which is to lie given in the Oddfellows' Mall, Red Hill, to-night, ?we have been asked to mention that prior to the first item the Model Band will play in front ,of the hall, some choice selections of music. The programme of the concert was published in our last is sue, and warrants the prediction that a most cnjoyablQ musical treat is in store for patrons. .' The Ncusa outrage, according to pre sent appearances, promises to c'staWish a record as a long drawn out prelimin ary enquiry. On Tuesday last, the de fendant, James Veteran Stccle, was once more hrought up on remand charged with the attempted murder M Percy 'G. Wal ler on... ?February.' 2Sth last and Senior-' Sergeant O'SulIivan asked for an ad journment. Mr. Sykes, who appeared1 for the- accused, objected on- the ground that the Police \should . give their reasons for the adjournment. The P.M. took -a note of ihe '.objection, but said as the case was a. serious one be would grant the request anU ? accordingly- a-fl- journod the further bearing until Friday, April 20. Hitherto the case has had to be postponed .from time, to time by the Magistrate who had . other work to do and much against the desire of the Pol ice, but on this occasion we understand the postponement was asked lor on ac count of Constable, Newman being called a^vay to .Brisbane. The G.A.M. and P. Society held a Com mittee meeting on Tuesday night in the office of the Secretary (Mr. F. Vauglun). Mr. R. II. Cox presided, ami the .lalincc of the sections of the prize schedule were revised and the. Printing Committee were instructed to get prize schedule, printed as soon as possible. The Stewards for the coming exhibition were appointed. It was also decided to offer a prize of £15, lo be divided ' into first, second. a;vl third, in the cattle section, for the c-»v pro ducing the most butter fat in 24 »..'irs. This is a new departure for ? '?}? ii;-ie and one that should commend itself lo rirnry fanners all over the district. A well-attended meeting of members of the Gympie Poultry Club was held in Mr. Fred. Yaughan's office last night, Mr. Geary presiding. It was resolved that llifc date for holding- the annual show be fixed for 14th June- next. It was also resolved that the first mem bers' competition be held on 20lh April.' Classes Black and Buff prpiilgtons. The weekly sitting of the Petty Debts Court was held yesterday morning before Mr. A. C. Hald.ine, P.M., but no vei'dicls were recorded, all the cases being ad journed or withdrawn. The weekly sitting of the Warden's Court was .held yesterday before Mr. (Vardcn HaManc, when applications for U-jmers' Homesteads were dealt with as follows :— Margaret. J. Ormcs, B acres, Joolharalia road ; adjourned for one ivcek. .. Margaret M. C. Cullinanc, 1 rood, Cabvlonial Hill ; adjourned for one ivcck. J. R. Ortt, 40 acres, west of Fat Hen Creek, Kilkivan ; rejeck-d. An analysis of receipts and expendi ture in connection with thc.Gympic Hos pital,' for the year, ending December 31, 1905, shows that the total cost of the upkeep of the. institution was £lfiflfl 11s Sd. Provisions £543 2s 7d, meat £170 5s 5d, groceries £153 -11s 3d, and milk £92 5s 3d were the chief items. The sur ;ery anil, dispensary accounted for £101 Fs 3d, drugs, chemicals, etc., costing £43 18s Id, and instruments and appliances £20 ISs 3d. Under the heading domestic .vhich includes water rates, furniture, iwlding, fuel and lighting, uniforms, etc., rtic sum expended was £190 18s Cd, the uel and lighting accounting for £92 3s }f this amount. Establishment, charges ire defined as rates and taxes £29 Cs 4-1, insurance £22 0s Gd, repairs £5 11s 9d, ami garden £11 18s Gd, total £G8 17s Id. Under the heading of salaries the amount expended. was £732 10s 9d, Which consisted of medical £300, nursing £202 7s 3d, and other wages £230 3s 0.1. Mis cellaneous expenses ran to £B2 Ins Id, the largest item being £39 18s 8d for printing, stationery, postage, and adver tisements. Added to the total cost of upkeep there is the. salary of the secre tary, commission and auditors' fees £91 14s: fid making a grand total of £1791 5s 9d As pointed out by the Treasurer, the receipts for the year ..amounted to £154S ISs 6iV, showing a deficiency of £242 7s 3d. The third concert of the Gympie Phil harmonic Society took place at the Theatre Royal last night. There was a large audience present, and the pro gramme submitted was thoroughly m keeping with the Society's past reputa tion The manner in which the various contest pieces were interpreted made it evident that the Gympie Philharmonic will be well able to uphold the honour of the city at Ita forthcoming Eisteddfod. We gatiher from the ''Queensland Times' that there was a fear at one time that the Cambrian Choir of Black stone and Ipswich, would be unable, for financial reasons, lo undertake the trip lo Bumlabcrg to compete at the Eis tcSdfod, but the Hon. L. Thomas, M.L.C., on hearing of the difficulty over came it with characteristic generosity by donating £25 to the Choir funds. At St. Peter's Church there will be services practically all day long on Good Friday. At 8 p.m. there will be a spec ial service in the Theatre Royal. It will consist of an address upon- the events of Good Friday, illustrated by lantern slides. There will, of course, be no charge for admission, but a collection will be taken at the door after the ser vice to defray any expenses incurred. On Easter Day ' there will he three cele brations of Holy Communion, the ordin ary morning and evening prayer at 11 and 7.3ft, and a special service at 3 p.m. in connection with the Ministering Children's League. The City Band will play a programme of -popular music to- night on the vacant allotment opposite the Post Office, com mencing at half- past seven. A collection will be taken up in aid of the contest fund. 'A new departure in the form of a Social will be made to-iright in connec tion with the Tent Miss-ion.. For ?- the last two years Mr. Sloan has carried his tent with him into the back blocks and cities of. Queensland, but, unfortunately, the life of a working tent is very brief, and it is the intention of the local Mis sion Committee to give the proceeds of the social for the purpose of providing the Evangelist with a rtew Tabernacle. Mr. Sloan leaves for his home in Bris-' bane Friday morning: - The usual meeting of the Ladies' Bene volent Society was held on Tuesday, when there were presents Mcsdames Shepherd (presiding), .Scougall, Stitt, Daniell, Currie, Baty, Smith., Shanks, and Windsor, Dorcas— Mrs: Shepherd re ported having received parcels of cloth ing from Mcsdamcs J. Moore (Travcs ton), Green, Mackay, Miss Smith, ami one -from a friend, also 'relieving threo cases of distress. The accounts for the month, amounting to £33 18s. ' 0d.r were passed for payment. The amount involved by the recent de cision of the Privy Council dismissing the appeal of tho Colonial Sugar Refining Company from the judgment' of- .-the Queensland Full Court was- £83,000, Vic toria's share being- £G2,000 and Queens land's £20,000. Sir Geoffep Turner when Treasurer advanced Victoria £50,000, so that there is now only a balance i ol £12 000 to be paid over to that btate, but nothing was paid-to Queensland. The Queensland Department ? oi Agri culture has received a report from the James Miller Company, of Melbourne, stating that the employees have given, a favourable report on the half-ton of Sisal fibre sent down. The firm ex presses a hope of having an opportunity of buying further parcels of. equal quality in the near future. The price is said to have been satisfactory. The Treasurer of the Hospital (Mr. T. II. Sym) desires us to state that he has received over £4 in donations from the Chinese residents oi the field, in addition to the amounts already advertised as having- been donated by. them. .. A* the Police Court on Tuesday, be fore Mr. A. C. Hahlane, P;M., Charles Wright pleaded guilty to a charge of be ing drunk in Maty-s.trectand!iWas fined 5/- or 24 hours. ' On,, a charge of obscene language ? the same defendant pleaded guilty and «wds fined £2 or one month. The Maryborough: Co- operative butter factory last . month ?distributed £4223 amongst the cream suppliers.. The com pany has. now got 1095: boxes of' butter iu Brisbane , awaiting shipment to Lon don. The Warwick Go-operative Butter and Dairying Co. paid away £4523 in March for cream. The Peak Down Butter Factory, costing. £3000, was started' yes terday at Capella. .Mr. j. Vf. Black, of Sytilney, is to be manager. ? ; ? ^Burns, Philp, anil Co. have received news 'from New Guinea- that their steam-; cr Moresby was seven' days behind ibe: schedule date at Samarai.; The' steamer} Titus, which is leaving Sydney on' Sat urday next, is 'being diverted fronf her course, and will s-.iil. direct, for Gavutu, in the Solomons, to ascertain- the cause of the Moresby's dc'ay. Tho Ldngrcach correspondent of ,the 'North Queensland Register' writes.:— ''The sandflics have played havoc with the kangaroos, which are lying dead in all directions. A selector from ? out Corona way informed me that though he had ridden over miles of country lie 'had- not scon ' onc» live kangaroo, but .had noticed scoresof dead^.oncs.' A similar report nlso comes from ' Winton. ?Two Rivcrina lads arc credited with' having ? ridden 93 miles - in a single day. One of the ha«.Iy young. Australians (Anderson by name) put up a record' last year of 23'i hours in the saddle without a rest, carrying messages, water, and tucker to men engaged in . fighting bush fires. - . At the Water Police Court, Sydney, on Monday, Mattba Alberry, a nurse,' was proceeded against on an information alleging that slic falsely pretended to Eliz-bctli Lamoml that she belonged to the Australian Trained Nurses' Associa tion, and 'that by being trained at her lyfngHn-hospital at Railway-parade, Ko garah, ,shc would guarantee the usual certificate of midwifery, by means of which false pretence, she obtained £10 with intent to defraud. Defendant, who pleaded not guilty, was fined £20, with £3 13s. costs, in default four months' imprisonment: Time to pay was al-, lowed. The folly of trusting a stranger with money has .been pointedly illustrated to a lady residing in Moncur-strcel,' wooi lahra, Sydney. A man who was selling coal called on hpr, ' anil she agreed to purchase a shilling's worth. She tender ed him a sovereign, but he. had no change and drove away, to, get it. He did not even wait to put the coal. in the yard. This was on Saturday morning, and up to Monday afternoon he had not return ed with, the change, nor the coal, but the police have beard all about it; ami are looking for him. ' While the pipe-fitting gang were en gaged in setting pipes iu connection with fire fighting work, in the Proprietary Mine, Broken Hill, on Monday, a sudden outburst of gas prostrated a number ? of the men who had to be assisted to the surface where doctors were in attendance. When the msn reached the surface, it was found that John Farqulwr, aged 52, mar ried, was dead, probably suffocated. An other man, J^rank Swainstob, aged 28, was missing, but later on his hotly was found. He, too succumbed to the gas. A lad named Tonkin was so seriously af fected that his recovery is doulitful. - Mrs. Lane has been accidentally,,., shot by her son at Wee Waa, New South Wales. The lad had been out shooting with a pea. rifle, and on his return he called his mother to look at 'the spoil lie had brought home. He then raised the, rifle to, shoot at .a .tree, and she caught hold of the barrel; and tho bullet7 entered her side, penetrating the left lung. Mrs. -Lane's 'condition was very serious at the latest account. In tli« course of the examination of Mr-. M'Laughlin, the Commonwealth Pub lic Service Commissioner, in the Hart case on Friday (says the 'Observer'), some question arose as to the education al requirements for admission to the public service.. Mr. Justice Real's view was that the . whole basis of the thing was absurd. 'You require every one to pass an examination equivalent to the matriculation examination, and if a man passes the matriculation examination; and goes on till lie gets his B.A. degree, and then desires to get admission to the, public service, you make him pass the matriculation examination again.' 'Yes,' rcp'icd Mr. M'Laughlin, 'because a B.A. is not necessarily equipped for the -service. Some B.A.'s for example, write badly, spell badly, and would be absolutely useless as clerks.' His Hon our remarked that there were such great men as Pitt and the Duke of Wellington who had a profound contempt for- spell ing. 'Yes,' said Mr. Macgrcgor, 'so' had the late Mr. Justice Harding.' Mr. Justice Real : 'Mr. Justice Harding had a theory that no man who had not a musical car could spell.' (Laughter.) Mr. G. H. Reid, speaking at DuWbo this week said that no man more warmly favored the white Australia policy than he. He did not mind what- they lost at the beginnjng ; they should stand shoul der to shoulder to preserve the white British race on this continent. A Parisian way to boil an egg is to place a serviette ring in a saucepan part ly full of hot water, and set the egg small end in the ring. Then punch a hole in the top of the egg, and let the water boil around it. The. gas in the egg escapesv while the egg is '. cooking, which makes it much better in flavour. . When a man marries property he should be tactful. In a' certain southern dis trict a penniless youth was adopted and eventually became the husband of a well to-3o lady, who owned a farm, ami she was somewhat, hurt, when after the first few weeks he spoke of 'my horses,' 'my cart,', and so on. 'Really, John,' she said, 'considering all things, ' I think ycjji might say 'our cows.' ' He .took the rebuke- to heart, and a little .later on the couple were going, to an evening at a friend's house. The wife was ready first, and after waiting for a time calltxl out, 'What's keeping you, John ?' -'My' dear,' the brute- replied, 'I can't Trad our trousers !' ? ' Tne election of Mr. Joseph Patrick Nannctti, the only Labor 'M.P.' in' the Nationalist Partyi as Lord Mayor of Dublin at a salary of neatly £4000 a year, furnishes the first instance of a working ; printer attaining such a high municipal dignity. His lordship is' fore man printer of Dublin 'Evening' Tele graph.' When the House is 'up' for holiday, long: or short, Mr. Nannctti, by agreement with his employers, hastens back to Dublin, puts on his whitii- apron, and directs the daily work of the com posing-room, .A man of middle age, he is the son- of' an Italian father and an Irish mother. The former was a sculp tor and modeller of great skill and taste. The workman Lord Mayor is noted for his candour ami good humour, and the accent of Erin is very- marked in his speech. Though he is fond of con ducting visitors round .St. Stephen's he does not like the Parliamentary life over much.' ''It is' a humdrum, horrible life,' he. once toW a friend,''and I would rather be giving out copy.'! ? The Canadian Boom— It is estimated that the issue of boiids by Canada last, year,, mainly ^railroad and corporation honds, amounted to £27,310,000, of which £17,339,000 were placed in Eng land. No wonder the country booms, and immigration goes on apace. Such borrowing is too fast and furious to last. ' '''Speech-making,' says Michael Da-vitt, ''converts nobody nowadays, either in Parliament or on the platform.' Big Station Purchase.— The purchase of Wrolham Park station by Mr. C. -M. Curr, of Abington Downs, through the agency of Mr-. F. A. Brodie in conjunc tion with Morchcads, Limited, is now practically an accomplished- fact (reports the Croydon 'Mining Rcgiste'r.') The sale is a walk-iri-walk-out one, and will be completed immediately Mr. Curr in spects. The station is described as one - of the finest in the North, having ' a; frontage .of 50 miles to the Walsh River and 25 miles to the Mitchell, a perennial stream. In all respects the country' is' first-class ; and the price is satisfactory; - something like £25,000. : Worked in. con junction with : Ahington Downs j ? the; 'pro- perty should prove handsomely rcmuncr-' ative to the new owner. ».--?}???'-? . : ? ? Day Labour. :-.v... - .Contracts AVestordaiy.'.sf '?'Daily Mail' says that some '?' rather in | to resting figures\ were '' submitted; ^ 'at the .first1 meeting of the new Victoria Bridge Boa'rd,; Brisbane, on -Tuesday.^;: _ iti ;was.- shown that the contractoris price; ' (tho 'lowest tcmler^ -for certain. painting -work, -amounted to : £512,' .while .the work had hccn*'completed unller the Isupervis-ion of Mr. Stoodly by day -: Uboii r .; for only* £281 2s. 8d.— not '' a great .'deal- more than half tho amount. . The estimate of the i prob able-cost of the work, submitted to the ; board -.when ? the tenders were - received, was -: £374', and for. the xarefui manage ment which the completion .of the work for :£90 less; than .the ambmvt indicated, the- board -granted .-Mr. Stoodly -a bonus of £25Y: '.-. It -.was_ also '?menUo.ncU.---.that four years- ago' .painting .'work,'- which had jus* been completed for £1691, had then cost ' £324(f. ~ It should be remembered, however, that certain circumstances were' much in favour, of 'the reduced cxpemli-. turc, which -did. not- ckisV four years ago, such as the cost' of painting material, labour, etc. ''?.?'. ; . _? Bills of Sale Act.— The Brisbane Cham ber of Commerce have approachal the Premier to have the Bills- of Sale Act amended as follows' :— 'That in 'the event of no notice of; registration of. a bill of sale in accordance with subsection 4a (1) having been given, all debts owing by tho debtor previous to registration shall be deemed a prcferent claim to be paid before the 'bill of sale.'-. After discus sing the subject - Mr. Kidston promised that Mr. Blair would look into the dif ferent aspects . of it. Legal Examinations.— Mr. F.- T.. ;F. Keogh,- Secretary to the Board of Ex aminers, has handed the Brisbane papers the following .'results of the last legal examinations. Tlie following candidates passed their respective examinations :— Barristers : Preliminary, T. W. .Bain ; in termediate, J. M. Maiionoy ; final, W. L. D. Salkeld. Solicitors : Preliminary, R. G. Scott, J. F. Power, F. I. . Power, jnr., and A. D. Copper. 