By meant of the public meeting which is to be held at the City Ball this evening an appeal will be made to the citizens of Ballarat to assist in the relief of the 'sufferers by the recent terribly destnic tivo bush fires in various parts of tho State. As to the total'extent of the damage, losses, ana distress thus oc casioned not even an approximate .com putation is yet possible. It is only when a whole country side is swept by flames, and.the. fruits of a year’s Jailors, together with practically all the belong ings of a largo number of settlors, are destroyed in a few hours or minutes, that the_publ:c imagination is impress ed and that some conception is formed of tho appalling destruction that takes place. Mr Livingstone, M.L.A., has been at smne pains to enquire into the position'of affairs that liasbeenbrought about in parts of South Gippsland. The condition of many of the settlers' in'tho hnrntiout areas,.he states, is extremely pitiful. In the districts of -Toora, Welshpool, and Foster there are be tween 50 and GO settlers who have lost dwellings,’ outbuildings, . . fences, and grass. . Including children there are'in the South'Gippsland electorate upwards of ' 300 homeless people. ’" Those who are unfamiliar with the‘rugged heavily timbered country in that part of Vic ! toria can fonii’ lifctile or no conception of the great forest and .of the.posi j tion of helplessness and isolation to which I the settlers axe reduced when 1 they oc cur. Everywhere a scene of desolation meets the eye. There is no sign of habitation left, - the fences are destroyed for miles, and cattle and sheep have perished in great numbers. Praise-, worthy efforts have been made by set tlers who escaped the, fires and by the residents of the local towns to relieve the immediate necessities of the suf ferers. There, is not a spare room in Foster, Toora, Welshpool, or on the \- farms in the immediate neighborhood that is not at tho disposal of the home less settlers, and the morning after the fire pack-horses were sent out from tlie towns laden with .provisions. When the horses could be taken- no further, the'loads were unstrapped; and men car ried the goods to'their destination on their backs. The farmers in tho.Yar ram district have generously ,offered free grass for 300 cows, and ; have sub scribed money and clothing as well. But the task of adequately coping with the distress which has been- occasioned is quite beyond the power of local effort, nobly as this has been put forth. Many of the sufferers are' , sturdy settlers, inured to the struggles and vicissitudes of country life under its most trying and discouraging conditions;’and will bravely face their misfortunes and make prac tically, a fresh start-in a characteristic ally undaunted and independent spirit. For the.'time, however, they are left in dire straits, and are dependent for the very necessaries of life upon the prompt consideration and generosity of. their more fortunate follow-colonists. Avery representative ■ and trustworthy local committee lias been formed to ascertain and enquire into all genuine case’s of ab solute want, and there .is ample assur ance theii anyfunda or other' offerings entrusted to its care will bo judiciously, as .well as advantageously, expended, and that independent, ..self-reliant- suf ferers ■ who are loth ; to assert! claims, to assistance," however ihuch- they may i.need-it, jvill be sought,out,and afforded such.relief as they -may urgently need. .'.Nearer home,- tho visit of our special re porior to the .'portion of the Lai • Lai, .Mqrrisqns, ,and ..Elaine district; which' -WYis ravaged by-the bush fires, last week revealed the ‘ fact that the' fire was, of much greater proportions than Vvas at first, reported. The track of the fire'’was plainly■ visible through tins.,country for* marW miles; some homesteads were des troyed, and," vary .severe damage sustained otherwise!.. . The fire in the ’ Daylesford district occasion ed . very .severe' . losses, ; ■ Happily the loss ;of ;life-. _was not-as' great as was at first supposed, but the destrue t*?n <jf Kbmes and .other property’ waft vei-y extensive. A littlb township:; was almost entirely demolished/ and/dotted over the scorched and blackened gullies iuUsides of a lai-ge stretch,of coun try 'bare ‘chimneys, and buckled sheets , of galvanised iron-, are all fhat'are left: of many a .once' 1 comfortable home. .Pathetic descriptions' have ’ been ' given ,of .the scenes witnessed, in j tho district swept by the -fire, 'when women, , nothing ,’bnt jthbi plptlies, which they, wearing, moved j sadly amid:the ruins of their homes, ,1m ’this ense the swe^ f pv^-c<>m-1 paratiyejy thickly, settledreunitry, MeJJ| sured .by,square.miles.; of-area swept; it I was; perhaps,■ a-small affair; compared} which fomatiines •. traverse' '. the Gippsland ranges or! sweep for miles' over /he plains of Riveritta, but in .this Instance iWW®;' opvelqpecf, and iii a relatively limited, area, more homes - w®ro for the would - have. Ab®P?llf the case- covering a,much larger area.' Small" blocks df;land,.bold by miners, fruit growers, r WobcUoartersj fossickers and lafeftars Over a doien hoiflvesjjn apd .they, sfme | her. at Spring Creek were destroyed* iu£L a considerable-area of country was-left a desolate and blackened waste. i’/Tke action taken Ideally to Imme diate relief was, .1 as in tbe case of 1 the South •G'ippslaridj calamity, prompt and praiseworthy. ..jand •• denoted! a lively senAo of tbe extent c(f the losses sus tained and a liberal spirit in coming to tlio assistance,'of.the sufferers' in theirV extremity. There were toucbing.rin stances of generosity and self-denial on the part- of contributors to the local fund. It is noted, for instance, that included in the amount collected at the Daylosford State school was a sum of nine shillings, whicHa fbw.girls had got together for the purchase of refresh ments for a picnic, They decided to forego their pleasure to help the suf ferers. At, the same school a couple of little boys took their money boxes to Mr Ward Jones, in charge of the school, and tlio contents were handed over lor tlie relief fund. Tlio testimony .’of the Mayor of Daylesford is that all the money that will be subscribed will be wanted. The pinch will not he'so se verely felt now as in a month or two; and the exeoutive committee have en tered upon the mere fringe .of their labors. The Railway Department,' coach proprietors, and others are ren dering appreciable sorvice :in offering free delivery of parcels to tlife 'sufferers in this district as well as at Hepburn, South Gippslahd and else where, and (there can be no doubt that any assistance rendered will be turned to the best account for tlio benefit of .those who. need it. Whatever move ment may be initiated m this centre will ho doubt provide moans, by some form of entertainment and otherwise, of enlisting as wide -of sup-■ port as possible, and the mieetihg.tcT'be held to-night can scarcely fail-.to-cvpko' such a prompt and '. generous response as /Ballarat generally makes to appeals on helialf of the sufferers by dire calamities in.the State. ' The forecast of : £lie weather for to-day is.-as -follows: —"Pine .warm weather, with light south-easterly - winds; jwa slight to smooth." The following were the School of Alines records yesterdayv—, Barometer •falling," 28.010 inches; . baro meter, reduced to sea level and . 32, de grees Palu-., 30.098 inches; maximum day temperature, shade, 92.0 degrees; mini mum previous night, shade, -17.5 degrees. The public meeting convened by the Mavor of the City (Cr Whykes) to con sider a proposal to have the railway line' extended; from Newtown to Beeac, was well attended at the City nail last even ing, and tbe idea was enthusiastically, supported by every speaker. It was urg ed that timber for mining'purposes would be obtained from the Beeac Forest l at much cheaper rates than it was obtained elsewhere at the present time if the Gov ernment constructed tlie line. AU speakers agreed that the extension' would benefit not only'the settlers at Cola'c.- but the community’ in and around Ballarat. Resolutions favorable to the proposal were carried unanimously, and it was .decided to form leagues nt places interested 'in the movement, with Ballarat as the centre. A full report of the meeting will be found in another column. A daring burglary was reported yester day morning to the City police. • On Sat urday evening the premises at the comer of Albert add Lewis streets, occupied by the Messrs Reigelhuth Bros, as a working and manufacturing jewellery es tablishment, were locked up. Monday be ing a holiday, the shop was- not visited until yesterday morning, when one q£ the brothers, Mr Otto Reigelhuth, proceeded to open the establishment. Wlien he got inside he found that a window at the back of tbe premises, which is protected by a high iron fence from public observation, had been smashed in, and access to the safe gained thereby. The safe, which is ft very old om\ and not calculated to afford mnch resistance to a burglar, was found to have been forced open, appa rently with a chisel. On the contents of the safe-being examined, it was found that a number of unset stones, including five diamonds, were missing, the value of the stolen property being given by Mr H. Reigelhuth as .£7O. The matter was at once reported to the police by Mr Reigel \- huth, and Detective Rogereon is making lan investigation into tbe circumstances surrounding the robbery. • The police con sider that the "crib” was, to use the language of the burglar, "a very easy one bo crack," the window at the back- being well sheltered from observation, while the walls of the safe itself were very thin, and easily forced. The State Cabinet held a 6hort sitting yesterday when amongst other subjects under consideration,' was that of tlie appointment of a Supreme Court judge The Premier had to leave to attend the meeting relative to relief of bush-fire sufferers, but at the conclusion of.’ the meeting the Attorney-General announced that Air W. H. Irvine, M.L.A., .had been offered a Supreme Court judgeship, but had declined tlio offer. At the Corporation Saleyards yesterday 291 head of cattle were, penned, consisting chiefly of middling and nseful. sorts. About one-fourth ranged from good to prime quality. There'was an average at tendance of the,.trade, and for quality competition was fairly^active. For other sorts the demand, was again dull, at some what easier prices. Prime bullocks brought from £9 10s to JEIO 10s, and extra prime sold to fill 10s. . Best cows realised £6 ss. There were 23 calves'pcnned, the best of which, sold to £2 10s. There were 4010 sheep forward, a small proportion of which were good to prime. The attendance of the trade was below tlio average,; but gra-, ziers were well represented. Sales-open ed to dull competition, continuing so throughout. Best eerts showed a mate rial doeline oii last week's high , rates, whilst bther descriptions also ruled easier: Prime crossbred wethers sold from 17s toj 19s, and extra prime ' from 22s toj 255. Prime ewes realised from 15s'to 16si and I extra prime from 17s to lifts. Prijno me rino wethers sold from 14s to 15b’Id. Of the 3507. lambs to hand a. small propor tion .were good ,to prime. . The demand lacked the. briskness, of the-.previous week./ prices for all dtwriptieps ruling somewhat easier. Prime lambijspld from 12s to 13s, and extra prime from 14s to 15e Bd. J .... , ..... I Tlio Mayor of the City (Cr. .’Whykes), in his.report to the council yesterday; re .commended that a conoert lie held at the I City Oval for the" purpose of -raising funds for’those who suffered through the recent hush-fires. .Cr Barker snid he thought tlio council 'should : give the people'who Buffered some practical assistance, and if they hod any money available he was pre-. parod to move that a sum be voted, say, .£5O. It: waa the smallest amount they could give, and the quicker they passed it the bettor for those in distress. If necessary they could send the money to the fund opened in Melbourne. The. mayor said they should give any money j they had to spare to, sufferers in the Bal larat, district before Sending it away. Cr i Brawn contended that it would be far bet-’, tor to have a fund 1 which they /could! con-, ! tool themselves. - They had no objection to ass'sting'. thoise in other ‘ plates, put they'should attend’to the people of their own district first 1 .) Cr Brokenshire asked .if they could legally vote JBSO, dri any sum, for', tile purpose mentioned. .1 The mayor replied that objections might be raised by.'the auditor, but the samel,thing had been done in the'past. Cr* Brawn thought they could chance the auditor. Cr .Crocker , thought they might ask' the Melbourne people to join with them in the matter . The mayor said they would lowing might/-and they .could then con.' aider the bush-fire question oh the fol- j lowing, night, and they could then con sider what should be done with the money, j The motion that’.£so be voted was agreed J to qn this ppderstanding. j ivnen fie,'Licensed Victuallers’ sports I were' being held' bo. the City Oval some dayai-lagq'.thcne .w.ere several bookmakers | present; /and 'here ! arid, there men were to be beeh ilayiiig the three card trick; and the,'.thimble'-and the pea. Afc‘‘the ' City ! CounqU? meeting, held yesterday, Cr Bro kemshire asked if ‘ their bylaws did not prohibit gamblinlrlfonc: th'e-iOTilto 1 The’ mayor replied that ht did not think there was to®y /bydaw;.! particularly, bearing on theumtoer/imt 1 there Was a Statutory by law. -, Or Brokenshire-said that on- 1 the day of the Licensed Victuallers’ 'sports ft' fob of gambling Wes going an.iend men were playing the three card • trick and' other .illegal games. . .The Mayor—"l was only there to lunch, .aha' didn't nee nay. betting.” Cr glad to say I wasn't them at. all,'', said that’-'if there-was any gambling on the ground it was for .the police to take ac tion. ' Cr Brokenshire-^ -- The pohoe;stood by dhd'saw itgoingron.' said it took itwo to and each tried to take the other down., _ tie thought too much fuss was nhout: such s things. If they allowed that kind of business to go oh a 6top would very soon be nut to it. If people played and were &±S*g 'SSL the s police be instructed to et^f aad.gambling-at ttooval m.mtura T^e motion wah3eJiond.ed by Cr Brawn, anu carried. i->- ' .- The Minister of Mines (MrMW) wbo is member for the disastrous bush-fiies in h ® and the ufo , >» T^fotwine- from with when, he Teached HainotMlle n liis Gippeland mining tour a c °up'e “ davs ago. Arriving in Melbourne bj h fiydney express on Monday, Mr M went an by the evening tram to Dayles ford.. . The Postmaster-General stated yester day thot the Ist July next would bo fixed as 'the day on which tlio new 101 l tele phone system would be brought into operation After the date a U new ap nlioations for telephone* would only be ! granted under a schedule ot measured services for certain rates. The latter had not vet been definitely arranged, , but a minimum number of calls (probably rjOj would be provided for a sum which wou.d bo below the present rent of ad), and each additional call would be a trifle extra. Another feature would be an alteration in the regulations to enable the department, instead, of cutting, .off... a subscriber s ’phone'if it were used T>v-the public, to bring the instrument under the toil sys tem. Present subscribers would have the option ef continuing at the fiat rate, or having toll telephones substituted!, The Minister added that a reduction’'.in. . blot telephone fees from 3d to Id per call would in all probability bo made shortly. The fame of Ballarat School of Mines lias-gone far beyond Australia. Tli© author ities vosterday received a letter from a Dr-Pillow, of Eerlin, enquiring certain 'particulars with regard to the curri-ulum and terms,, it apparently bepg the doc tor’s ’intention, if n . favorable answer is 'received, ■to become a;.student -at the school. . ” At the City Council yesterday Cr Brawn was'appointed to-meet unrepresentative of the; Bungareeshire Council at 11* o’clock this’ morning, to : consider -the matter bf orecting a lamp in Gregory- 1 street, near the show grounds.. ; The fortniglitly meeting of the Benevo-’ lent Asylum Committee was held at the •Board Boom, Camp street,-last evening.' Present—Mr A. W. Hager- (president), and .Messrs J. Phillips, W.Gale, J. N. Bunn, Ji M. Kline, A. A. Ronaldson, L. Lctler man, S. .Marks, W. Whykes.VJ. Douglas, T. Long, D.. Cooke, J. M'L-eod, J. Oddie, and the Very Bov! Fatlicr. Guilfbyle. Mr Phillips reported that during the week 1 the superintendent, .Mr C. C.; Shoppee, visited Melbourne and■; waited upon the Premier with’ the view of soliciting acer- I tain sum for renovating tyie institution: Mr Bent intimated liis intention of gran fi ling the, committee, £lOO towards the, ex pense. It was resolved, on' the motion, of Mr Phillips, seconded by Mr Gale, to pass a vote of tbonks to Sir Shoppee. The doctor reported that the general health of the inmates was gcod. A letter was re ceived from Mr W.,Bishop, grocer, stating that ho.submitted samples of, tea to be tested in connection .with the committee’s application for tenders and when the cases were returned to him he noticed that they ■had not been opened. In his opinion, thi* sort of tiling crippled the practice of ten dering for supplies to public institutions. The secretary intimated that the whole of the cases had been opened and the tea tested, after which the cases were again hailed down. It was resolved to forward a letter to Mr Bishop, explaining the man ner in which the various samples had been tested. The matter of the erection of an infectious ward was postponed. The meeting .then adjourned. The population of Borringa is 3400, and in flint township 104 tons of beer is con sumed per year, equal to two tons per week. This was told to the public meet ing held in the City Hall last night by Mr R. F. Bryant, president of the Bcr ringa Progress Association. The an nouncement caused much laughter. Mr G. Hall, senior inspector of factories, yesterday paid a visit to Ballarat, and in conjunction" with Mr D. Duff; tne local inspector, he inspected a number of the largest factories and . workrooms in the City .land Town. The chief object of his visit was to.eee that the means of ingress and egress at stairways were suitable. ' It is not generally known that in the newly-, amended regulations, which come Into force on Ist March, it is required that all Fossages and stairways shall be kept free rom obstructions. Mr Hall noticed in a number of eases that firms were exposing for sale ware such as carpets, etc., on either side of the stairways.’ To those responsible he pointed out the new regu lation. Mr- Hall was pleased with the very- clean state of 1 the majority, of the workrooms, some of which were thorough ly renovated during the holidays. In one or two cases instructions were given to have small improvements made. ' A letter from the Mayor of Geelong was yesterday received by the town cleric of Ballarat East (Mr J. Gent), stating that Wednesday, 31st prox., will be a conveni ent day for Ballarat City and Town coun cillors to visit Geelong to play the muni cipal cricket match. In connection with the cider making In dustry. the Secretary for Agriculture de sires that all orchardists who wish the plant to visit their orchia-ds should apply at once, so that a. route can bo mapped out. So far tile results obtained by the plant have boen very satisfactory. Grow ers of small areas of flax o-ho wish to ha re their produce dealt with by the Govern ment plant should also make early appli cation. Dr Wollaston, the Comptroller-General of Customs, has received a telegram from the collector of customs at Brisbane, stat ing' that 654 sugarcane'growers in Queens land have registered under the of 'the white labor clauses of the new Sugar Bonus -Act.' The. registrations in volve an area of 47,767 acres, but m many •instances oniy a small portionof this area is actuallyihndcr cane.. ’' A comic eide-was given to the sensation al blindfolds drive which,' took place 'through - theunain streets of. Ballarat yes terday in i connection with Bpstock and Wombwell’s circus, by, the attendance ox four policemen at the qireufl tent when the’ . drive had .concluded. . Constables Care}, Dunn, King,,,and iSiniipsqn visited' the tent, took the names,of the.principals en gaged in the expedition,' and announced their intention of proceeding against them on a charge of furicus driving. 'Whether Cr M’Kenzie, who wns trie,mental drivel, or Sum Williams, who, • blindfolded held the -ribbons, is to he held responsible for •the offence is not yet decided. Mr Penict Butler, the-circus company's’popular ad vance agent, says that a summons cannot •be i ati'present served on Williams, who is buried 5 feet underground, but if the i, authorities insist on proceeding with the .charge.,, lie will take service of the writ himself and fight the matter out! The drapery establishment i of,- Messrs ; M'Dougal] and Chisholm;, in Bridgt street, [Ballarat Eist, was broken into some .time between Saturday, might, and , yesterday I morning, the back door, being forced open !-with a jemmy. The place wns,'weir ran 'saeked. but all the thieves gained for their Labors'was Is 6d worth of stamps. The matter was , reported to the police! ■ and yesterday .'Plainclothes - Constable Montague and Senior-Constable M’Plier eoa were engaged making enquiries. . Considerable discussion took place last evening at the fortnightly meeting of the Benevolent Asylum:: Committee over the matter of appointing a resident boot maker. A few weeks ago'a Mr It. ’Wil son, who has had the contract of repair ing the boots of the inmates, wrote to the 1 committee;, stating,that ,he would be pro-' pared to spend three days a week at the Asylum in’repairing the footgear, and fill in the remainder of the week in doing any work the superintendent might require. He hud a knowledge of bricklaying, .4c:, and ho thought'that pis services would be of use to-the committee. Last evening .the executive; committee reported favorably on the offer, - end suggested- the appoint ment, of, Mr. Wilson,, who, by 1 the way, oekedfora weekly wage, of .£2. Mr C. B. Graingqr ; , strongly. : ejhjected'jo any ap pointment being, made, gitihg-as his rea- Igm that'Lmt;.yenr-the .coat: of repairing boots amounted to ,£96." If this new-ap pointment .were; mad? it meant.that £lO4 • would have, to -be expended straight away I ,' while this sum - would be added to' by about. ~£5O when purchased ; tht>" \- Mr L. Lederman thought jbafc the- executive's suggestion should < be 1 •adopted. - teeing-thit . Mr.-Wilson would tome; iultHJOlin jdoin?. jobs' about the place. What was more, the cost to the institution for leather would not be so great; as Mr Wilson would take every care of the material. Mr B. Cooke contended that when a man was using anything that did not belong to him he was apt to become a. bit" extravagant. After further discussion,: action was dep ferred for a fortnight, pending'further; ini formation to be obtained by a sub-com mittee appointed lor this purpose. To illustrate tho vaiue of the timber obtainable in the Beech Forest the Mayor of Colac, who, with two other 'Colne representatives, waited on the City Council yesterday to urge co- operation in the endeavour to have the railway, line from Newtown to Beene constructed, pro. diice'd a'number of handsome articles made up of Beech Forest wood. The col lection included a carved bust of Lindsay Gordon done in red beech, an elegant inkstand, half a dozen pretty bowls, and other articles. Theso wore all much ad. mired, and it was agreed on. all sides that such timber should lie put lo better use..than it . was at the present time. The summer session of the Bookie and Lbngerenbng Agricultural College ■ • will close to-day. All the accommodation | available at Dookie lias'been applied, for next session, ‘but there are ,still some ' vacancies for students at Longorenong. ’ At a meeting of officers of the Balla rat Fire Brigade last night, the following competition teams wei'B chosen:—Hose and., ladder —Hydrant, G; Vawdrey;- coupler, J. Turner; ladder, 'D: Cairns, K. Ford, G. A.' Crompton, and O. SlUn . tyre;’pole and section, B. Cornish; pole, \V. Leith. Hose sixes—Hydrant, :G. Vawdrey: coupler, W. Loith; pole .and. section, G. Ford; pole and 2 branch,.. R. Cornish; reel and section, D.: Cairns; Prst branch, N. M’lntyre. Alarm and disabled —Hydrant, J. Turner; coupler, W Leith; branch, W. Stephens; pole, J." A. Crompton; pole and Ford; reel and section. 6 Vawdrej. Ihe fours.will.be picked to-night. - ': A cheque fori X1G,536 15s'bd,' repreent .ine duty at the: rate of 10 per cent, on ,£165,867, the amount passed tor probate by the Chief Clerk (Mr Poole) was paid into, the Probate office yesterday in con nection with the estatei of- the late ChAr les Camrbell. of Albert street. East. Mel bourne,' merchant.’ , , , ■ Messrs T..P. Long'(president of the local committee arranging;-««;: -an, tion of Australian manuiaotureis goods) and L Oliver, J, R. M’Connell andlD. Buff were present at the exh;bition hold under tho auspices of the -Lis.A- m. Mel bourne, on Monday. They mterviewed a number of the exhibitors with -be object of induciug them to .send goods; to Ahe. Ballarat Exhibition,, and i several -pro mises that articles would be foruarded .were received. A communication was yesterday receiv ed bv the City Council intimating that the,. Premier, the Hon. Thomas Beat, would be unable to.;make an appointment to lecoive a deputation in-j- eference to the Hcpetouh r Milduva". railway connection until next month.' . . ’ • .' ! The finance conimittce of the City Coun cil :rccommendtd to ..tho council _at ■ its meeting yesterday that the Electric . Su-p -; ply Company be asked to submit 1 a price i tor au arc lamp at tho gardens terminus., Cr Eai'ker thought it fair that the : Gas Company should be asked to send in a; price for a lamp. He moved that ‘ the I Gas Company be invited to submit a 'price,' and 'tho motion was agreed to. Manufacturers and others are reminded that to-duy is the last, day for sending in the annual factories registration fee, Failing the payment of the amount due a prosecution is likely to follow. The tee must be forwarded to the chief inspec tor of factories, Melbourne. If one were asked to choose the Federal Bopartraent which : is administered with the least regard to the dictates of com mon sense, that which'has to deal with immigration, would come a very easy ■first. - Were the object to bring the Com. monwealth into disrepute, the zeal of tho officers might be commended, but even the “boss’” of tho Government—tho Labor leader —could scarcely desire such a departure from the rules of justice and.com.mon fairness, to sav nothing of expediency, as that which is set forth in another portion of to- day’s issue, con cerning the application of Mr Love, a Portuguese resident of this city for forty years, for letters of naturalisation. The facts need no embellishment —they speak for themselves. A special meeting of the Town Coun cil. presided over by Cr Ritchie, was held yesterday afternoon for the purpose of deciding on a site for the erection of the' stone-breaking, machine recently pur chased. A couple of sites were mention ed, and those will be inspected beforo Friday’s meeting of the council, when a site will be finally decided upon. Another warm day wn3 experienced in Ballarat yesterday, the thermometer re gistering as high as 93J in the shade. A cablegram was received in Ballarat yesterday from Mr Hans Irvine, M.L.C., stating that he has engaged his passage back to Victoria’ by the steamer Bremen, which will arrive here in March. Let tera received by the last mail from Mr Irvino state that great interest is taken in London in the . Australian wine indus try, and that the outlook generally in favor of improved trade in this com-. 1 modity wa6 decidedly cheering. ' The Government, yesterday arranged for the despatch of sheets and blankets for the relief of bush fire sufferers, at Fumina, Baylesford. and Moe. A petition from twelve ratepayers was before the City Council yesterday, asking -the council to make an outlet pipe to a 12- inch earthenware drain near Kelsall's buildings, at the corner of Lydiard ana M.air streets, as- the water was flooding their cellars. Cr Barter moved that tho matter bo referred to the engineer (Mr Farrcr) to report to tho finance commit tee.' This was strongly opposed, by Cr Brokenshire, who urged that immediate action.be taken. No good, he said, could be gained by delaying tho thing, but, on {.the other hand, these complaining might be put to very great inconvenience. In reply to o question, Mr Farrer stated that lie had inspected the spot, and did not think the council was liable In any way. An amendment by Cr Brokenshire, that the matter be considered at once, was not seconded, and the motion was carried. In view of tho strong comments offered as regards the action of the Government in engaging- Mr Reuben Keirl to adver tise closer settlement estates, it is’ under stood that the engagement has been can. colled. :> Last‘ evening Constable Bunn .arrested a man named Beilis Harrigau on a ohangejof stealing clothing,- valued at XI, the property of Edward M’Cracken. The clothing. waV stolen from the .bar of the Grand hotel,, In Lydiard street. The pro perty wa3 .sub6equently .recovered at. a second-hand dealer’s shop in Main read. Harrigau was taken-to the Ballarat East lockup, and he : wilL appear ut the. Town Court. ;tp-day., ;;; , / A lad named Peter Fitzpatrick; 15 years of •• age;: yesterday fell down the stall's at the Ballarat Club, in Buna street; and broke one of his arms. - • He was treated ■at - the hospital.. Henry Emslie, 12.‘years of age, who resides ht' Brown Hill, was treated at the institution for a cut, caused by being caught in a chaff- I cutting machine. • - ] Tho Roval Commission inquiring into ] the coal industry-.will resume . business i on Tuesday next, when tho Commission, j ors will hold a private meeting. • The I .taking, of evidence will be resumed ahout the 7th pros. Speaking at the "meeting held at the City Hall hist evening in favor of the ex tension of the railway line from Nevrtown bo Beeac, Lieutenant-Colonel Greenfield stated: that to-day he was going to. visit Mr'iM. .‘ElderpttbeJMcadows, just :be low Rokeivood, to-have a talk with him about throwing open some" land. It was tho intention of Mr Elder, said Colonel Greenfield, to'throw"open -from-5000 (n 6000 acres-of- land,..which has a frontage to tho railway, the land to be used for : wheat-growing, -.j ... - , a> -' At last night’s meeting of the Newing tohhranch of the A.N.A.-, a-reeolution was nnahimousiy carried, ''sympathising with the sufferers of the Teccnt-bush-fires.; The 'sUinof.jeMs Was voted from the funds of the branch] and the members decided to ■subscribe’ individually, to- the local fund. Another biorama 'ehfertainment 1 was given at the Salvation Army Barracks, Little .Bridge street, Ballarat East', last evening. ' There was’aAarge and enthusi astic audience. A number of magnilioent moving pictures wore . shown, and were much appreciated. Several musical items .were ajse, contributed by thfe, band, of 2i petfqrinors. 1 . e' TKe breeident' ,'of the Colaoshlra ; ;(Cr HsnocXik),--Qr Baker, and Men--Selwdodii; -’secretary,eof- the;Colao Railway -League,. l WiVp-m 'BaHoratr.yestenfny in,connection' ' mth the' prepOßed l ex6tmsi<m;.'ofjthe'-riall way:l tine] from .iNletytown to Beeic) 1 i-Thiy • ; were’'entertained ! at luticheott at , ’S3rtug’e hotel by Mayor Whykes. "Subsequently they attended the meeting of‘the City Council, and- were given, Chairs near the mayor. They -also attended a special meeting of the Town Council, and obtain ed an. assurance that their proposal would receive hearty ; diwjpenvtiori. The Baptist hud :Peel street -Methodist Sunday- schools bold: .their ibnuad, picnics at Buninyong on Monday, special trains being-chartered' by both, j Abont 500 peo ple travelled with" the'‘Baptist excursion, and about 250 with the Peel street. The rendezvous was the Buninyong gardens, and an enjoyable day..was spent in out door games, etc. A ptemc organised by the teachers of Scots Presbyterian Sunday .! school was held,at the botanical Gardens," the. pleasure-seekers- going to their select- I «<1 spot in electric tram-cars. The Rev. A. 11. Moore accompanied, the picnickers. Mr W. Kiel.made a capable secretary. ; j Some time during Monday night or early yesterday morning the stall of S. Bobbie, in the Eastern Market, was broken into, and fancy goods'to the value of 10s 6d 6tolen. The matter was yesterday report ed to the police. Citizens who are in receipt of incomes from salary, wages,.stipends,' allowances, pension, superannuation, or retiring al lowance, reiits, or annuities,' which have exoeeded .2157 -for the year end lug 31st Becembcr, 1905; are again reminded that they must forward their returns to the income Tax Office, Queen street; Mel bourne, not later than to-morrow. Per sons who do not send in returns within the time fixed are liable to be proceeded against in the courts. Those who ne glect to furnish returns at ail, providing their incomes are , over the minimum amount fixed, are also liable to be pro ceeded against in the courts, and in addi tion, to any fines that may bo imposed, will also have to pay double income tax. At a meeting of the Federal Executive Council to-day, the Federal;Parliament will be further prorogued until the end of , Match. The next session will not open until about May. Mr F. T. Kemy was last night arresfed by Sergeant Britt and lodged in the City watch-house, changed with offensive be haviour. It is alleged that Mr Kexnpf who lias been latterly continually in the habit of charging various .members of the police force with imaginary neglect of duty, went down to the south police sta tion,. which is in charge of Sergeant Britt, and abused the latter on the usual lines. Tlie sergeant asked him to go away, but lie persisted iii lecturing the officer, and the latter thou arrested liim for offen sive behaviour. Although efforts were ’made to get bail for the accused up to an early hour this morning he remained un redeemed. The ; elderly man, William Poulter, who had such Ia sensational escaipe from death or serious injury when he collided with 1 a tram on Monday last, is still in the Hos pital, and is progressing fairly well to wards recovery.l • A considerable amount of interest is be ing taken by cricketers in the match which will he played to-day ait the East ern Oval between, veterans of the Ballarat Cricket Club and members of the Town Council. Both teams have been pract-’s- Ing assiduously, and it is fondly hoped by the Town fathers that Mavor Bitchie's loir-hand “googlens” will prove to be a tower or strength to them as far as bowl ing is concerned:- Ex-Cr M'Kee, also Ins been, training for the event, and has shown great proficiency with the bat his late cut to leg being cue of his 'best scoring strokes. Other -members of the municipal team wbo promise well in prac tice aimCr Levy, who is a brilliant fields' man with .a non-stop action; Cr Blsworth a bowler of aerial sworvers; and Cr Pearce, whose .running between wickets now leaves nothing to be desired. A man named Matthew Ryan, 73 voare rLw!' i w , a3 yesterday brought into' the Hospital by Constable Jones from Bun garee m » state of collapse. He wafad mitted for surgical treatment. We have received from the Railway Bepartment several well illustrated book lots, entitled— Summer at the Seaside! Lakes and Western Port Buv, T 7 ii t. Steamer, Mountain and \ alley Scences in the North-eastern Dis trict, and Peeps at Scenes in the Midland district. In addition to illustrations 1 and descriptions of railway and steamer time- tables, particulars as to fares etc are given, and the little publications should prove very useful to excursion ists. The presiding magistrates at the Town- Court yesterday were Messrs A. J. Pit-' tard, W. Galq, and W. Robertson, J's.P. An inebriate was fined ss, in default 24 hours' imprisonment-. There was nr other business. 