Having operated for appendicitis and found there was none, a .surgeon got out of the difficulty, Sir Samuel Wilks explained ab n Guy's Hospital lecture, by calling it pseudo-appendicitis. The report /that the Whdtwortlh- Collieries, in South Wales, has passed entirely into Penman hands, and that a purely German di fectorate has been appointed over them, has treated almost as great a scare in England is the attempt of the Pienpont Morgan syn dicate to get possession of the shipping trade of the Atlantic. There is no certainty, as yet, whether the purchase is a purely commercial onie, . or whether at is the result of a deep- laid political plan. The nervous ness is very .natural, for 'the Welsh coalfields are. in a sense, necessary to the stability of thf» British Empire. .: ? 'One of the Cowley Fathers, who has re- : turned from New York, brings a remarkable ghost story of a child who waited on a doc tor and pressed him to attend its mothier. '?? The doctor, owing to weariness, declined ? to ? see the child when it called, but did so under . pressure, and on going to the hoiuse found the mother suffering from diphtheria. . The doctor informed her of the message he had received from the daughter, but to his sur prise the mother told him the child was dead in the nexffc room, where, to his astonish ment, he found the body. The potato crop of Ireland has '?bene- fited considerably by the, fine weather,, aince che middle of August.' The disease 'has been arrested to a large extent, ard the shortage of the crop will not be nearly so great as: was anticipattd. . Mr. Nelson Illingworth, the sculptor, his been requested by a number of leading cLrgy and laity of this,,State to reproduce repl c..s of the bust of his Eminence Cardinal Moran, which be executed in marble, and which) was ? presented to his Eminence. The bust is, now at St. Patrick's' College, Manly. Mr. Illing-. worth has consented to reproduce the1 .bust,' .' which will measure one foot six inches high, for a limited number of subscribers, at the very reasonable: cost of 15s. Intending sub- : scrib.ers should, order early from Mrs.; Nor man, agent, 28 P. 0. Chambers, 114A Pi'bt street, Sydney. ' ..?;': In New South' Wales we have a burning mountain, situated between Scon© and Mur rurundi' on t!he: Northern Line, and which- is in a istate of ignition. For years residents of Northern centres suffering from chest and '. throat complaints have visited Mount Wingeu for the purpose of inhaling the sulphurous fumes. The famous. 'Wingennia' remedies, which are becoming so widely known owing to their curative properties, are associated with these cures, and are to be obtained from all leading chemists. The Australian Ambu lance Aesociation are constant users of these remedies, and Mr. H. J. Page, Superinten dent, speaks in high praise, saying: 'I know of nothing better.' There are special reme-: dies for special cases. Eczema cream, , for. piles, varicose vein®, sore legs, etc. House-; hold . oream for 'cuts, bruises, burns, scalds, ' etc. Liquid extract for the throat,, mouth, i ;;' and eyes. 'Wingennia skin soap for the ? bath and household use. These remedies are not a cure-all ; but .efficacious for many of the; I ills that flesh is heir to. [':.'? To cope with, that terrible visitation, the bush- fire, George E. Forteccue and Sons, manufacturers of the I.X.L. Poison Carts,; have patented a most ingenious fire-fighter, named 'Fortescue's Fire Fighter.' This ma chine has a capacity of 100 gallons, which is : enclosed in a strong iron tank lying sideways and mounted on ia small two-wheel cart which' can be drawn by horse or/hand. Attached to the tank is a 20-feet length of hose, specially: manufactured, which a novel force cross-spray (Mr. Fortescue's invention), which will distri- : bute water over a large area. The firm, claims- ? ' that when a bush fire ie travelling towards a homestead, farm, or paddock, their fire fighter J ? is so easily handled that one man, if 'neces- sary, can immediately check its progress, and turn it off in another direction. ? The situa- ? tion of the tank allows of the even distribur tion of weight, and the water is automatic- Vj ally balanced. ; These machines have an addir ? ; tional low-down purnp^ capable of Lifting 200() 1/ gallons per hour,, so that the tank can be ? ; filled in a few minutes. The price is £20; . ','? with £1 for the low-down pump. /. The firm ,; also manufactures cheaper carts from £5 up- x wardsJ ; ?????' ??'??? ....?? . . ? ? :; ? 