nEKOTIOII OF B08H-FIU8. Tho tcftion ot tbe year during which bush 'firm ere <0 be foared biu n»w begun, and we have. been requested by tbe Government to Invito attention to the matter, and to express tbe Impc that all clones ol.the community will combine to prevent, as tor as tibtsihlc. any rocurrenoc of the fires which de vastated large tracts of country nU ut this tlmo tost year, and indicted heavy Ionics upoa sottlers far and wide. Government offioers stationed at tho country have been Instructed to aid in the desired direction as tor as possible, but tbe question as to tvjutber ujr district -snoO be Immune from cult- break e of fire In reality rests wttk the local residents themselves and on tlir good sense and judgment the Govern ment confidently relies. It !g hoped that stope wiU be taken to form Firs Brigades la appropriate Centres, and thai a well-organised plan of campaign srill be arranged for adop tion In the event of there bring cut- in-cake of fire. Tho question of tbe causes, and also or the best steps to take with a view to' checking Ilia spread of bush fires, was. exhaustively investigator) at the instance of the Government lost year, nnd from the reports obtained U Is cloar that httsb fires are graerally, if not invariably, to be prevented by proper caro m mrtalo directions by nsidents la country dlitrtoto. Most prominent among the causes of hush fires ifss shown to be the careless use ol was matches, and It la hoped that tho gvneral pnMfo will further tho, object in view by refraining from ' carrying wax matches, as tor as. pos sible, or carefnlly extinguishing them when the object for which they bavn beqn fit has been attained. So Im portant a factor ' ln tho'questlon of bush fires ore was matches believed to be, that' the Gsprmaent has thought it advisable Nf appeal to country storekeepers to refrain from selling them daring the rammer months and (o stock only wooden matches', and U Is hoped that the community at large wfll 'discountenance the use ' of wax matches daring the summer months, in view of the disastrous results to bo footed from, theot In careless and Irre sponsible hands,. Tt Is generally believed that the ase of phosphorus for' poisoning rabbits is another prolific eanso of bush "fires,' but, the fovestfgettoiis con (looted toem to show that dancer need only he feared from' ' phosphorus ' bolts ear lesely prepared. Under the drcamstanees. tho Govern ment appealtopaitoraKfltsaad other using phosphordr baito , ' to mi them vrith proper -core, -la ! older that all danger 'may- be obviated. 'MocWnc- mixers hro sold "for preparing and rattingr-ui> the bait/ whlon minimises the risk' iortrrred bjr hatid-mixfog, and, jd addition, --property -prepared < baits ready- for use -aay be .obtaiⅆ '-'from reliable firms.- :/'" The ' preparation of "fire -brooks ,V for the . purpose', of pmHntlng tho spread of fires/ 'enimot ' be tbo.strongly rooommendod.' "The difficulty of safely barniog.the grass. of ttt ltbeoomea dry raoUgh is fully recognised, > but - with Ihq ase' of grass-'fir«.axUttgUlsho» and iiroperiy -mode bealars: which -should lie aiflotpleee orstdul ravr hide, cut ogg-shnpo, and attached hiindl'v- the operation can be safely perfonned, if a suitable day is Cboscto/ tl" may/be mentioned that thaT Railway Cdmmls- Hlonera are taking etcps to baro the grass Mong the' railway lines, jvith a view to preventing the possibility of hush fires 'from' sparks or dnders from locomotives. Around each homestead tbore should be a -good' wide ' firebelt, ,and -'fences should alio . Be protected In the same V ' ' The grass . : . fire-extinguisher— that is to say, a tank'oh wheris,' with. H loroo- pump and -hase ;atta'«unent— Is tho bcAt means of < coping ..with !,: bush- fire wlien once it -has stttted,. ondihe pro vision- ol such appliances ,ln appronri- ato centres is strongly recommended. 