PNEVENUON OF BUSNrRNES. The. season of the, year during which bush fires are to be fearod has now begun, and we have been requested by the Government to invito attention to the matter, and to express Iho Iimm. that all classes of the community will combine to prevent, as far as possihlc, any recurrence of- the fires- which 1 de vastated largo tracts of country u)i<-ut this ilmo last year, and inflicted Iisavy Ionhcs' upon settlers far and wide. ; - Government officer® stationed ot' tho country, have been instructed to aid In. the "desired direction as far as possible but the quesUdd as- to, whether ' toy < district shoU be lmmana from out- breaks of fire in reolity M te vrith , the local residents themselves, oud oh their good sense and - judgment the Govern ment confidently idles. It Is Hoped that step® will bo taken to form Fire Brigades in- appronriuto oontres, and that a- well-organised 'plan of campaign will be arranged for adop tion !a the event of there bring- out breaks of fire. . . Tha ouratlon 'of the- eansc®, and .'also r of the bust steps to take with a view to .chocking the spread of bush fires; wo® exhaustively, investigated at . the Instance of tho Government last year, and from the reports- obtained it I clear that bush fires are gcnorally, if. not Invariably,/ to bo nrovehted by' proper core . In certain : directions by rasidenis In country districts. Most prominent among tho causes of hush fires was shown. to be tha, careless iiso of; wax - matches, and . it Js hoped that the general pubUe; will -farther .the object fn view ; by refraining from carrying, wax matches, a® far- as pos- rible, nr-earofally " extinguishing tno»n when the object sfqr -.which -they havo been lit haaKbetatetthlned. . 6o itn- iqrtant , a -faotor.. in -the question . of uish .firce ore wax.matohes brilovcd to be, that the Goveromrot'hae-thought it advisable ,te appeal .tb.' country storekeepers te narainvfrom selling them durinv tti/ eammar -miinth nnrl to stock oidy wooden matebes, and it Is hoped .that the . community. at largo wfildlscpnutcauwee .. .the use of wax matches ' daring the summer month®. In .vlew of thi. disastrous results to bo -fes'from ihfm la earricte and- irro- ;e|K>nslble hands..:; . - ' It Is generally believed -that the use of phosphorus - for-, poisoning rabbits Is another prolific .bauso of bu®h fires, hut the Snvcsttgfttfons conduetcd som to . show that danger peed only be: feared from ; phosphorus baits care- loswy prepared. Under, tho circumstances, the Govern ment . appeal to postornlists and other® "ri"?. phosphorus baits, /to mix them ">th proper caro. in order thnt all danger- may Kb obviated. Machine- mixers nro, sold for .preparing 'tind rutting, up tho bait, whlen minimises the 'riric incurml by hand-mixing, and. in addition,, properly, prepared baits "W/m use. may be obtained from rriiabto firms. » c.t preparation oL.V(l re-1)reah® " for tho purpose of - preventing the spread of -fires, cannot im< too strongly recommended. The difficulty of safely barnlng .the gross after it becomes - dry enough Is fully recognised, but with the are of grass fire.extinguUhoro'Snd property made beaters— which- should be a flat piore of stent raw Elde, ent Cffg-shap®, and attached to a handte-» the operation eon be safriy peTfonnod. if a suitable day- is chosen. It mev bo mentioned that the -Railway Commis sioners aro' taking stens to burn the grass along the railway lines, - with a view to preventing tho possibility ol hush fires from sparks or cinders from locomotives. Around-each homestead there should bo a good wide fireboU/- and ffuces should also bo protected In tho. same way The grass . firo-exUognlsher— that Is to soy, n tank on wheels, with a f otw- pump , nnd hoso J allaromenMsr-w. best means of coping with a oath;. Ore when onee it has startwf, and tho pt<K vision of sucb apiJianees te .sppvopri- ate centres U strongly rssommM" . 