1 AGRICULTURAL aud PASTORAL. | BUSH FIRES, We doubt if many of our citizens have any conception of the full extent of the losses and damage incurred in a season's bushfires, like those that have been raging, on and off. in this State since early in November of last year, the terrific ones in the heavily timbered Gippsland country in Victoria that started last week, and the hundreds of miles of 4-Vt 4- in TJt CUU.LllI.jr lUClt uavc uccu uctcwvwvw &u; h vwvw**» Queensland. We have had more extensive fires than the present ones, but they were confined mostly to grass country, although, perhaps, the destruction of fences and build ings was greater. But what makes this sea son's disasters stand out so prominently are the number of deaths that have occurred and the thousands of acres of fine crops that have been destroyed. What sadder spectacle is there than to see the home of a struggling farmer which yesterday promised bountiful blessings as the result of months and days I of weary toil present to-day a scene of har rowing desolation; crops, grass, fences, build ings, including the homestead, all a black ened mass of ashes, and the settler and his family homeless and ruined? Such an in stance as this is by no means rare in the history of bush fires in Australia. To the credit of the settlers, however, it must be said that their sympathy for their fellow suf ferers has invariably been displayed in some thing more practical and substantial than words, whilst the public was ever ready to show a similar mode of sympathy, and in urgent cases the Governments of the various States have always granted immediate assist ance. But however valuable the assistance, it has not recouped the sufferer to anything like the extent of bis losses. As far as reports are to hand, and If tlie full extent of the damage done is to be cre dited, fully 2,000,000 acres of grass country have been burned in this State alone since the beginning of last November. Taking the average carrying capacity of the country in volved at one sheep to three acres, this will mean the loss of sustenance to over 660,000 sheep. Unless the graziers have spare pad docks wherein to put the burnt-out sheep it will need the renting of country, which, in addition to the cost of the rent, entails an expenditure for droving to and fro, and look ing after the stock whilst on the rented country. The value of the burnt-out grass country is difficult to estimate, and so is the value of the hundreds of miles of fencing de stroyed. The latter alone at the average of £30 per mile would run into many thousands [ of pounds sterling. Add to this the value of I the standing and garnered crops, sheep, cattle, and horses burnt, and homesteads and other dwellings destroyed, and it can easily be seen that however generous the help that may be given by the public and Government, as in the past, it would only partly recoup the sufferers. The assistance that is always most welcomed ; by the men who have lost heavily by bush fires is a copious fall of rain. This is now urgently needed to restore the country to its former state of usefulness, and to check fur ther fires, but as yet there is no assurance from the meteorologists that such a bles sing is shortly to come about. In the mean time the dwellers of the bush are passing an anxious time of it, ever on the qui vive, and many afraid to doff their attire at any time. This not only refers to men but to women, who have given us many proofs of their hero ism in fighting fires, both in the past and present disasters. It is only those who have been in the midst of the battle that can ac curately gauge the strain on the constitution involved in fighting bush fires and through the body receiving insufficient nourishment and rest. The formation of fire brigades in several parts of the country has been the means of somewhat lessening the severe results of the past, but as yet the brigades are not suffi ciently numerous. The good results already accomplished should stimulate residents in all inland towns to form brigades of men that can be depended upon to ride out at a mo ment's notice at the call of alarm. The bri gade must be trained in all the efficient me thods of combating a fire, and the men should be good riders, and of strong physique. The mere riding out to help to put out a big fire, whilst welcomed by the owner whose country is on fire, is comparatively of little value un less the brigade brings with it appliances, and the members thereof carry temporary food in their saddle pouches. The brigade should also be supplied with a quantity of medical appliances and necessaries, in the case of accidents or injuries. Since prevention is better than cure, especialy in bush fires, settlers should make greater efforts than have been the case in the past in checking the spread of, if not alto gether preventing, a fire by means of fire breaks in open country. Wherever they exist they have saved the owner much loss and anxiety. It is the absence of these firebreaks on most of the properties that has contributed to the enormous damage done. ? 