TOMMY THE HAWKER. By Edward Dyson. Snifter was curled up in his 'possum rug in the back of the dark waggon, smiling even in his sleep. Outside there was the white light of a round, silver moon playing on the yeli'ow water of the dam and the clusters of saplings ; but the folding front of the waggon was strapped down, and no vagrant moon-ray could steal in to disturb the dreams of innocence. Tommy the Hawker was down in the small township of tents clustered about a puddler on the bank of the creek, and from one of the larger tents, where guttering candles lit a smoky interior, came excited voices, reiterating the phrases familiar to poker-players. Nothing more is necessary to explain the fact that at one in the morning 'Umpv was thoughtless of sleep. 'Enery Ingham in his rug slept a good deal like a joey in the maternal* repository. He curled himself up into the smallest possible kind of knot, and with his nose tucked in between his knees dreamed a dream. The dream was of a young monkey bear that haunted him. It's thin human crying was incessant. Sometimes it was simply a native bear with the natural sorrows of an orphan, at other times it worried Snifter by assuming a human face, the tiny, pitiful face of a human babe. Snifter could not shake it off. He had shot the mother bear that evening, and here was the joey haunting him. What business. had it with a human face ? Snifter looked again, and the monkey bear was a dead "woman, pale and bleeding, at the foot of the tree. The boy sat up with a yell, and stared into the darkness with terrified eyes. Thank God ! it was oni'y a dream. He turned over in his rug, and curled up again. But was it a dream ? The thin, incessant crying pursued him. He asked himself definitely—Was he awake ? He was. That point being settled, dtd Jif reallv hear a crying. Most decidedly there was i| quaint crying going on, a crying that might bel the pitiful call of an orphan bear to its inui-J dered mother. Snifter sprang up. He opened the flap, looked out. The crying was close at bund. Htl got out in his shirt, and walked round the gon, and peered under it ; but now the sousil seemed to come from within. He climbed iij again, and listened attentively. Yes, ccrtainlj there was something living hidden away in tfer waggon. Snifter lit a candle, and "listfiieJl again. A bear had been put in one of ilielock-1 ei's. He oponed the first to his hand, and held his candle over it, staring in, still a little stupid from sleep. "Lor', bloomy !" Snifter dropped the locto lid with a crash and started back, and sat staring, round-eyed, the very picture of senseless j amazement: "I'm barmy," he muttered. "That s iwhat- it I'm gorn barmy." He lifted th e lid a few inches, and peeped. "Well, I'® blowed !" he gasped. "Well, I'm reg'lar blow- This licks ther very devil !" Lying in the locker on top of 'Umpy's stocs of cheap shirts was a tiny baby—a teal, l' ve ' kicking, crying baby. The' boy crouched there' staring at it, his slow wits in a tumult. A sort of an ide.i dawned on him presently. " 'Umpy's done this here," he said. "This is his nibs' silly business, I bet." By the side of the baby was a feeding-bot|' e and a • new tin billy. In the handle of the a note was tucked. Snifter reached for cautiously. He was scared of the baby. note was written in a thin, wavering, trerobln 11 hand, and said : . . "Baby will he hungry. Please warm some o the milk in the billy, and let him have it f ron) the bottle." As if to confirm the writer's judgment, tn baby kicked his heels, screwed himself into small, purple heap, and yelled passionately. '•Pore little cow, he's starvin' " said SjittW- THE NEW SYDNEY EXPRESS TRAIN. A FIRST-C.LASS CARRIAGE. a. camp fire was still burning. Snifter poured ,f0f the milk into a pannikin and set it on "embers, and in a few minutes he was sitin the' waggon, his legs in the locker, with habv in his lap, and the tiny pink stranger clicking vigorously at the rubber tube, makfp for lost time. He was a very small i indeed—a mite with big brown eyes—but -st as his great roaring had made evident, -tie' was the picture that confronted 'Umpy tL o'clock in the morning, when he mountjL footboard and ducked his head into the tod •n-aegon. Snifter had not heard the boss ! was too absorbed—and for a few moments imv trapcd at the babv. It was not an easv °rter to astonish Toramv the Hawker, or at tfto m akp ,lini hctTav astonishment: but at • moment he was dumbfounded, and showed '?n eVPrv line of his ciuntenq.nce. .I^ere in the name of all the devils did you f t y t h e gasped. Snifter Ionised un. dullv. "Where'd I get it ? if von didn't know. There was er prettv t> fllav on or cove. Why, his jills might . puffercated." iTPhprp 1be blazes did you ^t that kid ? ripil Tflmmv. ' Snifter looked into his face, nnd saw that the mazemeH was genuine. "D'ver mean t' sav n« npvpr nut 'i™ i" tbor locVrr*>" he asked. cryi'i'. 'n' T found Mm in 'ere on pr sViirl o. ' th" locker !" 'Umnv crent in and snimthr the onen locker. storing at the babv In the locker !" be reneat»d. "A stowawav. Ws n bricrht lookout." The HawW *at in ;lence ami be and Snifter stared stondilv at he babv whose lame, dark, unblinking eves "rpfWed on the candle flame. "A stowawav!" ,iii tte Hawker again. "Let me see now." P Qnjzprl tlie ranflle. and dinned down into the -frr and nrosentlv an exeliimatinn broke from ic lins. TT " reappeared with a, couple of le.t- ;„ bond One was addressed "To the WVer." the other to "Mr. Harrv flohb. Hermis jjnrrpv Partv." Tommy opened the first. ^ r : , , .•Oh for God's sake and in pity's name, Mr. awker, be good to my baby boy. If I did not t him nwav mv father would kill him. Leave p wit'i the Wesleyan clerevman at Snringer's rprk and tell him I will come for him in a av or two. Help a poor, distracted girl. I ill come as soon as I can get awav. have kdt him from my father's sight ,11 nn\v. but mv case is desperate. Di his for me. and I'll prav the Almightv to bless „n ill vmir days. At. Snrineer's ask where pr?ld's Survev Partv is. and nut the address t, the aecomnanvin<r letter. Oh. be kind, and n this small thine, and save a distracted mo- "K wbn has no mother of her own." 'Umpy read the. disjointed missive through toe times, and sat musing, turning the other rtfor over and over in his hand. "Well," said Snifter, impatiently, "wha's ther utin' erbout ?" Tommy gave no answer. He is' lost in thought for four or five minutes, en lie said : "Where did we leave the waggon after 1 sold shirts to the men on the new bridge ?" "We never left it," said Snifter, promptly. "Not while "we were at dinner ?" "At M'Key's !" yelled Snifter. "P.. .cisely, 'Enery James. What a brain he has ! At M'Key's we had dinner in the kitchen, and for half-an-hour the waggon stood unguarded at the side of the house. The youngster must have been given a sleeping draught, and Annie M'Key " Here, greatly to Snifter's disgust, 'Umpy's reflections trailed into incoherency. Snifter knew M'Key well. They had called at his homestead many times, and the boy had marked the i big, grim, silent Scotchman as a man to be treated with very proper respect. He recalled the white-fated, unsmiling daughter— not with anv idea of piecing together a case, but because 'Umpy's words had opened an old train of sentimental thought. Snifter was something of a dreamer, and in his fertile mind he had been a knight of romance, and had often rescued Annie M'Key from her grim father and" her miserable lot at Cobblestone. 'Umpy was following ud his evidence in silence, piecing tot-ether words and phrases, things he had heard this trip and things he had seen on previous trips. It was not half-an- hour later when the hawVer had decided on a line of action. "Harness in the nags. Snifter," he said, decisively. "Wha' ! 're we goin' t' move on in ther middle iv ther night ?" "We are. 'Enerv : and at a good bat. too." 'Umnv returned the babe to its locker, and nrese'itly the waggon was on its way again. For the greater nart of the next dav the Waeenn was a travelling nurserv, and "Umnv and Snifter managed the babv verv well indeed, seein"- that thev were very inexperienced wet-nurses. Snifter was an exemplary nursemaid, and didn't mind how much he nursed the kiddie, so long as he was not caught, in the act bv 'ribald stranwrs. But it was not 'Umnv's intention to niiMisb the fact that he was travelling with a little stowawav.' so the nurse kent in the back of the waggon, and the flaps were down. At half-nast two thev camped. 'Umnv nut the babv in the best trim, wrote a note which be ninnrnl t.o it.c dross, and taking the feedingbottle i" bis nofVet and thp ebild in bic arms, br« set off through the bush on foot, without a "inorlf. wnr<i to Snifter. Ho returned emnt.vqnd firnod thr> horns' h^ads towards Snr'n^er's Cre^k t.ownshin, still without a word to Snifter, and the bov's wrath was dcen and bitter. After an hour's angry silence Snirter exnloded. "Thn Vjddie was 07 much mine ez vonrs anvbow," he cried. "I found Mm. 'Loosin's. findin's. seekin's. keepin's !' What rierht, 'iv vou t' go off with mv babv 'n' never arsk me ?" " 'Enerv Ingham," said the hawker, softly, "shut uu !" "Will T shut ii" ! How d' I know what vou've did with Mm ? Ycr er bloomin' kidnapner." " 'Enery. if vou so much as breathe the word 'babv' at Springer's I'll make you that you won't want to sit on anything for a year." "Ah-h ! yeh talk !" snorted the boy. At Springer's 'Umpv added a line to the ad- dress, and posted the second letter. Then he turned the horses' heads and drove off. and heaven only knew where he was going. At any rate Snifter didn't, and Snifter was simmering with curiosity. 'Enery bore curiosity badly—it made him irritable—and he soliloquised aloud all the way to Herald's Camp, and the burden of his soliloqiuy was an impeachment of his master, his manners and customs, his personal appearance and his peculiar morals. It was eight at night when they drew up in the vicinity of the surveyors' camp, and 'Umpy unharnessed in a leisurely way, while the boy lit the fire and swung the billy. Tommy was feeding the horses when Herald, the surveyor, approached and engaged him in conversation. "Nothing new happening around here ?" asked the hawker. "Nothing," was the reply. "It's the same old tale with us. We had a flood last week and a bushfire this ; but neither is new." "The boys in fettle ?" "Yes ; they're across at Barnard's homestead : all hut Cobb—he's complaining of things in and between, and has gone to bunk." "Hum !" said Tommy. Herald was going to Barnard's himself. He mentioned cards to induce the hawker to accompanv him ; but for once it seemed Tommy was too wearv even for a gamble. After tea the hawker strolled over to Cobb's tent and called the voung man's name. "Who's there ?" answered a petulant voice. "Tommy the Hawker. I want to have a word with vou." "Oh, go to the devil." Tommv undid the tent flap, and struck a match. What he saw was a handsome, fairhaired, athletic young man sitting on the edge of his bunk, the picture of lone despair, nursing a sleeping infant. "Heaven and earth and Jumping Mo ! What have you got there ?" cried the hawker. "Light the candle," said Cobb, abandoning himself to his despair. "Here's a pickle for a man to be in. I found this in my bunk when I came in from work this evening." He held out the baby. ^ "You don't say!" ejaculated 'Umpy. "What the deuce are you going to do with it ?" "Do with it ?—drown it ! Poor i'ittle beggar, ' he said, assuming a softer voice, and looking down at the tiny, peaceful face. "Ho, ho !" cried Tommy, "that..is . paternal solicitude. You know so: "Yes, I suppose I do thunder did it get hen "The mother?" "She's miles away. Cobblestone. There note on the yowif' ster that let me know 'th&fc; j>lajn_ enough..^.t-Iow did she come all this distaifce ^ (git<J Voir^ my word I Jiad no idea he was in the world or li*e'v to be Poor little mite." "Poor girl !" said 'Umpy. Cobb looked up sharply, and his eve encountered the hawker for a moment, then he nodded his head. "Yes." he said, "poor girl !" "Do the other lads in camp know of thts ? "Know it ! What do you think ? I've done my darnedest to keep it from them, and I must get away with it to-night. Life wouldn't be liveable here if those beggars knew. They'd chaff the soul out of a man." Tommy conferred with Cobb for over an hour. He was very sympathetic. Cobb confided to him the n^mc of the mother, and after that the hawker dwelt upon poor Annie's hard life, her gentle heart, her sweetness, her sorrows, her good looks. "Think what that poor girl would be with six months of happiness- and easy living. She'd blossom into a splendid woman. But there she is. a slave to cows and to that cast-iron, money* grubbing, Caledonian 1 fattier of hers. Take her o'it of it, man ; do the square thing by her. You'd never regret it." Still Snifter's wonder grew. He found himself journeying back to Springer's Creek before midnight. and in the waggon with them went. Cobb and the missing infant. At Springer's Cobb found the letter waiting for him. A letter that made him cry like a boy. "For two weeks she kept the baby about the place in one or the huts, caring for him and for herself, and doing her work without a soul knowing her secret. She sent him awav. intending to follow as soon as possible. She did not know how to find me." It was Tommy the Hawker who drove out to Cobblestone in a light trap, smuggled Annie from her father's home, and brought her in to the township. "You'll see your baby," he said. And at the dramatic moment he led her to Harry Cobb, who met her with their child in his arms. 'Umpv loved a dramatic climax, but, he ran awav from this one, and when Snifter saw Annie acain she was Mrs. Cobb, and a plump, rosv smiling woman. Snifter could not understand vhv she tried to kiss Tommy's hand, and why 'Umnv hoped to heaven Cobb was not. going to shoot him for the low-down trick be had nlaved, but Cobb was not at all vindictive. Possiblv b ; s nleacant. frame of mind was due 1o the fact that M'Kev had died intestate, and left a farm and stock worth a small fortune. '"Ennrv. I ought to be canonised," said'Umpv lhat night. "T d'inno what, vch moan." answered 'Enerv "but it was like vcr blinded clieeV t' rnve my nipper t' them Cnhbs. T saw him firsl." OTvst Tom " Plavforrl lias col into hot wator in Adminicle. Ho wanted 1<1 irrt on to the Anti-Socialist hunch. Labour momliers purposed onlv r'iimin«r two candidates. in order to jrivo him a chanc" for 1ho third R n at, but wlion 11ipv board of Ibis thov put. tliroe m»n inio tlie field. 'Hioro nro only two Fodoral nnrtios in South Auctnlin—T.abnuritos and R n idH,ps. M'nivt^rs have no machine to mnkp Senators. "Honest Torn " will havp to ficlit sinpflc-handod. TTis associate Minister Senator Keatinp" has been more cute. The I^alrour Teacrues have only put up two candidate in the ticrht. little island. Smiling Tveatinor will he the third. For what it is worth, he will get a Home Rule T,abour vote. 