THE disasters which have befallen oar neigh boars in the Hill End and Fotnina portion pi this district, through the nvogefe caused by the recebt bash fires, should enlist the «#ni^tbjr of evtery member of oar c0tbmiimlj. : ' v We amnot call it charify to aasistihosp in such dire extremities as tbey are ealled. apaa to suffer—it is simply oar daty to help than. That no public movement has yet been made in Moe on behalf of those who have been completely ruined for the timebeing reflects little credit upon our townsmen, seeing that Willowgrove, Trafalgar and Tarragon have taken the initiatory steps to raider aid by holding public meetings and forming committees. Have we no men in Uoe "whose hearts beat warmly for others' woes" ? Who among them will rise to the occasion and take stops in the direction here mentioned. Let'it not be siiid that we are devoid of all instincts of common humanity and brotherly duty. It is only those who wear the shoe knows where it pinches. Letns place ourselves in the position of those who only a few weeks since were surrounded with happy homes and promising crops—which are today bnt a mountain of ashes—and reflect how we would accept such treatment under similar circumstances. We hope that those who can best afford it will " losen their f urse-strings" and thus assist our more unfortunate neighbours. It is drilled into our ears from the pulpits that the race for greed is undermining and warping onr sympathy towards our fellowman. Now is the time to show, in a practical manner, that we are alive to our obligations to those in dire need through DO fault of their own. We have no occasion to graphically en ter into all the sorrowing details in connection with the fires in this district, for it is sufficient for those who have endured the te rible ordeals during the conflagrations without recalling the same to their minds, which Time alone can eradicate. Fate has, indeed, been hard against the aforesaid settlers, as the greater majority of them have been struggling against all sorts of vicissitudes for very many years, in order to build homes for themselves and families in the primeval forest, and which, when nearing completion, in one swoop have been ruthlessly snatched from them. Let it not be said against Uoe, now that our neighbours are, figuratively speaking, asking for bread that in answer to their appeal we are offering them stone. " Who," we ask, among our townsmen, going to take the initial step in calling a public meeting in Moe T Echo answers " Who T Shire Council meeting on Friday next. Tbe Government has set aside £1000 for the assistance of sufferers by tbe bush fires. Miss Carrie Amor has been accepted as.. an approved pupil in the continuation school in Melbourne for course of two years' training for the position of junior teacher. A Rifle dub has been formed at Willowgrove, with a members' roll of 30\. A target is to be erected in suitable spot. With such a strong commencement the success of the newclub is assured. Mr E. J. Fowler has disposed of his well-known hotelkeeping property, "Ye Kynge's Amies," in the township of Nee rim South, at a satisfactory figure—through Mr Hansen. The purchaser iB Mr Morgan, who hails from Cunningbame. Tbe Shire Secretary (Mr B. Langford) received notice on Thursday afternooon that the council's overdraft loan had been successfully floated at £101 17a 6d, which is considered very satisfactory. The loan was effected through Messrs Byron Moore, Somerville and Day, The Exchange, Mel bourne. Mr James Hamilton, who is at the present time employed by M Titos. Cromb, of' Westbuiy, narrowly escaped being bitten by a snake the other week. He was gathering some brushwood for the disposal of the carcase of a calf, when, an:. placing his band upon a Jog, a snake made a dart at him. He was fortunate; enough to get out of the reptile's way, which was eventually killed, and measured 5ft 6in. A presentation, on behalf of members of the Central and West Gippsland Rifle Clubs' Union, will be made to Mr J. King, of Moe, on the occasion of a eocial and presentation, which is to be tendered that Uf0hi man at Moe prior to his departure for Melbourne. Mr King officiated as handicapper to the Union, and satisfaction at the way in which the work was carried out is expressed in every quarter. The following was omitted from tbe Secretary's report to the annual meeting of parishoneis of the Anglican Church, which report was published our last ' issue:—The Sunday School, under the .superintendence of Mr Gardell, has made gratifying projLnk? Inst.TbeLediea" I 6und has the year, bang the warden, idinamsiow working S to reduce ebt OD the - new organ. I Messrs Jennings ft McInnes wiH conduct abofsesale at tiieir Trafalgar yards on the 19th February. See advt. Mesas Trood Bros, dentists, will visit Thorpdale and Narracan on the 14th inst, and Trafalgar on the 24th inst Mr A. Erench, registered surgeon dentist* wiU pey his flsual visit to Moe on Tueaday, 6th pn>K, when be may be consulted at Mr H. Long's dub Hotel of the committee of the Institute was held on sight last, tbe newly-elected president (Mr T. Haigh) occupying the chair. About tbe only busicesa transacted was the passing for payment of one or two accounts. On - Thursday afternoon last, Mr. Richard Sullivan met with a painful accident whilst unloading cream at the Mde factory. He was standing on the floor of his cart, and was in the act of lifting a can when the horse made a move forwards, with the result that " Dick",was thrown to the ground, the vessel felling upon his Je/i. spraining one of hie ankles and bruising the leg. Dr. iPheips attended the patient. It seems somewhat strange that tbe time of the police shouid just now be occupied in collecting statistics, in place of exercising themselves in the way of endeavouring to " run to earth" offenders in the direction of the careless use of fire. The people, as a whole, should protest against this and other work bong thrown upon the shoulders of the police, during the execution of which the former are invariably left totally unprotected The late Sir William Ramsay, presiding at a banquet, remarked : — " We Scotch richly deserve to hae a guid conceit o'oorsels." For one thing we take a commonsense view of our fellow-creatures and their idiosyncrasies, as witness the story of the worthy who appointed three executors, an Irishman, an Englishman, and a Scotchman and charted each to put £5 in his coffin. The Irishman put in a note, and the Englishman five sovereigns, but Scotchman put in a cheque for £15, and lifted out the £10 in r- change. When coming from the northern districts on tbe 23rd, Mr Cbas. Collins' 8 team of pack-horses had to pass through the bush-fires, and the saddle on one of the horses caught fire. The animal was tsrrified and bolted along the cutting. Mr Fred Collins galloped up alongside the bolting horse, and managed to cut the girth with his pocket knife, thus realeasing the saddle. The incident, if recorded in 'Tales of the Wild West," would not be reoeived with any degree of credulity ; it is a fact, however. Hie horse received «ome burns, and the remains of the pack saddle may bp Been in Collins's stable. Messrs Cuming. Smith and. Co's, "Sickle Brand" manures and rabbit poisons are nan eo well-known by reason of their excellent qualities that it is hardly necessary to point out to oar readers the special care and attention tbe company give to every article that leaves their works. A full staff of agricultural chemists is kept for the purpose of analysing the company's fertilisers, and no expense or trouble is spared to see that the goods leave the works in first-class mechanical condition, and that tbe company's high analyses are maintained. The firm's rabbit poisons are alsj of the very highest quality. The company has a high and enviable reputation for reliability in carrying out all they undertake. An Electoral Revision Court was held at Moe on Thursday last, Mr C. A. Creswell, P.M., presiding. Mr Goodwin, Electoral District Registrar, asked that a number of names be expunged from the General and Ratepayer's Lists, which appeared in more than one place on same. A number of christian names were rectified. The proceedings were got through in record time, thanks to tbe able assistance of Mrs J. C Buchanan (Trafalgar). Mr C. H. Williams (Willowgrove), deputy officers, and the shiie secretary (Mr B. Langford). There were two names on the list ("Michael Walsh, Yarragon," and "Michael Wabh, Trafalgar"), which were allowed to remain in case the same were not identical. A correspondent writes us saying that it is hardly creditable to believe that we are living in an era of Christianity, as only a few days since a colored man was passing through a r town, not a hundred miles from Moe, the day being a scorcher—when he called at a homestead and politely asked for a drink of water. He was refused and hunted off the premises, so the writer says. If the statement be true, and we have no occasion to doubt the veracity of our correspondent, all that we can say is that the individual referred to must be an outand-outer for a White Australia. The colored brother, however, can take consolation in the belief that there is as much room in Heaven for him as them is for the white man. Let us all remember that our Redeemer was a colored man. A Woman named Emily Leach was presented at the Dronin Police Court cm Wednesday, before Messrs J. G. Young and J. J. Winters, J'e.P., on a charge of being drunk and disorderly and using obscene language in a public pins. Accused was Sound in the scrub opposite Lawson's house on Tuesday evening, and (mated such a disturbance that Constable Wdlwood was sent for. On his appearance, the ^ to use very abusive with the result that she was She resisted for some time, and a barrow liad to be procured in to take far to tbe lockup. She and pn the first charge 10s or in defult 3 dayB ; on a . ettt^'dittos;'* tbeiae of £5 was tetfed, m'dj&ijlrofre; mouth in die .*— FITWIW. A meeting of those ladieB willing to assist in the matter of balding a social and presentation prior to Mr J. King's departure is called for this (Tuesday) afternoon. We are pleased to note that Master Geoffrey Longford, a pap3 attending the Sloe State School, bas passed the scholarship examination. * Geoffrey' is 13J years of age, therefore his performance is a highly creditable one, and also reflects credit on his teacher (Mr J. King). In drawing attention to Miss Gale's ad vertisement, appearing in another "Jnmn would remark that Dr. Phelps intnmQ us that Miss Gale has had exceptional advantages in studying her instrument hi Gippstand and Melbourne; and that he considers ber a sound teacher, and unequalled as an executant oatei de the big centres. An interesting exhibit of "Australian manufacture from an Australian product" has been secured by Mr E. J. Dunn, geological director of the Mines department, from G. Atkins, of Tanjil. It consists of a whitewash brush made out of a small strip of stringy bark. The only "foreign matter introduced is a narrow strip of tin at the neck of the brush. The handle has been filed down, and the brush itself made by a careful oombingout of the fibres. The exhibit is to be sent to the Exhibition-building, to" take its place among the more elabo rate evidences of Australian skill.— " Argus." Mr Catani, accompanied by Mr Campbell (botanist) visited the country out towards Mount Toronga and the Baw Baws on a tour of inspection week or so ago. Tiiey spent several" days in the mountains and adjacent country taking observations, with a view of seeing whether the country was worth opening up by means of roads. The partv was conveyed to Dusrsantown by Mr Fowler, and thence by pack-horses, along with their tent, etc., to the various places they visited. They had a rough time during their tour, and Mr Catani speaks in favourable terms of some of the country in the remote parts inspected. Mr Fowler met the two Government officcials on the return journey, and drove them to Warntgul on Mou Jay to catch the Melbourne train.— 1 " Xeerim Star."' Messrs Burgees and Stewart, representatives of the Seventh Day Adventists, have be a n conducting mission services in a large inarque in Lloyd street. Moe. for the past four weeks, their visit terminating on Wednesday evening last. At the conclusion of the discourse on the above night, the following address was presented to the visitors : —To Messrs Burgess and Stewart. Gentlemen, — On the eve of vour departure from Moe, we desire to express our wish that by the Grace of God you will be long spared to cany on the good work you have in hand, which is the means of shedding lustre on that Book of Books (the Bible). As regular attendants at your discourses since your advent into this town it is no small satisfaction far you to know, at the close of your laboura, . that spiritually you have enlightened us upon many of the teachings of the Bible, which were hitherto almost a blank in "our minds. Your practical illustration and clear and distinct enunciation of the word of God, as laid down by Him. has vividly pourtrayed in a lucid and intellectual manner to our understanding that only by closely and diligently studying His example "in the walks of life on thiB earth can we hope and expect everlasting happiness hereafter. We trust that whereever you may pitch your tent your discourses will receive that earnest attention which you are certainly entitled to expect. Trusting that our friendship may be renewed oh some future occasion, and that God will spare you to con tine your work in his Garden, we are, dear sirs, yours faithfully, [Here follow a large number of signatures.] We are informed that a movement has been initiated by a number of settlers on the lower end of die Moe Swamp to take definite steps to provide a flow of water along certain holdings during the dry season of the year, such water to be employed for irrigation purposes. The idea iB to construct a drain continuing from the one now running at the back of their holdings and carry it along to a point near the 8-mile, and BO tap Shady Creek, which carries a continual stream, of water into the main drain. A box drain is to be constructed at the inter section of the two streams, and by the aid of a sliding-door the course of the water may be diverted into the new channel when required. No doubt the scheme reads well on paper to the interested parties, but we do not for a moment think the Department of Public Works will acquiesce to such a proposal, which is simply unfair to the settlers on thi6 end of the Swamp, a number of whom have interviewed us and pointed out very strongly the injustice of the action of the movers in attempting to divert the their own benefit, without the slightest consideration of the inconvenience and injury it will most certainly do to those residents on the lower holdings. Those settlers living at the eastern end of the main drain are very often dependent upon the water from tbe main drain for watering their cattle, and also for domestic purposes, to say nothing of depriving them of water for irrigation. If irrigation is to be resorted to let it be done in a manner fair to all. and carried out under the control of a properly constituted board. There has been no time in the histoiy of the dairymen in this State. when water rights sbonld be protected more than at the present, seeing that the provisions of the Dairy Supervision Act are of eueh a stringent character in regard to cleanliness that it is essential we should now bare more water than ever to canply with the new Act Shady <3redt is <be natural feeder to the main drain on tbe Swamp during the dry season, consequently it is hoped tto Depattinent will stay its band befare it granto the request made by the Bottlers-on the lower end of the Swami and in die meanwhile ascertain au'te Iarsabout thetnatter,and,«sjBL-— do pear® says, "Let j » n ®> though the hemH&n.;" Wiflowgrove suffered a crushing defeat on Saturday, when Westbury scored 96 against the former's 33 It is said that the word "obey" the marriage service of one of the Methodist Churches in America bas been changed to "keep." The bride will now be called upon to "love, honor, and keep" her husband. Big families are still known. A mother, fined in London for notsending one of her children regularly to school said she had had 27 children. Nine had died, one bad married, leaving seventeen te be clothed and fed out of her husbands scanty earnings. Pare Is THE STOMACH There is no need of being annoyed by pain in die stomach. A dose of Chamberlain's Colic, Cholera and Diarrhoea Remedy will promptly relieve you. For bale bv T. Trr loar and Co., Sloe.® The Premier has decided that instructions be given to the police in country districts to receiveapplications from farmers who want men, and forward particulars to the Lauor Bureau, so that men searching for work should know where to go. Also that a book be kept, in which particulars .of the class of labor required J should be recorded. • * SotrennsG Is WBOVG. Vour head ache?, yon feel doll and generally miserable, perhaps you are bilious, your system needs cleansing. Take a dose of Chamberlain's Stomach and Liver Tablets and the work is done They are easy to take and prompt and pleasant in effect. For sale by T. Treloar and Co., Moe.* It will be pleasing news to many of our readers to learn that the Trafalgar brass band is free of debt. The band has only been in existence some nine or ten months, and the whole of the instruments and other property have been paid for and a small credit balance remains in hand. Even the warmest supporters of the band did not anticipate such a satisfactory result in so a short time. The delivery of telegrams in Trafalgar, which has been decided on by the Postal department at the request of the progress association, will prove very convinent to the public, and if the efforts of the association to secure a midday delivery of letters are unavailing, a public petition to the department would probably have the desired effect. A letter delivery would save an immense lot of time and inconvenience. The recent bush fires in the Furaina country have covered hundreds of 6quare miles of country with a thick layer of ashes, which would form a plendid bed for grass seed and clover If the Public Works department supplied the seed and got it sown by the unemployed, there would soon be a fine sole of grass all over the burnt country, which would doubtless serve as an inducement to settlers to take up the land recently opened up by Government roads. The grass would grow with such a start after the first rain, and the cost would not be great. THI Dma Knows ITS Vute. A. mercLant always aims to please his customers and when he finds that an article has genuine merit, be never "hesitatesto recommend H. Mr 1L links, a storekeeper at Carboar, K5.W, , Bays : "I never fail to recommend Chamberlain's Colic, Cholera and Diarrhoea Remedy, because I know it is good." You make no mistake when you buy this medicine. Dealers all over the country will tell you the same thing. It has been in constant use for thirty-fire years, and is undoubtedly die safest and best medicine on the market for pain in the stomach, diarrhoea and dysentery. For sale by T. Treloar & Co., Moe.® —"Guardian." 