, BUSH TIRES. An extensive bush fire raged last week near Uran quinty, Mr. Angel lost 1500 acres of grass. The losses also include: Mr. T. Bobbins, 50 acres of grow ing crops, and nearly all his grass; Mrs. Temple, 50 acres of crop; Mr. George Burgess, hay shed, stable, and two hay stacks; Mr. T. Lloj'd, 225 acres of grass; Mr. George Sharpe, 40 acres of grass; Mrs. Rynehart, 280 acres of erass: Mr. Lawrence Conway, about 100 acres of grass on Mooroong estate, and about 30 acres of grass; Mrs. Lowghlin, 80 acres of grass; Mr. James Henwood, about 100 acres of grass. Also a quantity of grass on the travelling stock reserve. Only 150 sheep survived out of a mob of 2000 that were entrapped in a bush fire on Mr. A. C. Tom's property, near Parkes, referred to in the report of the first last week, many having perished since. Fires near Condobolin spread through Mr. W. R. Moulder's settlement lease, and on to Messrs. Thomas Brothers' Wardry station, where its further progress was blocked by burning1 on to burnt country left by the recent bushfire. Messrs. Thomas Bros, lost 5000 acres of grass, in addition to 12,000 acres by the pre vious fire on Sunday. The same fire crossed the river at Booberoia but burned on to a barren plain, and was easily got out. During the holidays several outbreaks of five oc curred in the Coolamon district. One started out on Smoky Creek about Guthrie's and Charles U'Kinnon's, but was confined to grassy paddocks owing to the large number of willing hands available from all sides. Another outbreak occurred at PhilLs', near Ariah Park. From 20 to 30 acres of crops and one haystack were destroyed. A fire broke out last weeK on Roselet, Mr. AV. J. Newman's property, near Grenfell, burning crops grass, sheds, and fences. Extending from Mr. Kew man's to the Pinnacle holding, the fire burnt 200 acres of crop and a lot of grass. They had great difficulty in saving the homestead. It is also reported that Mr. W. Goods, adjoining the Pinnacle, lost his crops and grass. Mr. John Campbell, farmer, near Gulgong, has been burnt out, losing his stacks and improvements. He saved his house. The loss is estimated at £300, and is not covered by insurance. An outbreak occurred last week on Newlands, Mr. W. Crampton, owner, near Condobolin. The fire started near the eastern boundary, and burned about S00 acres of grass and 100 acres of wheat crop on Kewlands, besides fencing and SO sheep. The fire crossed the Lachlan to Burrawang, where considerable damage was done. It then burned along the river and recrossed at Borambil, where it was got under without doing much damage. On Thursday evening, while several persons were burning a break at New lands, the fire got away and burned about 2500 acres of Newlands grass. The outbreaks on Mr. Crampton's pro perty' were all put out before much damage had been done. ' A bush fire at Toogong, near Molong, completely destroyed A. Irvine's crop, representing 1G0 bags: also 201 acres of grass on Derowri station. The building's on the latter place, with the exception of a shed, were saved. A fire broke out on Byron station, near Invcroll, on Boxing Day in a hut occupied by a married couple named Croft. The flames spread to the butcher's shop and store, then to a stack of hay.- The whole of the buildings mentioned, as well as the hay, were con sumed. The buildings were insured, but Croft and D. Grimes, another employee, who occupied a room off the store, lost everything. Special precautions are being taken to render the railway lines in the Wagga district immune from fire. For some time past men have been burning off all grass, and making breaks alongside liie fence, this system being pursued all along the lines tlown to Sydney. The work has acted satisfactorily in the past. The bush, fires that started last week on Mr. AW .7. Newman's Roselea property, near Grenfell, was still burning in the Wheogo mountains on Saturday, hav ing travelled many miles,' destroying 30,000 ' acres of grass, crops, fences, hay, and sheds. The follow ing are 6ome of the properties the fire went through: — Mr! W. J. Newman's Pinnacle station, Mr. CoJin McLaren's, Mr. Joseph Hancock's, Mr. John Flinn's and Mr. W. Good's. Another big fire occurred at Goonigal, doing a lot of damage to crops, grass, and fencing, Messrs. O'Reilly, McKeown, and Culgon being heavy losers. There were 50 men fighting this fire for about three days. Heports of outbreaks of fires are being received from all round the Jerilderie district, but fortun ately, not much damage has been done. The great est loss reported is 5000 acres of grass on Toganmain station last Thursday. 