PREVENTION OF BUSH-FIRES. The icriecm o! the poor daring which bush fires an to bo feared baa ti«w begun, nod we have been requestod by tho Government to invite attention to the matter, and to express the lir-po that nil dosses of the community will combine to psevent, as for as possible, any rccurreneo of the fires which do vnatotcd Inrgw tracts of country ntx ul this time last pear, and inflicted heavy lours upon settler far and wide. Government ofltocn stationed at tho country havo been instructed to old in tho desired direction as far as possible, but the question as to whether toy district shall be Immune from oat- breaks of fire In reality rests with tho local residents themselves, and on tlelr good sense and judgment the Govern ment confidently rdus. It is hoped that steps will bo taken to form Fire Brigades la appronrinto centres, and that a well-organised plan of campaign will be arranged for adop tion in tto event of there being out breaks of fire. Tho nuestloa ol the causes, and also of the Iwst steps to take with a view to rheckmsr tbo spread of bush fires, was exhaustively investigated at tho instance of tho Government lost year, aim! frnm tho reports obtained it is clear tbni hush Arcs are generally, 11 not invariably, to bo prevented by proper earo In certain directions by residents In eounlry districts. Vosi prominent among tho causes of bush fires was shown to ho tho corelrss uiv> of wax matches, anil it Is hop.'d that the general publlo will farther tho object in view by refraining from , carrying wax matches, as far as pos- Rlhlo, or carefully oxtbitrulehlng thoin j when Mrr ohjeot for which thev hava been lit has been attained. Bo im portant' a factor in tho quentlon of bush fires aro wax matches believed to be, that tho- Government has 'thought It advisablo to appeal to country storekeepers to refrain from seUinc them during the summer months and to stock only wooden matches, and H Is hoped that the community at largo trill discountenance tho uso of wax matches during tbo summer months, n view of the disastrous results to bo feared from them In careloss and Irre- ponslblo hands. i It is generally believed that tho n«o 1 of phosphorus for poisoning rabbits is another prolific causo of bush fires, hut tho Investigations conducted seem to show that danger need only ta feared from phosphorus bolts core- fesftlv prepared. ' Under the circumstances, tho Govern ment appeal to pastoralists and others using phosphorus baits, to mix them with proper care. In order thnt all danger may bo obviated. Machine- mixers ore sold for preparing and cutting up the bait, which minimises tho risk Incurred by hand-mixing, and, In addition, properly prepared baits, ready for uio may bo obtained from reliable firms. The preparation of firo-brcaks. for tho purpose of preventing the spread of fires, cannot be too strongly recommended. Tho difficulty of sofoly I boning, tbs srraas ofUr U becomes dry (enough fs fally reoognlsed, .but with lbs use of grass firasxtlnculsbers and property - made beakra— wniqh- should, be a nat pioee of stout raw hide, cut egg-shape, and attached to a handle- lbs operation can bo safely performed, if a suitable day is chosen. 14 may bo mentioned that tho Railway Commit- sloncrs are taking steps to bum the ' grass alohg tbo railway lines, with a. view fo preventing tbo possibility of hush fires from sparks or cinders from locomotive. Around each homestead there should be a good wide fizebelt, and fences should also be protected in tho soma way. The grass firo-oxUflguis her— that is to nay, a tank on wboels. with nforo» pump and hose attachment— Is the brat means ol coping with a bush firs when ones It bas started; and tho pro vision of such appHauoes In appronri nto centres is strongly reeommendou. 