The- Bush Fires. Damage in the North-West. Barrington and Spreyton Fires. SEBIOUS LOSSES. Further particulars respecting the Barrington and South Spreyton conflagra tions show that not for eight years has the bush-fire-fiend raged so relentlessly. About a fortnight previous many dis tricts, from Wilmot to Melrose, and through Paloona, as well as South Sprey ton, were scorched. But on Wednesday the Barrington district fared badly, caus quite a panic. Forth gully, to the rear of Mr J. Ellings' farm, and, fanned by a strong wind, swept up the hill, causing danger to several properties in a few minutes. Mr J. Carpenter's stable was tbe first building to go ; almost simultaneously, Mr Nevin's barn, which contained about 800 bushels of grain, burst into flame. Had it not been for the many willing workers who were quickly on the spot, the home stead and other buildings must have been destroyed. The heat was so intense that one of the helpers pouring water on the stable fell off in a faint. To make matters worse in this case, Mrs Nevin, who has been under medical treatment, received such a shock that she is now in a critical state. Meanwhile Mr John Hegarty fared nearly as bad. The Barrington Company's threshing plant just left him in the morning. Straw, etc., were littered about, thus rendering it an easy prey. All outbuildings, barn (with 300 bushels of oats and his year's hay), stable, pigsties, etc., were swept away in a few minutes, and it was with difficult that the house was saved. In the afternoon at three o'clock there was not a sign of fire save the smoke in the murky distince. Then the wind sprang up and soon gained the force of a gale. It stopped the threshing machine engaged at Mr T. Reeves', and Mr Robert son's men, noticing the signs of fire to the south, started thither. They arrived at Mr J. Hegarty's in time to rush out with bag after bag of oats till about a hun dred were safe. The rest was burned. There must have been some 50 men gathered at the Barrington fire centre to wards nightfall, and some 30 stayed over night engaged with water and bags, or with axe chopping down the trees that bore the fiery element of destruction. The night presented a beautiful, yet fearful sight. 