NEWS ANO NOTES. Sussex Roads Board—Tlie ordinary monthly meeting of the above board will take place in the Muincipal Chambers, to morrow afternoon. Buahfires.—During Tuesday after noon, Mrs. Fennell, of Medidup, near Newtown, had the misfortune to lose a quantity of stabling, sheds, and agricultural implements,-through a bushfire which broke out in close proximity to the homestead." The damage has been estimated at about £50. On Wednesday another large fire was "reported to have been raging between St. John's Brook, and the 11-mile post from Busselton. Plague Precautions.—In view of the outbreak of bubonic plagua at Perth, Fremantle, and Geraldton, the public would act wisely in adopt ing stringent precautions to prevent an outbreak occuring in Busselton. Vermin of all descriptions, and rats in particular, should- be destroyed. All refuse and rubbish likely'to har bor rodents should be prompt ly burned, and all articles for human consumption should be protected from their ravages. To a very large extent the existence of plague is the result of unclean habits and sur oundings, heoce it is the duty of each member of the community to see that they are so far as possible rendered immune, acting upon dhe lines indicated. A 'Dodge that Failed.—At the Municipal Council meeting on Wed nesday evening, one Sam Lung made application to be allowed to place a signboard over the footpath in'front of his premises. Knowing that the signboard referred to had already been erected, councillors, generally, indulged in cynical smiles as the town clerk read the application, and it was not surprising to find no little opposition to the request. CT. Pros ser urged that the practice of allow ing signboards all over the town was a mistake, and should be condemned. Cr. Russell followed in a similar strain, and characterised the placing of the board in position before ob tainiug permission, as an attempt to be " smart" on the part of the signwriter. That individual, it was asserted, had totd the Chinaman that when once the board was in position the Council had no power to cau se its rem oval. The board, more over, was of a flimsy description, badly fixed, and unsafe, the post bearing evidences of rottenness. Under the circumstances, he moved that an order be made- for the removal of the board within 24 hours. Cr. Prosser seconded, and the motion was carried. Cricket Club Dance—The mem bers of the Yallingup Cricket Club are holding another of their enjoyable dances in the Quindalup Agricultural Hall this evening. Residents of Bus selton or visitors are assured a hearty welcome. For particulars see ad vertisment. 