SIN THE SILENCE OF THE BUSH THE CHIDLOW'S WELL DIS COVERY.. THE INQUEST. The discovery eight 'days ago of human remains in the bush in Hum merston's paddock, near Chidlow's Well, has been' the subject of an inquiry, which has failed t9 produce any tan gible result. Yesterday, at Guildford, before Mr. J. C. Gill, J.P., and a jury of three, evidence was adduced by those who had first stumbled across the remains, but nothing was forthcoming to prove either the identity of the person con cerned or the probable cause c death. The medical testimony does not in any way support the theory .% of foul play, while the discovery among 1 the remains of what appears to be an ointment-box lends possibility to the suggestion that the owner. had suffered from an ,infliction of some description. Roy Williams, aged 14, said he was in Hummerston's paddock one Sunday ' about five weelks ago, kangaroo shoot ing with his biothers. Near a log, which had been burnt, they found the skull and bones (produced). They did 'not disturb anything, but upon reach ing home, told their mother of the dis covery. She told them they ought to report the matter to the police.' He had never heard of the bones being discovered before they had seen them on that Sunday. John Edward Williams a wood cutter, living, at Turner's siding, said hd was the eldest brother of the wit ness Roy Williams, and in company with him and another brother was in Hummerston's paddock- about five weeks ago, kangaroo shooting. In passing through the bush he saw a large log charred by fire. The skull (produced) was near the log. a little to the right. He also saw a thigh bone, partly covered with rotten clothing. He found other bones, and the penny (produced), which was in the same condition as when he saw it first. He did not re move any of the remains, but reported the matter to the police. Harry Matthews Jackson said he was a labourer, engaged in cutting timber in Hummerston's paddock. He remem bered Saturday. September 29, when he was cutting timber half-a-mile from Mr. Hummerston's honimstead. He hit a couple of blows into a tree and glanced along the'log. On .te west .sade he saw a skull. He then saw a piece of burnt rib and a tin-opener and boots, also what ap peared to be a leg-bone. He reported the matter to the Guildford police by telephone. He noticed a smaller log lying close to the larger one. He was of opinion that both logs were from the same tree, the smaller one being in a natusal position, and warranting the opinion that it had been cut from the larger lot. He considered that both logs had lain there for years, and that the tree had blown or burnt down. Dogs .were plentiful in the bush, and he thought that it was five years since the last bush-fire had occurred there. J. E. F. Stewart, medical practi tioner, Midland, Junction, said that on September 30, at ,the request of the police, he went to Chidlow's Well, to .a soot in the bush about two miles away. He .there saw in close proximity to a charred log a large collection of bones." The femur, or thigh-bone, was found near the log, and presented traces of lone exposure to the weather. The same remark would apply to the tibia, and to the portion of the pelvic bones. One of the exhibits was portion of the axis, while . other bones were the fibula, knee-caps, portion of the lower jaw (left half): por tiori of right upper jaw: small part of the upper of the left humerus. The frontal part of the skull was vere much damaged, most of the facial bones being missing, also a portion of the frontal bone. The cracks could have been caused by exposure or extreme :-, heat. It was a small skull, and care ,ful measurements had conduced to the opinion that it was probably that of a European or half-caste. He would positively state that the remains were those of a nmale, whose age might have been anything from 30 to 50 years. His height would not have been less than 5ft. 11in. In his opinion at least a year had elapsed since the bones had been deposited where they were found, and there was nothing to indicate that the fractures visible on the skull had bees caused during life. Thle scattered and broken state of .the remainder of the bones might have been caused by dogs. Detective J. L. Dempsey said that on Sunday, September 30, ie acconm pained Inspector Connell to Chidlow's Well. Constable Ginnor pointed out a spot in the bush shout two miles fromn Chidlow's Well where the human remains and other articles produced were lying. Thero was a largo charred log lying north and sout.h, beside which a smaller charred log was also lying. The human s:kull prodnced and the other bones were on the west side of the log, also the hoots produced. The boop.ts were about 6ft. apart., the right thigh bone was partly covered by a portion of rot ted trousers, and was about 12ft. from the skull, and about 4ft. from the west, side of the log. The hole of the other bhones wcro near the skull, though scat tered. The box produced which appear ed to have done service a5 an oilmen's box was near the right thigh bone: the pipe, tin-opener, and penny produced were under an open portion of tile log. It was about 18 inches from the ground to the log. Thi penny bore the date IF.i9. The whole of the fragments of clothing wore found inear the thigh bone; the fragments of hones were dis covered under the open portion of the log. On the west side of the log other hones marked U, V. and \V were found. One of these was about 12ft. from the log on the east side and had no other hones near it. The whole of the bones were much scattered and broken, as if caused by the dog., which were numuer ons in the district. hEverything was "left in the same position until the ar rival of Dr. Ferguson Stewart. who made an examination of the parts, which were then removed. The bush in this paddock hore evidence of fires having swept through it. Th'le lower part of the jaw was found near the log oil the west side. The n hole of the skull and hones appeared to harve been long exposed, and some of the bones wero very much hurnt. Since the dis covery, he had made searching investi gation, but had not heard of any per son having disappeared suddenly from the district. Means of identification which might have existed had been de stroyed by firs William Cosgrove said lie was a store keeper at Chidlow's Well, but was en gaged as a fettler on the railway be tween Chidlow's Well and Lion Mill, a distance of about three and three-quar ter miles. He had resided in the district about 13 years. He had never heard, during that time, of any person in the dlistrict. or adjoining districts, having disappeared suddenly. He know noth ing that could assist in the identification of the remains. In his opinion the re mains were not those of anyone who had resided permanently in the district. Dogs were very numerous about the bush, and had been so for the past 13 years. Richard Ernest Hummerston said he was the owner of the paddock wherein the remains were found. He resided at the homestead, which was about half a mile from the place where the discovery was made. He had owned the pro perty for about 10 years. During that time large numbers of ring-barkers and other bush hands had been employed. Mr. Vanzetti had once occupied and owned the homestead. He had never at any time missed any of his em ployees, and knew nothing that could assist towards the identity of the re mains. Previous to the discovery by Jackson, he had not been aware of their existence. Jackson was employed by him. Bush fires had frequently raged through the paddock. There was a Government dam about 440 yards noi-th of where the remains were dis covered. constructed about six or seven years ageo by the Works Department. Bush work was at the time going on in his paddock. A wayfarer, in search of employment, could have taken the track where the remains were found, although it would have been somewhat out of the way. Denis Flannagan said he was a timber hewer, residing at Chidlow's Well, and had been so engaged for about four and half years. He was now working in Humnler-tons paddock. He saw the human remains before the police removed them, also the large charred log and the smaller one. As an ex perienced timber hewer, lie thought the smaller log had been cut from the bigger one, and its position was, there fore, a ntural one. Both logs had lain there a number of years, while in his opinion the tree itself had been blown or burnt down. He had resided in the bush since boyhood- He knew nothing that could assist the inquiry. ' Stephen J. Connolly, contractor, resi dent at Lion Mill, said he had lived in the district for 24 years. He knew the paddock in which the remains were found, also the dam constructed by the Government. A great number of men had then been employed. He was not aware of any sudden disappearances, but frequently swagmen and others in search of employment passed through the districts of Lion 1Mill and Chidlow's Well. This was particularly the case during the construction of the dam, and while timber work was in progress at Humn?erston's paddock. 'There would not, in his opinion, be anything excep tional in a traveller passing through the locality where the remains were found. Ho had been in touch with a large num ber of workers in the district, but noth ing had ever come to his knowledge that would throw any light on the identity of the remains. In his opinion the re mains had never belonged to a resident of the district of Chidlow's Well or Lion Mill. C. Vanzetti said he was a clerk in the Crown Law Department. Perth. He knew the district of Chidlow's Well. His uncle E. Vanzetti. once lived there, hav ing owned Hammerston's block. He. had .frequently stayed with him. A number of Italians were then employed by his uncle as charcoal burners. 'He had no knowledge of any one of these nor of any person of the district having suddenly disappeared. He remembered one particularly severe bush fire about Christmas, 1900, which swept through the back of the paddock towards the dam. Some diftbulty was experienced in saving the homestead, and the whole of the .bush was burnt. At the request of Detective Dempsey, who conducted the inquiry, the inqrest Swas adjournedl sine die. 