TUESDAY’S BUSHFIRES. THE CONFLAGRATION IN THE LAL LAL AND MOUNT DORAN DISTRICTS. A DAY OF STRENUOUS FIGHTING. STATE SCHOOL SCHOLARS IN DANCER. (BY OUR OWN REPORTER.) A visit yesterday to that portion of the Lal Lal, Morrisons and Elaine dis trict which was ravaged by the bush fires on Tuesday revealed the fact that not only was the fire of much greater ■ proportions than was at first reported, but that some startlingly narrow es capes were experienced _ by those who spent the day in" fighting the flames. The track of the fire was plainly visible through .the country, and the ruins of Mr Parker's house on the hill stand as a grim monument to the severity of tlie visitation. The fire is said to have been caused by a spark from the engine of the morning train from Geelong to Ballarat. Just on the south-west side of the old lignite siding there is a fair ly deep cutting about a quarter of a mile long. Both sides of the outting were heavily grassed, and whon the fire first started it ran a hundred yards or so along the line, and the road, getting into Mr Dooley’s paddock on the south ■ west-. The paddock is an 80-acre one, ' and under gross. The line of fencing on the railway side was destroyed, as well as the railway reserve fencing for about a mile. The outbreak of the fire was observed by a platelayer’s son, named John o’Grady, who is positive that the fire was oaueed by the engine. Young O’Gvady made a plucky attempt to cope with the fire single-handed, but finding that ho wns making no headway, he ran off to his grandmother (Mrs Dooley). By this time Mr a. Parker, who resides next door to Dooley’s, but who was working on the hill near the line, had seen the outbreak, and made for the scene. He found himself met bv the fire, which was getting a strong bold on the dry grass and tlie saplings, which grow verv tliicklj- in the Inne be tween. Dooley’s' and the lignite siding, and wan compelled to,retreat._ - Two other men —Messrs J. Dampen and Wni. Haywood—who had seen the smoke ris ing from Dooley’s, also hastened to the rescue. Mr Parker had gone back to the hill, and from there he was sum moned by Miss Dooley, who used a bul lock bell as an impromptu fire alarm. And at the same time Mrs Parker, who saw tho imminent danger of her own house, signalled vigorously to her hus band to return. Mr.Geo. Way arrived on the scene, and also Mr C. Way. and went over to Dooley’s, of whose house the'fire" was within eighty yards.- Mr Parker made for his own home, which , was only 500 yards from. Dooley’s. The fire was in tlie lower end of Parker’s garden, and travelling with great velocity towards the house. Messro H. Parker. J. Parker, W. Haywood, J. Lampon, and Edward Parker,, all come over to assist in trying to save the house, whicli was surrounded by flames which in a very few minute’s threatened it with destruction. Mr A. Parker, seeing that it 'would bo impossible ito save the place, sent his wife and two children away to a place of safety at Mrs Brudenall’s, and then with his neighbors, made a vigorous onslaught on the flames. The house ignited m, one corner, and a shower of sparks from the burning saplings was carried on to the roof. Throe- times the rescue party trer© beaten by the terrible heat, and at , last the whole building burst into flames, and in fifteen minutes it was a mass of ruins. Whon Airs Parker, escaped from the house she took away only a few blankets and articles of clothing, and laid thomdown on the ground, but they were no sooner there than a 6liower of SDarks landed on them and reduced them to ashes. Two beds wore carried out by Mr Dampen, and placed in a watorhole 50 yards off, but they too caught fire and burnt to the water level. Mr Parker rushed into, the house and managed to rescue a sewing machine. Apart from these articles everything in the house was destroyed. Several head of eattle, which were on the property stampeded, and have not yet been re covered. Mr Parker estimates his loss at £2OO. Whilo Parker’s house was burning, the fire was still raging around Dooley’s, the fencing, and garden, be ing a mass of flame. The house itself was saved by the most strenuous exer tion on the part of Messrs G. Way, C. Way, C. Newman, T. James, B. Brud enall, T. Enright, Finn, and the party from Barker's house, who. when that j building was destroyed rushed, across to Dooley's: to assist. Mrs Brudehall also j rendered valuable assistance, as did ! Mi<« Mary Dooley. Dooley’s house,' having a shingle roof, was, in more ■ danger of ignition" than an iron roofed j house would have been, and constant I vigilance was necessary. The roof was covered with blankets, which were kept soaked with wia-ter, and the danger was thus staved' off. . "By this time 'the fire, which had a frontage of over half a mile, had got across on to the south-east side of the line, and the first property invaded wm Mr H. Haywood’s, occupied by Mr W. Diamond, and a large quantity of fenc ing and grass was burnt- A party of beaters, comprising Messrs J. M’Daxm lan, Win. Havwood, H. Parker, and P. Cronan, wfent to the, assistance of Mrs Diamond, who was alone at the time, ( and- after a short but fierc© fight sue* | ceeded.. in .quelling the .flames, though not until they got so close to the house that the paint wps blistered. _ - Mrs Harriet Haywood’s premises were the, next attacked by, the fire, which swept' across from; Diamond s. AW Havwood is a heavy-tloser, as Ml the fieiiaing around a 40-acre block was burnt, and. She lost a lot of grass as well as the cow- sheds. Avery largo pariv, of rescuers quickly gathered at Haywood's, for it was recognised that this would be one of the biggest fight" of the day, as not only the sheds, but) the stabling and stacks, which are close to the house, Were in imminent danger. The party from Dooley's, who had saved that place, and the party from Diamond’s, joined forces ati n-aywoods, and with the addition of Constable Qrr, of 'Tendon, and members, of Haywood s family, tackled Qie fire systematnally- Fortunately there was a. large, tank or .water available ibafowleen. the -fire and the house.- A bucket brigade was- quickly organised, 'and though the garden was a. mass of flames,, arid- the dairy was, sur rounded ‘by fife, the fighters succeeded, afboi: over 'an hour’s tremendous fight,, in soring the homestead. It must l tfe remembered, that 'all the timq.ther fire Vas.’being fed by, showers of ep*rks\aad bathing, limbs man. the saplings on the road, which were carried by the wind over the paddocks adjoining Haywood’s house. Some of thesp paddocks, which are ownod by Mrs Haywood, were swepti by tho flames, and all the grass and fencing were destroyed. Mr E. Roumson, whose promises ad join Mrs Haywood’s on the south-east side, was also a heavy loser ,bv grass and fencing, but tho house was saved. He was fortunate in saving some 200 sheep, which wore with difficulty got out of the burning paddocks and yarded, and the cattle and horses woro also aaved. Mr E. Davis’ paddocks were also de vastated, but in hi 6 case the fences were pulled down to save tho stock, which broke away and went off towards the State forest. Some of the panic stricken sheep, on breaking out of tho paddocks, made for a water-hole, and crowded into it in terror. Roughly speaking, fully five hundred' acres of grass were swept clean around the places mentioned. Two miles of rail way fencing were destroyed. The fire spread into the Grown lands adjoining. Parker's, and -burnt out 100 acres of young timber before it was blocked by Messrs R. Kincaid and S. Welch. The biggest damage, however, to tho State forest was on the south-east side of the line, where there was a great quantity of good timber, including wattle, which the people in the neighborhood have been endeavoring to secure the right to •trip. _ The Hamas went through the forest in an hour, a sufficient testimony to the ferocity of the fire, and gullies were glowing like a furnace in all direc tions,- while the roaring of the flames through the timber could bo heard a very long way off. Mr T. Maguire, the Grown lauds bailiff, though he realised early that it was hopeless to endeavor to save tho foredt,' went to the Mount Doran side to assist in preparing for the fire breaking through the forest. The forest runs down to Mount Doran, where the young timber is thickest. Here are also the Mount Doran State school and the teacher’s residence, and though both ware surrounded on all aides hy the flames, a party of fighters succeeded in saving both buildings. A sensational experience was that under gone hy the head teacher, Mr Dunn, and tho scholars, to the number of 30 , or 40, who were attending the school. The scared children forsook their les sons, and went to the doors to gaze at the advancing flames, which could be seen licking up the forest timber. Mr Dunn properly refused to allow any of. the children, to go home, and took them all to his own residence, which was in a safer position than the School- Here they remained while the teacher joined the fire- fighters, and worked splendidly. to stave off .the danger. Two other homesteads which, narrowly l escaped destination were Messrs W< I Miles' and W. M‘Gillivray'4. Mrsj Miles, sen., wnose residence is hear her son’s, carried all her furniture out OJl! to a bare piece of ground. The Mount I Doran Recreation Reserve, which was i substantially fenced and sown down with young pines, was swept by tho fire and. burnt black. One of the precautions taken late at night, when the fire was still burning in the forest, was to burn a break from the Mount Doran school to Blue Bridge, a distance of about a mile east and west, and this had the effect of stopping the south-west sweep of the fire. The actual damage done can hardly be estimated, but there was not one on the line of fire whose property wasn’t injured, though, of course, Mr Parker is by far the heaviest sufferer. On Wednesday some of tho officials of i the Railway Department visited tho j point at which the fire first Marled, j and made a number of enquiries, poe- i sibly in view of anticipated claims fir ■ compensation. i 