Disastrous Flros. on boomerang, mllsuorough and middledale, . FUUTnEB ; OUTBREAKS ON KEN-" TUOKY. is an incendiary AT AYORK? /.Tbo frequency of .bush-fire in the vicinity ol Kentucky is causing ret- tiers in the district to fonn tlxi opin ion Hint the) are the work of nn in cendiary. Jn. our last iasuo wo pub- Uslicd hn- account of nn outbreak which- oocurrrd -la too . wen i«w- dock" on Kenturky on Hntunlay. Inst,. This was happily, got under by tlio united efforts of upwnrds of 103 men, aided by n number of water-carts and pmnpj from ndjoining holdings. The smoke of two largo fire was plainly discernible in the northern hor izon in Corowa on Wednesday, ond those who saw it hazarded tlm opinion that it "was on Kentucky, This proved to lio onlv too true. News hrouuhl in by our spcclnl representative from tlm seat of tho outbreak yesterday morn ing, shows that Jt was of -a most di»- nitrous nature. Thcro was n scries of fires, which ultimately extended for a distance of about nino miles. The find outbreak occurred in one1 of Mr. F. Dunn's paddock, known ns "S'argenl'/," rlose lo tlio boumlnries , of Mr, II. Virkfrs' nnd Mr. M. Nagln's propertlcM, This was nt about 9 o'clock in the morning. Willing work ers from the surrounding farmsteads (including Mr Castle nnd Son, from Dnyulntob soon gathered on the pot, and were fortunato in- getting it under after n hard fight,- but not be fore 1000 ncres of grass were destroy ed. . Tiih outbreak had scarcely '1>ccn sub dued when tho fire-fighters noticed amokn ascending over the bill, nn "Boomerang.'' Thoy speedily got to work hcrv with tho befftcre, but 'bad not been long at work before another fire was observed tb start up on the auto property— at the stork route boundary. This outbreak- soon oli- M Mk..r! 1.1.1 ' _ff iL |>n«i uvtu ui country, ami, being fanned by o stiff -south- westerly brecxr, the flames quickly swipt tho groater part. of it- The onlv >ort to escape was a small portion ad orning Mr. J, Leighton's farm, Tlio ire «lid n lot of damage. Mr, , M -T, Ryan, a shore farmer on Iho estate, lost 100 acres of startling wheat, ami also n lew bogs of groin which had hem garnered. Harvesting optAitioru had just >een commencetl bore, and tho crop was yielding the nloo return of six bflgs Jpitha aero. This is a particularly bnrd. ease. / At ' iho "time of the outbreak Mr. and Mrs. Ryan were absent: from hotne, bring In Co rowa,. where ono of-thrir children lies In n critical condition in tho Publm Hoipitai. The liltin/nno hml to tin- dorgd un oporaCon for nptwndie'.tiH. Tbo sob? occupants of tho home wlum tlic fire broke out wero tlie other child ren, and 3fr, ltyau did not knowncy- thing about tho misfortune wh!ch>|ind struck him until hi return the enqjc evening. To nnphnrisf-- whnt tho loss of Mr. Rynn's crop ineanrto him- this year . it ! only ncres/nry to state Hint ho also lost the whole- of hi crop in tho big fire which devastated iho countryside for miles. last year; Mr. McCartney, nno(her filmro-Jarmcr, td«o" loit a quantity; of wheat. Tlm lire spread Into Mr.-'rF. -Dunh' propiYty and consumed ri lnrm> ania nt ri>naa but it was eventually- checked by- ft plougliiri firebreak . which runs 'right through tho tulddle of hls fnrm. . # 3'bis fire did not teiminato tlio nnx- of the fire-fighters 'for tho day. At nboat nobn clouds of mnok'a were Rocn to riso in tho- vicinity ol Ken tucky, homestead,' 'ftiid a messenger or- riyqdrwiuesttng' a;innny of tho I rent er -n could ke'fi|)aml -to come ov6"r.' Shollly ' after this Outbreak' ntto ther tiro sprang' up in - a paddock belong ing to Mr. G.!0, ; Smytli. of llilis borough (whirli estate adjoins .Ken tucky) and tonniilcd by a share far- mnr uainetl D'Menra. Tho nmchiuea were nt work iakiug 'off tho crop «t the time, nnd tire firo wnn seen to Htari up in the Ktundlng crop, Need less to say tho flames, spread' with great rapidity, and tho men in charge of the strippers had to lxwU a very liasty retreat In order-to save \hcui- relvefl and the machinery. . A litllo Inter life wero Mazing In two oi mora place simtilfancouRly; Mr. 0Meameii-- liuintes his loss at 200 acres ol wheat. It wns a very fine crop. Besides tho standing crop nil tho ;Wboat stripped was. dnmoliPhcd also, tho/ grain hav ing been licajnid In tbo paddock in an unelcaned state; Mr. Donald Forbcn had the good fortune to t>cni>o ' losing, any/ of , bis crop. At one f into' things looked very dIconcc-Klng for him; tbo fira- buru,'.ng round tho.sidcA of tho crbp..w VTo> we a jiiHt uhout to fire round bis'h'oUsb or.d Htach for protection ' whoa Mr. R. Mnckcnzin, of Coreon, . and an omplo'yeo named Cary nrrived on ' Ibb,' s'beno in a gig. Thoy at' onco sot.-to .wbrk nnd Hiieeeeded In kecping. tho firo in 'cheek until- ' usstst ohoiH-dii tha ' ' ol a Luxfi fire hrigado .from Godmbargontv— orrivcd. on the scone. jrThU. qomprised four; fire<aris,. (be; property 'ofTMqssrs.'. Howard and Sfifparttr Tho qrfcanlsa-. tion ' wa splendid.- Threo earls; follow- ed each other ' fcprtytatg water on the fire, and . there was also one emergency cart. Theeo vehicIes'pdt out 'mllre ol flo whilst travel!ing>«t a fair- jog trot. Mr ' Lush/ 'also -from Goombar- gona. brought up the'.rear with atari and. hose. His -work ednsfsted ofpnt- ting out all ; Ihe/ treee1 and stumps which' had fired ncar- tho boundary of the outbreak. Mr. Forbes,- who J a cripnle, waa' unable to'get about to wore at Mta fire, his misfortunes be fog- added to by his w-ife bring laid up til in text. .( . Mr. James Strachon, of Middlodtdo, wa a heavy loser of .grasunnd hxic. ing. hm fire eventually spreail on lo Kentucky Estate, and destroyed: about 300 arret ol wheal crop belonging to Jlr. Kojio. a shuro larmcr i . also., a portion of Mr. J.- G.' Gray's oWa crop and a considerable area, ol' grass, fencing, etc. The wholo ol this country was swept by- tho firo which -oocurrvd uii new iw nn/, iiwv,, Oar Daysdale correspondent, in writing of ; the above, states Abat it was reported at Daysdnla that three farm houses had Ixsen doslroywl by tlio Ure, hut, no definito information, was to hand as to tlm owner: The Days- dale hnnh firo hrigado, under Senior- Constable Buhner, turnwl out to tho Jire; and put in somo good work, Tlm lire travelled over a diHlanio of 20 miles from the point of commence ment on Lolghton a property, and was checked on Mahohga station. Ryan's crop on Boomerang was said to bo in sured up to 4 bags per acre. It wa cfltfmulcd to te carrying U Img. l-ast week another fire, the eighth tjiin season, broke out on Coreen sta tion south of Daysdale. A soon ns tbo fire was discovered iho Bavedale flro brigade, with I heir now spray pump and men, and pumps from Goonambll were - quickly on the snot, but, owing to l no heavy grass, tho firo got suehMwny on that 2000 acres wore burnt before Iho firo could bo cot under control. At ono timo It up- poured ns If - Mr. lludnon'H (Hlmrn far- mor), Messrs. Gbostray and Osborno Bros,, would lost tholr crops, but ow ing to tbn strenuous efforts of the firo fighters, theso were, saved. During tho nbsstioe from. Corowa of Dr. C. Crosby Wnlch, Dr. Rosenthal, of Melbourne, will net as hU locum tenens. Typhoid (over has mndo Its- appoor- anoo qt Yavrawonga. Mr. A. Jackson ia . laid up with, an- attack of a serious nature.- 