Bush-fire Brigades. DERUINGUU.EN ACTING. On Saturday 1 ist "_tbe meeting of rcsi dents couvened by Councillor Tayler, at Der riugullen homestead, in pursuance of a previous resolution of the Shiro Council took place, for tlio purpose of taking into consideration tho question of organising butli-firo brigades, to meet the possibility of outbreaks of bush-firo within sti iking distance. Tho time of the year, and the general engagement otherwise of the neigbbirs preparing for Christmas, harvesting and to ou, rather reduced this meeting b'jlow expectations ; but those landholders who were able to attend, were in henity uccord with tho movement, and a start was made to establish a Brigade at Deriingulleii, with the homestead there as tlio hivid quarttors, aud to supply most of tho nocessary lire-fighting plant, which Mr. Tayler had already got into readiness. The bisis to be worked upon is an acreage one simply, and any contributions, or levies for equipment, up koep, or provisioning during fires are to be met on that basis of proportionate responsibility, and tberefuro advantage. The working rules agreed to provided for members of tho Brigade, upon the outbreak of fire, reporting themselves to the captain, or deputy-captain, under whose orders alone they will move and work whilst fighting tho bush fire, and who will be responsible for their being properly provisioned, provided with iwitor, aud looked after whilst at "tho front." Mr. \V. E. Taylor was appointed captain, and Mr. Jamos Roft'o deputy of the Derringullen Brigade. The idea acted upon was that fourteen or fifteen ought to be enough for ono Brigade, and under ono command ; and that instead nf trying to swing a whole district intojinc in u fire emergency, it better for each locality to orgauiso its own body, so that the various units could co operate and bo mobile aud easily managed aud fed. To this end it is understood efforts will be made to establish similar Brigades at Blackburn, Wargoila, Bango, Limestone, and Ynss Junction, tho captains of which would bo ablo to confer, and arrange to act upon a given cohesive plan of campaign, or rather defeuce. Messrs. " BusliellV, Sydney, wish to notify that their only accredited agent for " iJusbollV teas and coffee in Yosa is Mr. J. Thackei', of Victoria Iiouse. e No other firm in Ynss has uny authority ' BusholIV "'•" ill any way, and the public aro cautioned to bn careful in buying and dealing only wil.1i the agent —Mr. J. Thicker. Tlio date printed ou the end of every packet insures tho tea being sold fresh, nud tlio public aro also cautioned against buying tho tea if they see the dato is more than two months back. 