THE SOUTH GIPPSLAND 0 UTB REAK. TRIILLING NARRATIVE OF A FIRE-FIGHTER. A RACE FOR LIFE. Melbourne, January 25. More complete reports of the results of the terrible fire that raged on Tues day are now being made known. Addi tional evidence has been obtained from several leading residents of Foster. in the Gippsland district, lho, at the risk of their own lives, made their way through-the flames to help their fel low-settlers. When they realised the danger that was threatening, they promptly volunteered, well knowing from their experience of 1898 what de lay means. Mr. Lamb, of Hill and Co.. was in the thickest -of the fight. He tells his own tale as follows:- "I left Foster on Tuesday at 4 p.m.. accompanying Mr. Hamblin's daughter, Ruth, who came in on business in the morning. Two miles distant from the township we met a sheet of flame, the whole country on either side of the road being like a tonmado. To retreat was as dangerous as to advance, so we put our horses at full gallop along to wards Beillarah-road. The girl dis played the utmost coolness and pluck. H.amhlius place was reached. after a thrilling ride, trees falling in front of us and behind ui. The fire had not touched tie homestead of the Hamblin family up to then, so leaving Ruth st her home I made my way along the road to *Square Top.' the residence of Cr. Clemson, President of tie Shire. The house was by this time in rtis. All the out-buildings were demolished. and the horses and fowls were roa,ted alive within a hundred yards af an iron tank in which Clemson and his wife and family had taken ef'?"e. I he scene at this juncture was awfumin the extreme 'The flames were leaping fromt hill-top to hill-top, and the deafening roar of huge falling black-hutt timber and the hIinding smoke, together with the sufferings of animals and human beings, mnade the position appalling. I'lio occupants of the tank were total ly blind. I supplied eye-lotion and clothing and administered stimulants Afterwards I proceeded to Griffiths's place, half a mile to the eastward. This also was surrounded by flames. All thle out-buildings were burnt to the grtund. but the house was still standing; hut the household were found in a ,ot:rto I field. I provided them with food g,'d .st imulants, and after a. ride of four miles I returlned to Foster." * An incident of the fire was an es cape from almost certain death at Floet's house of P. Urquhart, a cream carter, who, while passing on the road, saw the house in flames and utsh: ed through the hack door to look for the inmates, who had escaped. Ur quhart had hardly got through the building before it came down .ith a crash cMelvrs. Dolphin (hank manager), A. McDonald, Price, Rodgers and Scanlon (surveyor) had a hard ride along Amlnys's track to get to A. Gardiner's residence. The whole road was in flants, and t re,? were falling in every direction. The country on either side of the ridge was a magnificent spec tacle, every tree being on fire. The men. in making the journey, carried their lives in their hands. Cr. Gardi ncr and Messrs. Hughes, Leonard, and Reed fought for five hours protecting Gardiner's house. Hughes and Reed were on an iron roof for that time clad only in their trousers. J14'ssrs. Stuart anmd Johnson, who en dearcured to save Mr. J. Williams, an invalid, were caught in the flames, and I had to drop their burden and make to a small waterhole. where they re inained for two hou?. Stuart was badly burnt about the arms and face, but he was able to get about. A re lief party to-day brought the Enfferers into the township. i The Exchange Hotel is like is hos pital. Mrs. Mak~eham and her staff act ming as nurses. A settler, named Johnston, who was engaged in eutting scrub two miles from his honme, at Woora, on observ intg thick smoke, and hearing the roar of fi'e, started to rnl for cleared ground. Ho was overtaken by the fire, and his vest. a:d shirt caught alight. He threw them off, and reached his house in a state of exhaustion. Great suffering exists. At a public meeting to-night a message of sym pathv from the Governor-General (Lord Norticote) was received. The State Governor sent telegrams of sympathy and inquiry in regard to the sufferers from Rio (lisastrous bush fires to the MayeR~ of Daylesford and the President of the South Gippsland Shire, and received the following re plies: From the Mayor of Daylesford: "Sincere thanks for sympathetic mes sage. Will convey your wishes to the many sufferers, as desired.--(Signed) John W. King MLayer." From the Shire Secretary, South Gipnsland :-"-Your kind telegram of sympathy appreciated. Regret to say the Shire President himself burnt out and injured.-(Signed) Dillon.' 