OUR FOLKS. [SE« AND FAK.j Mr. T. ]. Hepburn, 'Mir vcieiitiary surgeon, has removed Ins doniestic shrine to R iilway-piaoe West. Clients requiring his services will please note. » • » Rumored that a well-known family east ot" the Campaspe is likely to purchase the palace ul the Kin^, Up Vender, as a speculation. Nothing definite vet. Mr. John Whintield, eldest son of the late Mr. J. Whinfield, of Bamawin, back on a visit from the West where he has been during the last six years John lioks well; though liner than when lie left on a fortune quest. Mademoiselle Wright, of tbe local P>»st-office, and who has been away vin sick furlough, has returned to stamp duty again, much improved in health. Mademoiselle Pembroke acted very capably during tlie "* riglit" officer's absence. Miss May Ferber, who has been away recuperating her roses after her recent illness, re-opens her Kinderspirten school, at Rochester, on Tuesday next —the 13th. Miss Elsie Shaw, L L.C.M.. has omciated in Miss Ferber's absence at the l. T p Vonder Methodist Church organ very pleasinglv. • » » Miss Lizzie Paynter. of Timuiering, is a splendid shot. While gunners were wasting cartridges at other district duck haunts on the closing dawn of the safe season, Lizzie waited at the household dam, and potted the unsuspecting flocks that came her way, with excellent results, although the old gun did kick ! Mr. Shut Ion, senior, one of our oldest and esteemed district farmers, intends retiring from his farm directly and taking up his residence in Elmore Mr. Shotton has been an example in energy to the younger generation around him, and deserves a well earned rest. Two of Mr. Shotton's sons are respected Diggora farmer?. a • « Constable Dugan, who bas been doing excellent work during his soj-jurn amongst us. has the relief of :l»e sufferers by tbe recent Gippsland bush-fires at heart. By Friday afternoon (last week) lie had collected £13 iSs, the local meeting subscribed £4 7 s (>d, and the total to date makes the tidy subscription of about ^"40. Miss Gladys, of tbe talented Barrett clan, Up Yonder, is likely to be heard of as a singer above the ordinary, in tlie near future. The lass, who is also a club-swinger of no mean calibre, sang " Why must we say. Good-bye r" very sweetly, and shared a duet—Ora pro nobis—with Miss R- Cresswell to the delight of the audience, at the send-oft lo Mrs. Kirkland and family. Gladys is a pupil of Miss Ruby Cresswell, herself a singer of note. • • • Mr. Merryman, the new stationmaster Up die Line, bears a remarkable appearance to Commissioner Tait. though not so snowv. He is an excellent speaker, and "boasts that with bis wife and six childrcii be has vested interests in the new town of his stewardship. Mr. M errvinan was for the last 5$ years at Cheltenham, tn the Premier's constituency, which he considers is a good record for a railway servant. Koyuga (where he opened) was his first station, and his appointment to Rochester is promotion for him. The young sparks of Rochester have ... been gnashing - ,, -tbeir , teeth, and , teeling unusually uncomfortable dur T ing • tier the th» past Met month. tnrtnfli Last T weekend a they were at their wit's ends as to how they were to appear before the wondering {and admiring) world with tbeir usual spruceness, seeing they had come to the dregs of their clean linen supplies. It appears that the laundry- ladies of the youths aforesaid have gone on strike, owing to the unusual heat, indisposition, or independence of spirit—something unusual anyhow, and their supplies have quite run out. The fair emissary who had been sent to plead for a renewal of the old-time energy returned time after time and told how she had practised, all the wiles she knew to get tlie ancients to ply Hie iron aud spread the gloss but without avail. The pi'e of dirty linen visible made her heart bleed, the desire of the Sud's-queeus not to be bothered :Jier.jdeeply--|Mmce the •nidty Y na hj '"" g bank teller «Hio does the)>lock daily with' the air of a Sherlock Holmes is looking a bit iimp about the collar ways, and the soft-stuff concoctor is taking " a Btick" in his freshen to keep his pecker up. seeing he has worn his socks for a fortnight now. The portlv bankmanager (who is a grass-widow pro tern) bas deep fallow-furrows f tlie brow, though jewing thoughts — deep and portentons—as to bow he will manoeuvre through theremaining weeks of {his loneliness on two collars, and the Courtiers of tlie King are keeping a keen grip on tbeir hitherto frivolous spendings in view of a probable call on the funds fordressed culty-sarks and foot garniture—and there are others a sorrowing 1 The situation is above a joke—and is intensified by the fact that several horseowners who paid the hamlet a visit" put out" their nether trimmings in tbe same quarter and bad them starched up to, Uie knocker. Tbe funds «hqs obtainable rendered the independence of the toQers o'er the tubs more marked than cyer. Tber£ arc dire threats in the air relating to 1 * tbe subsidising of a Japanese Jaundiy in Progress town. When leaders of Fashion ore reduced to wearing their breast- plates for a fortnight—ORP can ' * 'em forHking their "White" MtKW Mr. John Kirkland was the recipi ent of a handsome Masonic emblem from his brethren of the craft of St. John's Lodge, No. 72, Rochester, on Wednesday eveniug, January 31. Tint presentation was made the occasion-of a very pleasant social evening, wh«n all present invested themselves with the bumper degree, and voted John, who lias held the positijn of Director of Ceremonies in the Lodge, a line fellow. Mr. H. Downe, W.M.. made the presentation i-i felicitcus term-.. Rochester's new Salvannv Officers held their first "open air" meeting 011 Saturday night, in Gillies-street, and created a very favorable impression musically and oraturically. Capt. Murray has a very taking baritone singing voice, while Lieut. Stewart tootles sweetly (and correctly) on an instrument of the brass species. Altogether the harmony was a welcome change Ir.nn the discords put abroad lati-k- by gotid people desirous of practising their far from mature tootlinsjs in public. ' We are in receipt of a letter in defence oJ^Mr, Sam Clark's excellent proposals to seltle people on the land, from Mr. XV. T. \Vebb. of Rochester, who takes up the cudgels very warm ly in defence of his friend's scheme No good purpose would be served by opening a discussion on the merits or dements of Land Settlement as pro posed (with the aid of borrowed mil lions) by the Wanalta genius. He asked us to read his paper and to say what we thought of if. We did so— and Mr. Webb, or Mr. Clarke—perhaps both—tliiuk our criticism is unjust. It was sincere, and its publication was never intended as the starting of an inkspilling contest, however much we may appreciate the writer's good intentions. * • Variety ij the spice of life, even in the existence ot the fairest of the fair who pine and blush unseen like flowers on the desert air. When the whisper went round that a good looking drug-dispenser had left for a holiday there was quite a flutter in adjacent dovccotes, which culminated after Church on Sunday last when several bevies of beauty (sweetly perfumed, and garbed most fastidiously) tripped into the drugparlor intenton spending what should have gone into the collection plates, in threepenn'orths of mints, rose lozenges, &c., &c.—little bits of biz that serve with propriety, in place of a formal introduction to tbe affable young strangers who have hitherto arrived to dole out orders to those eager for fresh faces and conquests new. Alas ! f jr the frailty of human hopes, and the hearts o* local Ven uses arrayed in all their charms. Wry were the faces of those who came, who saw—who conquered not—it looked to onlookers as though an epidemic of toothache or neuralgia, or something that nips e'en the primmest buds i' the check, while the unbidden tear lurked i' the eye of the heroines of uianv spoon-thrills' and beart-breaks. 'Twas a cruel joke to play on folks with hearts to let — but the new chemist—good fellow— was over 70, white-bearded, and as bald as any girl's hopes of finding a husband in these latitudes ! And age has no smiles to dispense with Sunday night threepenn'orths, sad to say! Messrs. Joe Cheetham, Geo Hopkins, and Lou Ham—Up Yonder anglers who know all the points of the game—had a thrilling experience <they say) at Simmie's, Cornelia Creek Station, the other day. The}' were on tbe trail of the big cod in the big lagoon opposite the homestead ! Xot a bite did they feel till Joe bethought him (about dusk) of a nice jucy mussel wherewith to tempt the finny ones. No sooner did the bait touch bottom than there was a swish and he bows of the boat (foe ahvpvs r • r . . ^ . . . . J fishes from the bows) started ducking dangerously. Then the craft began to put speed on, ere the scared occu- pants became aware of tlie fact that something pretty frisky was at one end of the line, while three puzzled humans tugged at the other, joe and his mates piied all the wiles they knew, but to no purpose. Instead of the monster coming up, the boat evinced a continued desire tu duck down, aud tbe art of balancing became neccssary, if the Irio were to avoid a bath. After being towed around the lagoon for alwut an hour, the monster appeared to be tiring so. after holding i council of war, it was decided that Joe would draw the line in cautiously, while George was told off to seize the prey by the gills when its bead peered above water. Lou laid low ready to sit oa iis tail—keeping anjeye. tp tbe safety of the boat ithe while- When Joe. bad taken three long broths he started to haul in—but dowu dipped the craft shipping more water than would dilute local whisky supplies for the next decade. Then George took a hand—no use I Then Lou used those persuasive arguments that place the harvest implements so nicely—still the boat proved obstreperous. The three were pulling altogether with a long pull, a steady pull—a pull altogether, boys, when the hook gave way, and they fell a limp bundle to the bottom of the craft—while their head-gear floated serenely on tbe wavelets. Pulling to shore the worthies (heart-broken at being baulked of their plunder) yoked up the neddy and drove to tbeir town haunts, just bursting to tell the news. What was it ? was the query put by the gaping listeners, joe is positive a 4olb. cod caused all the excitement, bat Lou thinks it wais a, bnnyip. All "the bunyips of his acquaintance pull that way—he says. Hop. favors the idea qf a big fish—but rude scoffers take their memories and say when "the lagoon was pretty well dry the remains of several wire fences could be seen reclining on tbe mussel beds that abound in this quarter, and that it was one of these entanglements the sports booked. Then Joe's anger is tartWetokm, Mr. W. Clark, of Bnrrunih j it E. was amongst thesucces^ful applicant* for blocks on the Wvuna Estate, uea; Kyabratn. | The harvest festival in connection | with the Warragaiiiiia Church uf England is due ou Sunday, Feb. 25, when Canon Watson wiil oiiiciate. * " * Mr. James Worner his been appointed treasurer to the HolyTriuitv Church guardians, R jcliester. W Mr. John Kirkland. nu;v of Wahcrunch gun} an. , In the list of succe .*ful candidates of the Associated I'.iard 01 Royal Acadcmy of Music, ! jciidiyo centre,! we noticethe names ot" Missc-s Heienc O'Xeill and Jeannt, Balding, for | pianoforte playing. : * • • The numerous friends of Mr. TJios. Cox. our genial townsman, wiil learn j with regret that during the week he j contracted typhoid fever. Under Dr. Delmege's treatment, we arc pleased to state, Mr. Cox is doing as well as can be expected. A number of the friends of Mr. Herb Brown, of Burnewang. met at his parents' residence on Tuesday night, to say good-bye, ere he departed for Western Australia early next week. Various games were indulged in, and Mr. Brown was the recipient of a handsome silvermounted pipe, as a souvenir and token of esteem. On Monday evening Miss Gertie Wilson, who is leaving Rochester for Terang, was presented with a handsome teacher's bible, and Farrar's Life of Christ, on behalf of her fellow Sunday School teachcrs r,f the Holy Trinity Church. Canon Watson made the presentation, and wished the parting guest all prosperity- in her new sphere of usefulness. She had l>een born amongst them, and had proved an admirable S S. worker. Mr. Alf. Gallop responded felicitously on behalf of Miss Wilson. We leam from our Rushworth contemporary that a farewell social was tendered, on the 1st inst at Wanalta, to Mr. R. Smiih, who is leaving Co'binabbin, having been chosen by the Department as one of the teachers to commence a course of studies at the University. The social was arranged by the Wanalta footballers and supporters, Mr. Smith having been one of their leading players. Several toasts were enthusiastically honored, and at an interval Mr. Smith was the recipient of a handsome gold medal from the Wanalta F.C. Sottas aud recitations were given at intervals, and a most enjoyable evening was spent. 