. . $' 1 1 ri-Cpcm' riyii | h i iT.Haxmxaxiiij., . \+ H MINGLED YHRN. ifi — — — — ft: s X aTh% wrt W Uf. ! Of a ». jf \ K».i:a:ciTCTyrrro:coxm:mxox£03xo3:<i!f. ? THE BUSH - EIRE. From Coastline to the Borders, Red . ruin's in command, The worst of all marauders — King Bushfire sweeps the land. His wanton roaring heralds, The flaming north winds tell Of fierce, quick marching perils— The cavalry of Hell. From Dandcnong to Daylesford, they sweep the earth and rise To write red revolution across the mol ten skies. Out where the black clouds muster The lurid sheets of flame; Impart' a hideous lustre To deeds of cruel shame. Wild terror flies before them, And leaves the. herd and flock; The red fire races o'er them — Ah woe ! the poor dumb stock. Fleet are the mountain horses, wild eyed with tossing -manes — Ah God ! The fleet wild horses, their ashes strew the plains. Up, up the mountain racing, Where towering blue-gums rise, The .tongues of fire are chasing The black wreaths, to the skies; And armed with red disaster, And shod with burning hate, ,T'he sea of flames — the master- Rolls to the Border Gate. In front the smiling, homesteads from whence the settlers fly, Behind . the blackened landscape, to match the blackened sky. From Loch to Leongatba The country ride's, ablaze, A-fire the hills of heather, A-fire the waterways. ... Give me the hahdvof battle, The hand of God in ire, Before the roar and rattle \- Of- cruel, wanton Fire. The fierce relentless fury, that roasts in rampant pride The hapless Toora children and wastes the country side. ., Down (n the Gippsland forests, - Out in the mallee sands, This is the cry that's chorussed — "Our devastated lands." t r Won in the long years' traffic', ' Brave hearts, brown hands, 'twas vain; Now comes; the Fire's mad "Maffick" To break proud hearts again. Help, help, ye Western Goldfields! the lion-hearted band— The .blinded, bnrnt-out settlers who won and -lost the land . — The Exile. . \ The' casual Kalgoorlie man said, his was lager. ' The beer girl put the -cork screw ...in and tugged but the plug wouldn't' shift. Clasping the -bottle with ' her knees ' she gave a", mighty and- successful wrench. The Kalgbor-. He. man observed tie." '.'V;. ' '..'V. . ' - V ; A pity the Westralian licensing laws were not framed oh the same -lines as the Irish. In Ireland Freemason lodges are exempt from the operations of the licensing laws Commenting on the fact T, Healy, M.P., declared Free masons could get as drunk as they liked, while the carpenter , and the plumber and other working-men daren't look pideways at a pint for fear of the police. Which suggest that if the Westralian Sunday Trading- Laws were amended in the same dir-1 ection it would be a good thing, for Kalgoorlie. It would solve the Sun day difficulty and- increase the mem bership of the Mason Lodges as well. Kalgoorlie's entire male population in the interest of peaceful Sunday-beer would tranquilly don the mystic apron and drink its .'brown tangle secure from the necessity of buying travellers' tickets (to Kanowna), or the fear of a John Hop s ham fist arresting the upward course .of a Sunday pint. So mote it .be. 1 A fantastically attired globe-trot ting Yank, at present doing W.A., has had a rough- time" of it at the hands of the goldarn newsboys of this State. Ho put up at the Palace in Perth, and Iiis chessboard checks caught , the eyes, of the Daily News" boys and -got on their nerves straight away. They chased .him all oyer Perth. jake came on to Kalgoorlie, and the " Star" boys fell m love with him oh sight f? Proffered him -many courtesies, u wening he complained to". +i!C n in , man ' He was' sitting on the Palace with a Palace girl when a goldarn "Star" boy sighted n!Iv,-i .v St,r.C0t- After barracking awhile urchin produced a shanghai and took aim. The pebble caught the lady n the waist. " I guess," said the Yank, strangers in this hyrir country want police protection."; "But tho stone never hit you," said the scribe. _ "'I kaftilate! it jhst -did -hit «nii. on tbe back ol the hand." then you must havo . juui ttLIU round her waist," said the reporter, if nt the goldarned Yank remembered about a wire and -bolted. SONGS ABOUT TOWN. GOOD-BYE, GOOD-BYE. Fair Girls of the goldfields, Adieu ' Adieu ! \- The horses are saddled, the hour draws nigh, It's a long trip out to the back of Cue So Girls of the goldfields, Good-bve' good-bye. ' ' The old love calls where the gold trail lies, To the wide roads, under the blazing stars, & That are near as bright as the laugh ing eyes, - "' Of the gay, glad girls in the pri- vaie bars. Fair belles of the goldfields, brunette and blonde, Amy and Millie and Crowie and Black, Oh memories bright- for the bush be yond When the rover swings oM the trail Outback. . When" the gray bush calls to tho bush- man true, He spurs his horse o'er Ihe desert brown, As he spurred him often to Eves of Blue, At the trysting place in Kalgoorlie Town. Fair Girls of the goldfields before wc ffo, A final song and a parting glass. To the rosebud lips and the breast of snow, And the kind, warm heart of the Goldfields lass. Till a seven we throw or return again, With bulging shaminy and palate dry, . " With white-sprayed snaffle and sweat- stained rein, \ Fair Girls of the Fields. Good-bye, Goodbye. —The Exile. 