[?] ' They are abstracts and brief chronicles of toe time.' Water is becoming scarce out Boomey way — as elsewhere. Mrs. H. S. Carr ie spending an ex tended, holiday in tbe metropolis. Ten trucks of Boree sheep were railed for Homebusb on Tuesday last at Molong. Since the beginning of January, 18,619 bags of wheat have been trucked at Molong railway station. On Tuesday next, at 2.30, tbe annual meeting of tbe Molong District Dairying Company will be held at the Town Hall. Mr. 8herringham brought in to Molong on Mr. U. Sparke's waggon this week 100 bags of wheat, drawn by 11 horses. A local business-man has promised a gift of a cradle for tbe use of the first-born of every Molong couple who marry this year. Mr. H. W. Francis, late of the Freemasons' Hotel, was in town on Monday. Rumor has it that he is likely to return to Molong. The advertised meeting of the Molong Progress Committee lapsed on Monday night, only three members being present. Doesn't Molong want any progress ? rMr. Eden George, M.P., passed through Molong on Wednesday even ing, on his way home, after a week's touring through part of Ashburnham. He returns on Tuesday nigbt. Three caravan loads of Gypsies (15 all told) struck Molong this week, and camped near the mill. They proved terrible nnisanoes, and the townspeople were glad to see the baoks of them. ike Boomey correspondent to the ' Leader ' says j— The place is fairly swarming -with rab bits ; it is a pity tbe rabbit Inspector does not oall round and star .some of our land holders op. There are some who have not laid one bait since the inception of tbe act. ? The Mayor of Coonamble has called a public meeting to take steps to recognise tbe servioes of Mr. Waddups, tbe looal postmaster, whose plaoe is to be taken by Mr. B. P. Martin, ef Molong. ? Sydney Fleury, the stranger wbo died in Molong Hospital on Wednes day, was picked up in a serious condi tion on tne road near Cardington on Jannara 82, by Mr. P. Bowler. He was suffering from typhoid. Mr. Peterson, Government Dairy expert, has been in the Molong Distriot for seven days. He has visited Burrawong, and on Wednesday went to Bowan Park with Mr. Hawker, manager of tbe Molong Dairy Com pany- ? Following are the dates for parades and musketry course during March quarter ; — Whole day parades — 8rd February and 8rd March.' Musketry Sreliminary drills — 20th— 28 rd March, lclusive. Target practice — 24th— 81st March, inclusive. On Thursday last week lightning set fire to a tree within a short dis tance of Mr.#;; Hoalahan's homestead at Boomey, «*lp«t that he notioed it as be retu$jp%ome from Molong same evening, a conflagration might have occurred. Tbe tree was cut down, and tbeJUoger thus averted. Work at St. John's new Church has been suspended for over a week. Mr. Chalmers, tbe contractor, informs as that three of his carpenters have been laid up— one (Mr. MclnneB) being a typhoid patient in Orange Hospital. He will make things jpum pomewnat when begets andfiber start. , Mr. F. Verdon, of tbe Railway Department, was in Molong last week, lor the purpose of reporting upon tbe application made for a new weigh bridge, and alter making enquiries, that has recommended a bridge of Increased weighing capacity. |t will be erected before next wool peaeon. t : - Wrighii Heabn and Co. have loaded 12,290 bags of wheat at tbe Molong Railway Station during the month of Jan uary. ? In error. The date of tbe forthcoming Cudal Show has been notified as March 22nd and 23rd. It should be March 16. A firf occurred in one of Mr. W. Curtin's paddocks last week, but it was extinguished, after a hard tussle, before any great amount of damage was done. Said that the infant child of one of the Gypsies, who have made themselves sqch nuisances in town during the week, is suffering from measles. Mr. W. C. Packham, of Garra, had 160 acres under wheat this season, hut the yield was small, owing to the late frosts. He cut a large portion of it for hay. Our Garra Correspondent last week wrote that during the recent bush-fire the men worked at it all Saturday, through Saturday night and on Sunday, before it was extinguished. During last year, Ensign McKinnon, of the Salvation Army, who was recently transferred to Cobar, raised £260, or at the rate of over £5 a week. Where does all tbe coin come from ? Rev. Father Hanley tells us that during the course of a residence in Molong of 21 years he has not ex perienced so long a spell of excessively hot weather as tbat of the past few weeks. \ ' Moore's Almanac,' a really excellent publication, says : — Mclong District possesses an inexhaustible supply of excellent marble, rich in color, and remarkably free from flaws and easy of access. Mr. J. Wbittaker, who comes from Cumnock-side, came to Molong at the latter end of last week after a long stay in Orange Hospital — where he underwent a serious operation at tbe hands of Dr. Howse. Last week passed through Molong, Mr. D. A. Davies, once editor of the ' Molong Express,' and a fellow ap prentice of the Abgus proprietor. He is an actor of some repute, bis stage name being Dave Drayton. Still going the newspaper rounds that ' a Molong duck has laid 122 eggs in 122 days without a halt. After a four days' rest she started again, and is still going strong.' And some believe it, and some don't ! Alderman A. D. Millar soon tired of Municipal life — be was elected for a broken term of a few months, and declined to seek re-election. Alder man ic life apparently possesses no charms for tbe genial A. D. | Typhoid has made its appearance in several western towns— Molong folk should be on the alert, and see that drains, outhouses, &c.;, are properly disinfected. Tbe local Inspector of Nuisances must needs keep bis nasal organ about bim during the next few months. Tbe Abous would like to see some of tbe water sent down for analysis Molong people are drinking at present. It is a whole aquarium of tadpoles and such-like monsters of the deep ; and as for colour — well you could paint your rooms an aesthetic saffron with a backet-full. Tbe remains of tbe late Mr. J. M. Spence, of Nandillyan, wbo went re cently to Sydney to seek special medical treatment, and who died there, were interred in the Presbyterian por tion of tbe Mbiong General Cemetery on Friday morning last, Mr. N. McKie officiating. * ? T ? — Mr. W. H. Cousins, of Boomey, planted this season 50 acres of maize, but the hares got at it and have eaten it down level with the earth.He also had a half-acre of vegetables, netted with a broad guage wire, but they demolished the lot just as the cabbage and tomatoes were ready for the table. Early onlfouiidly morning a local storekeeper b|9 1$ ^minister 'stousb' to a man whfi strong lan guage in bis ? iwi 'pC^ey got into bolts on the foo#vR Mid blood flowed freely, but tbe snpeneper gowned his man. and tben_ppked bun up and dumped him ouF din tbe dusty foot way. Picked up in Bank-street, small chain-purse. Apply Abgus office. Mr. C. Gibson, and Miss Gibson, of Yeoval, paid Peak Hill a visit during last week. Three inches of rain in 45 minutes at Blayney on Sunday, and over two inches at Carcoar. Tuesday next will be nomination day in connection with the Molong Municipal elections. Mr. George Dean, wbo has been an inmate of the local Hospital tor the past few weeks, suffering from typhoid, is on tbe mend. The newly-elected Hospital Com mittee meet on Monday evening next, when a chairman to act for the en suing twelve months, and other officers, will be elected. Mr. James Haslam has a couple of important announcements in this issue with regard to property sales. Those who have money to invest should not neglect to peruse them. At Orange on Tuesday, Isaac Black more was fined 10s and costs for al lowing a sheep to stray in the streets of East Orange. Here in Molong stock of one sort and another stray at their own sweet will. Gullum Rassool, late of Molong must be in marital trouble again — he advertises in the 'Wellington Times ' that be will not be responsible for any debts contracted in his name t without his written authority. A washaway occurred on the Cowra line between Blayney and Carcoar about midnight on Sunday last, owing to an exceptionally heavy storm. The result was that the mail train to Molong was about an hour late. Now that forage is becoming more expensive, and grass is drying off, some people are adopting the plan of turning their stock on the streets after nightfall, in order that they may pick j up a feed wherever it is to be found. A correspondent writes from Dilga : The rabbits are becoming very numer ous here now, they are travelling east ward, and the dry weather and consequent scarcity of feed further out is driving thein into this district, where there is plenty of grass and water. Although great numbers are killed with poisoned water, they seem , to get thicker than ever. j Mr. M. J. Kerin, of Balderodgery, writes advising all landowners to work their tanks where, during tbe dry season now being experienced, tbe rabbit pest may be destroyed in thous ands. Mr. Kerin killed over a thousand rabbits caught in one tank enclosure in one nigbt, and says he makes a similar haul almost e^gjrj^ morning. Mr. E. Patmoi'e, wbo bad been for a lengthy period employed at Mr. J. Haslam's store, took his departure from Molong on Tuesday night. Ill health caused him to seek fresh fields. A number of bis friends and fellow employees ' saw bim off' — for ' Pat' was as popular as they make 'em with all and sundry. There is already considerable activ ity amongst some of tbe ladies and gentlemen wbo will be leadiug lights in tbe Miliary Fair to be held during Show weekly They are all bent on raking in-ithe golden coin, and are pitting in WMBe good work in advance. Tbe Fair wflj^be in aid of St. Joseph's Convent School building fund. Complaint having been made that teimsters surround tbe town pump near tbe Recreation Ground, to tbe exclusion of tbe townspeople who want water, the Mayor has given in structions to tbe Inspector of Nuisances to tbe effect that tbe approaches to tbe pump shall be kept clear. Like ' Jo ' in ' Bleak House,' tbe teamsters must ' move on.' ' Orange Leader ' referring to tbe train arrangements in connection with tbe recent Fire Brigades* Demonstra tion, says : Numbers of would-be passengers to Orange from the Forbes line were left on tbe platforms as tbe mail train passed their stations. We are assured tbat fully 100 were crowded cff the train at Molong. Auuus is informed by the Molong stationmaster that this statement is. not correct — all intending passengers being duly trained to their destination. Sports at Garra for Wednesday, 14th February, are advertised in this issue. Two girls, cook and laundress, wanted by Mrs. Keer, Miners' Arm's, Canowindra. ? Remember tbat your income-tax returns must be sent in not later than February 3. 'Johnny' Vane tbe last of Ben Hall's notorious gang of bush- rangers, died in tbe Cowra Hospital on Tues day, aged 64. Owing to tbe large quantity of stock daily watered at the well near the Rec. tbe supply is diminishing. One day this week over 125 horses slaked their thirst at this well. Mr. J. Carraghor, son of Mr. and Mrs. Carragher, Molong, was married at tbe local Roman Catholic Church on Tuesday to MissE. Neville, daugh ter of Mr. Neville, of tbe Shades. A number of horses which are to take part in tbe grass-fed meeting at Orange are expected to arrive at Molong to-day, to be turned out on Larras Lake, under tbe conditions which are stipulated in connection with this meeting. A Walgett correspondent describes the beat since Christmas as ' simply awful, killing even the rabbits.' Many people have temporarily left the disrict. A nice place to fight shy of is . Walgett— in summer-time, anyhow. ' Mining is brisk out Euchareena way. About 20 men are at work out there, and some new ground is being taken up at Spring Creek, alluvial claims. Staines and party of four men got half a pound weight of gold last week. Rev. Canon Alldis last week preached a very eloquent and kindly phrased memorial sermon at Eucha reena in reference to tbe death of Mrs. Brazier, an old and highly respected late resident of that place. i J udging by the keen interest evinced by the delegates in the forthcoming United Friendly Societies' Sports, the movement should pan out most suc cessfully. The meetings each Friday evening are well-attended, and every- ' one seems bent on making the daiy's outing pleasant and profitable. v T be Kerang Farmers'. League has carried a resolution protesting against a fixed duty on harvesters, or any other agricultural machine or imple ment, and objecting to any increased duty on such implements. A farther resolution was carried protesting against tbe appointment of a second commercial agent. , ] Tbe following is a recipe furnished by a Manildra lady for making yeast 4or use in hot weather : Juice of one lemon, 3 table-spoons full brown sugar, 3 table- spoons full float made into a batter with waterhtbStt Enough to pour into a bottle. JpHp a* 3 p.m. ; will be fit to set atamgot. Tie cork down. It makes bread equal to best bakers. Amongst visitors to Molong at pre sent is Mr. McLean, wbo came here from Coonamble to get cool. He says Molong is an iceberg compared with Coonamble, where you can hear tbe sizzle of tbe water in tbe wells. Mr. McLean, with bis people, were farm ing on the Orange road 17 years ago. Since then he has been resident at the capital of the Castlereagh. Mr. Maxwell Crockett, wbo has been a patient in Molong Hospital for over six months, is hopeful of being able to leave that institution in the course of a fortnight or three weeks. Tbe old chap has passed through a trying time, tbe scalding injuries be received hav ing been most severe and painful. He must surely have a cast-iron constitu tion to stand what he has — for Mr. | Crockett has attained a good ripe age. 8\. D. Bennett & Co., report having held a most successful sale at Mr. W. T. Sherringbaui's. Prices obtained woro vary high — aged draught horses bringing i'21, £26, £28 and £30 ; ponies brought £8, £9, £15 and £16 6s ; saddle horses £7, £8, £9 ; cattle up to £5 17s 6 J ; sheep, aged ewes brought 12s 6d ; waggons harness and other goods brought exceptionally high prices. There was a largo attendance. Tbe refreshments were all tbat could be**desired, and tbe wants of all were attended to by % i number oi ladies. 