TREMENDOUS BUSH FIRES. DARLING STATIONS SWEPT. Melbourne, November 28. It is reported from Mildura that the fire raging on the Darling runs the full width of the Albemarle boundary, and that it will extend to adjoining runs. A strong west wind has been blowing, which has caused the fire to travel many miles a day, and it has a 70 miles' face. All the cattle, horses, and sheep are safe on Moorara and adjoin- ing runs, held by Mr. Benjamin Chaffey. It is said that only a thunderstorm can stop the fire. There was a thunderstorm at Mil- dura to-day, but it is not known whether it extended to the Darling country. Yes- terday Tolarno run was burnt, and on the previous day Terrwinnia, Mount Monaro, and other runs were swept. The extent of damage done cannot be ascertained for a few days. It is not known to what ex- tent the homesteads on the runs have been affected. The runs principally concerned were only just recovering from the effects of a long drought. Mr. Chaffey's country, -Moorara, Graspan, and other stations were only recentlv acquired. Broken Hill, November 28. It is not considered likely that any great loss of stock will result from the grass fire which is raging 70 miles from Broken Hill. The country which is being devastated was heavily grassed owing to the recent abun- dant rainfall and Tintinallogy station re- sembled a wheatfield. The stock will be saved in case of emergency by burning off, and then driving the stock on to the charred land. Mr. J. Turnley, of Tolarno station, has telegraphed from Victoria Lake to Mr. J. Dunne, the manager of Netley station, that the fire is still about seven miles from the Tolarno boundary, and, he adds. "I think it will be possible to keep it off." Mr. J. Dunne is also in receipt of a telegram from Mr B. Chaffey, of Moorara station, in which the latter states:-"Just returned from the nearest point possible to the fire. The fire is the full width of the Albemarle boundary now, and is about on us. It 's also coming from the Manfred side. It 's a terrific fire, and I am not sure whether it has not gone in sufficiently far on the Albemarle to go down the river. It is burning the whole country out, and I see no possible hope of escape. If necessary will you take 150 horses for a week or two? I have 35,000 Karpakora sheep on the road to the river. I hope to beat the fire yet." ' AN ALARMING OUTLOOK Wentworth, November 26. A serious menace has made its appearance in the Western Darling in the shape of a big bush fire. The whole countryside above Pooncarie along the Darling is being burnt out owing to the abundance of luxuriant grass and other feed. The flames are travel- ling with great rapidity, being 60 miles across, 10 ft. high, and are unapproachable to within one mile. The fire is expected on Karpakora station to-night, and every available hand is being employed in remov- ing the stock. The sky «s overcast, indi- cating rain, and unies it comes there ia nothing to prevent the fire from travelling onward down the Darling to Avoca and other stations near Wentworth. The out- look is most alarming, and the devastation already wrought is most disheartening to those who struggled on manfully through the times of drought. Feed is plentiful throughout the district, and should the fire continue an enormous amount of damage will be done. 