BY EFT ABE. THE Victorian Government haB completed the purchase of Mr. George Chirn side's Werribee Park estate. The price paid is £13 an acre. There are 24,000 acres, the cheque to be paid to Mr. Cbirnside being about £312,000. THE Premier of New South Wales is as bad as a wet blanket for those property owners and others who are liviDgin hopes that Dalgety will be finally selected as the site of tbe federal capital. Mr. Carruthers says that any such idea is a phantasy. THE New South Wales Railway Commissioners have refused a request made by a deputation to grant train tickets at reduced fares to, shearers, for the reason that the conditions of the shearers' employment were not analagous with those of workmen living on tbe suburban railway lines. THE recent action of Judge Fitz harding in declining to have an aboriginal sworn at an inquiry was reviewed by the Full Court in Sydney. The Chief Justice said that Judge Fitzharding had made a great mistake, which had led to a gross mis-trial. ANOTHER illustration of the wonders of dairy farming, which has proved such a good thing in Queensland and the other States: -From a farm of 121 acres on the rich Wai mate Plains, Taranaki (says a New Zealand paper) £125 in milk cheques was taken for last month. The same farm, which was formerly part of the Powdrell estate, carries a cow to the acre all the year round, besides calves and sundry horses. LORD Plunket, Governor of New Zealand, had an unusual experience the other day. He was the guest of an up- country agri cultural and pastoral association at a luncheon held on the show- ground, but when his Excel lency was about to enter the luncheon-room an over- zealous caterer demanded his ticket. " Oh, I was invited here," smilingly said Lord Plunket. The caterer was disused to doubt the story, and stood firm until an official hurriedly explained to him who tbe gentleman without a ticket was, and then he hastily "passed bim in." As little incidents like these do no barm, those in high places ought to thoroughly enjoy them ; the look of conster nation on the faces of those responsible for such accidents should make ample amends for any unintentional elur cast upon the high person's dignity. AT Jugiong, N.S.W., a traveller was fined £6 10s., in default two months, for ignit- ing inflammable material within three yards of grass lands on Nanangrove station. The fire destroyed 1000 acres of grass, and the fencing of the station. The homestead and outbuild- ing were saved with difficulty. Station owners who are at the mercy of those who carelessly use fire will consider that the punishment ought to be made to fit the crime. £6 is not much to pay for the fun of destroying a lot of fencing, a thousand acres of grass, and placing the buildings themselves in jeopardy. JIMBOUR station, which is lately to be purchased by the Government, comprises 127,000 acres. A Toowoomba paper says tbat previous to the drought the station carried a sheep to the acre, 2000 head of cattle, and 800 horses. It would be feeding more than 100,OOD sheep if a certain proportion of rich loose loam, which was eaten clean out in tbe drought, had had a simple cultivator or seed drill furrowed through its pulverised surface, and prairie or fixed grass seed planted therein. It is esti mated that Jimbour will eventually maintain and support nearly 4QQ farming families. THE Duke of Connaught, who has been visiting South Africa, studied the condi tions of Chinese labor in the Transvaal. He saw the accommodation provided for tbe laborers, and he is satisfied tbat they are thoroughly well boused. He says that the sanitary conditions are of the best, the food is ample and excellent, and the coolies them selves are good workmen, and well-behaved. -They might be good workmen while the boss is around, and as far well-behaved, well, some of the coolies appear to be anything but that when they get loose at' night and prowl around in the dark murdering and stealing according to tbe cables. As Soers are mostly tbe sufferers, is that why tbe coolieB are " well- behaved"-in some British eyes ? BELTGEBENTS and other covetous people are warned to "beware of tbe dog," ana keep away from Seddonland, otherwise they will get a bad reception. Mounting his iiigh horse tbe other day the Premier said they had a foroe of over 20,000, and additional com panies of rifle clubs were offering. With re gard to defence matters generally, he said tbe country never was in a better position, and he did not think that any nation on tbe face of the globe would dare to attempt to set foot in New Zealand (!!) They would have great initial difficulties in getting here, and if they got here they would have such a warm reception that they would be very sorry they ever came. REGARDING the removal of rails from Croydon, Mr. Denham explains that this action will not delay the construction of the line from Croydon to Georgetown by one half-hour. When tbe line is through from Almaden to Georgetown-for which work the Cbillagoe Co. have five years-it is highly probable that if the Government are in power at that time they will link up Kormanton with Cairns by constructing the portion from Croydon to Georgetown. The main object ef taking the rails is to expedite the contruction of tbe rail way to Croydpn, and it is purely a commercial transaction. When Parliament authorises the Croydon-Georgetown line rails can soon be ob tained for tbat purpose.-The rails have been lying idle at Croydon for 14 years 1 WHEN a notorious criminal named George Drown, who conducts himself at times as iE be were insane, was sentenced at Ade laide to 10 years on various charges of theft, he yelled out at the judge, while leaving the dock, " If ever I regain my liberty, and you are living, I will blow your brains out, you savage, you monster ME. J. C. Watson, Leader of the Federal Labor Party, says the members of his i following will make a test question of a pro gressive land tax at the next election. An ex change remarks that as the States will want this source of revenue, it will not be surprising if Premier Kidston forestalls Mr. Watson and i introduces a land tax next session. IT is said that Mr. John Burns, the well-known Labor member, once asserted that no man is worth more than £500 a year. In his new position as a Cabinet Minister in Eng land he will be compelled to accept that income multiplied by four. A momentary embarasa ment may assail him. Should thcBe cheques be returned ? or should he retain the £500 and refund the £1500 ? Dcbing last year 0,404,218 rabbits and hares were exported from New South Wales, while the rabbit and bare skins ex- j ported weighed 2,587,6681b. A truly wonder ful pest. Tbe drought killed off millions be sides, bush-fires destroyed millions, trappers poisoned millions, floods drowned millions, and yet still millions remain! AN Italian newspaper has been in stituting an enquiry in order to ascertain the causes which determine tbe rise in the prico of certain eatables, and SUOWB that lamb is quoted in Home at 5d. a lb. only when the sirocco is blowing. During the traniontana, or north wind, it is retailed at 7J<3\. the lb. The state of the weather makes no difference in the pricc of meat out this way, whether the winds are hot ones or cool ones, probably for the reason that tbe meat has no chance of going bad owing to customers being Berved early, and any left over (meat, not customers) being speedily con signed to the saltingitable. THE annual election of Mayor causes some difficulty in a number of municipalities, and deadlocks and other things frequently hap pen. There are ways of getting over the trouble, however,, some, delightfully simple, dthers rather troublesome. When the Muni cipal Council at Murwillumbab could not elect their Mayor the other day the members adopted a simple means of settling the affair the candidates' names were placed in a hat and the winner drawn from it. This way is as easy as tossing a coin to decide which of two rival candidates should occupy the seat of honor. Drawing from tbe bat is recommended to Kockhampton. In the Fitzroy city the annual function comes as a difficult problem, accompanied with much bitterness of spirit and high feeling, with unfailing regularity. IN fifty years time the women of America will have ousted men both in the busi-1 neBs and public affairs of the country, as tho proportion of women to men in tbe high schools at present Is four to one, so declares Professor 8\. B. McCormick, of Pennsylvania. The opin ion is not ventured as to what the poor men will be doing. Perhaps it is understood that they will remain at home minding tbe baby, should the women fifty years hence be bothered with tbe responsibility of having such an en cumbrance, and have not grown out of such a commonplace affair, compared with making dollars, as getting married. AN English firm is now manufactur ing whisky from sawdust, and we may there fore be able to get whisky " direct from the wood" in Queensland shortly. THEKE is a continued exodus from Charters Towers to Vancouver. New Zealand, and Argentine. Ten persons left a few days ago. IT is fashionable to be literary. I know a girl who talks literature morning, noon, and night. Asked her what she thought of Scott's " Ivanhoe." She thought it was " per fectly lovely!" and Scott's " Lady of the Lake ?" " Delicious !" and Scott's Emulsion ? " The best thing he ever wrote !" THE Sydney Labor Council seems to make it a practise to oppose everything the PaBtoralists Associations propose to do. In re gard to rabbit destruction, the executive of the Council brought up the following recommenda tion :-" That we view with profound alarm the proposal of Professor Danys/. t*^, inoculate rabbits with the virus of a contagious and fatal disease, possibly communicative to man, and therefore urge upon the Government the de sirableness of prohibiting its introduction and dissemination." As it is not likely that the authorities would allow anything to be done that was dangerous to the public, the Council have no reason for feeling "profoundly alarmed." I supposo if tho l'astoralists pro posed to increase wages all round the Council would oppose that also out of pure cussedness. AT a meeting of tbe Fylde, Lanca shire (England) Board of Guardians it was stated that the amount of plum pudding con sumed by inmates of the workhouse, including the sick, at Christmas, averaged lib. per hoaa men, women, and children. A member stated that one old man died of over-eating. He had a second helping of pudding, and died happy. Two Riverina lads are credited with having ridden 93 miles in a single day. One of the hardy young Australians (Anderson by name) put up a record last year of 23J hours in tbe saddle without a rest, carrying messages, water and tucker to men engaged in fighting bush-fires. This might not be as good a per formance as that put up by an American cow boy (noted last week), but it is creditable enough for anything. THE pension question in America is a most formidable one, and it is growing BO big that a great overhauling of the whole tiling will soon be inevitable. The enormous sum of eighty million pounds a year is now absorbed by the pensioners, this being one-third of the entire revenue of the 1'nited States. The pen sions range from £5 to £500 per annum. Forty years ago the entire pensions of the country did not reach .£30,000 per year. In ten years they had jumped to £6,000,000, and in ten years more to <£11,000,000, while a few years ago they had attained the enormous sum stated. Compared with this the pensions paid in Australia amount to a very small sum in deed per annum, but all of us who do not re ceive one consider the total much too big. THK six hundred and seventy seats in the House of Commons are apportioned thus:-England, 465 seats; Ireland, 103 ; Scotland, 72 ; Wales, 30. Suppose payment of members was adopted. As the Federal mem bers of Australia are starving (as some of them allege they are) on £8 per week, that sum would probably be hardly enough for England, and the salary would be .£10 or more per week -say £10. 670 at .£10 would be £6700 per week, or .£384,400 per annum ! Katlier much even for such a wealthy country as Great Britain, and perhaps if payment of members ever is adopted there, it will be some scheme for assisting those who are really in need of it, such as Labor members who rely on societies for their keep while representing them in Par liament. A is not supposed to know the meaning of slang words, and often pretend in Court that they do not. Hut Judge Kogers, of New South Wales, is not bound by precedent in the matter of professing an entire ignorance of slang. He is prepared, under certain cir cumstances, to explain its shades of signifi cance. In a case at Darlinghurst the condition of the intelligence of the accused (a young man) was under discussion. A juryman asked : " Do you think the prisoner is a young man who is-is what you call-er, balmy A constable said that, on the contrary, he was of opinion that accused was a particularly smart young man, and a keen dealer. And tbe Judge, without a smile, turned to the jury and said: " ' Balmy,' gentlemen, means * a shingle short.'" THIEVES are usually very careful in disguising the big things that may lead to their detection, but often forget the little things, and in that way trouble for them often lies. Recently in Sydney a thief was followed up, identified, and convicted on the evidence of half a coat-button, which he had left behind him, after breaking that useful article in a hur ried exit through a window. Hut for a man to be traced by a wax match is quite out of tbe ordinary. Yet this is what happened in Bendigo. When a constable found a peculiar brand of wax matches in a room where a rob bery had taken place, he was able to secure samples of the same brand in the possession of a man whom he suspected as the thief, and upon that evidence lie provided just the one link that was required to definitely connect tho suspect with the robbery. As was expected, the Croydon folk became excitedly indignant over the proposed removal of railway material from there. While there's life (or rather while the material was there) there's hope, and Croydon's great ambi tion to have railway communication with Georgetown was kept alive by the sight of the material-3500 tons of it-lying ready. But tenders were called for the removal of it for use elsewhere, and then the people seemed to lose their heads entirely, and poor Kidston and tbe Government had a bad' time of it at their hands. Wild and bitter language was used re garding the Premier, and ridiculous threats of using physical force and resistance if necessary are alleged to have been made. Business and mining men at Croydon unanimously declared that the removal of the rails to be nothing short of infamous robbery on the part of the Government, and regretfully say that nothing is now left for the Gulf residents but to roll up their swaps and clear out, as there is no hope of obtainining justice at the bands of the Gov ernment.-They have managed very well with out the railway for a good many years, so why has everybody to pack up and clear out when they have to do without the railway for a few years more, perhaps ? 