WEVEHTIOW OF BBSI-BIKS. The season ot the year daring which busb fires ars to bs feared bae now begun, and we have been request! by tbe Government to invite attention to the matter, and to express thn hope that all classes ol the community will combine to prevent, as far as possible, any wcurrenoe of tbe fires which de vastated large tracts of eountry alant this time last year, and Inflicted heavy lows upon settlers far and wide. Government officers stationed st tbe eountry have been instructed to aid In tho desired direction as far as feasible, hut the question as to whether toy district shall bs Immuns from out breaks of firs lo reality rests with the local residents themarivw, and on their good tense and judgment the Govern ment confidently relies. Tt is hoped that steps will be taken to form Fire Brigades In appropriate Centres, and that a we0-organls«l plan of campaign sritl bs arranged for adop tion in tM event of there bring out breaks of firs. The nnestlon of the causes, and afeo of the bM steps to take with a view to rhreklng the spread of bush fires, wa» exhaustively investigated aft tbs Instance of the Government laal year, nnd from the reports obtained It ! clear tbnt hush fires ars generally, if not Invariably, to he prevented by proper enra In certain directions by resident In eountry districts. Vosl prominent among the causes of hush fires was shown to bs the careless use of wax matches, and it ! hoped thnt the general public will further the object In view bv refraining from carrying wax matches, as far as pos sible, or rnrrinltr extinguishing tnmn when the object for which they havu l>een lit has been attained. Bo Im portant a factor In. the question of hush tires arc wax matches bcuevca to be, thnt the Government has thought it advisable to appeal to country storekeepers to refrain from selling them during the summer months nnd to stock only wooden matches, nnd it is honed that the community ot largo will .discountenance the use of wax mntchw dnringths-.tinnimer months. In . view, of the.dlrnstrotis results to lie feared from them In careless and irre sponsible hands. ' Tt ta generally believed that th'e use of phosphorus for poisoning rabbits Is another prolific cause of bush fires." hut the investigations conducted seem to show that danger need only he feared from phosphorus baits care lessly prepared. Under the circumstances, (he Govern ment appeal to pastoreUsts and others using phofjilorus balls, to. mix them with proper care, in order 'that bit danger- may be obviated. Xachlne- mlxera are told for preparing and cutting up the bait, which minimise tbe risk- incurred by hand-mixing, and, in addition, properly prepared baits ready for. uso may bo obtained from reliable firms. The preparation of "fire-breaks." for the purpose of preventing the spread of fires, cannot be too strongly recommended. Tho difficulty of safely burning the gross after it becomes dry enough is fully recognised, but with tho use of grass fire.extineuisbars and properly made beaters— which should bo a flat piece ol stout raw hide, cut egg-shape, and attached to a handl— the operation can bo safely performed, , if a suitable day Is chosen. It may : bo mohtioned that tbe Railway. Commis sioners are taking eteps to burn tbe grass along tbe railway Unas, with a view to preventing tno posumuty oi bush fires from sparks or cinders from locomotives. Around each homestead there should bo a good wide firebelt, and fences should also 'be protected in the some way. The grass fire-extinguisher— that is to aay, a tank on wheris,' with, a force- pump ' and hoio attachment— Is > tho best means of : coping with a bush fire when once it haa started, and the pto- vision of such appliances in appropri ate centre le strongly rooommended. 