TUESDAY'S BUSHFIRES. THE MOUNT MERCER CONFLAGRATION. TWENTY MILES OF COUNTRY DEVASTATED. DAMAGE ESTIMATED AT £20,000. HOMESTEADS AND OUTBUILDINGSDESTROYED. FLOCKS DECIMATED. A PICTURE OF DESOLATION. (BY OUR OWN REPORTER.) Perticulars of the great bush fire wtuch raged on Tuesday from Enfield to Elaine, and from Mount Mercer to Hardie’s Hill, gleaned from a visit paid to the burnt-out. district yesterday by o ■representative of “The Star.” reveal a lamentable state of affairs, -the whole of this fine farming district being burnt black, and thousands of pounds worth of damage done. All around one meets with evidences of the power of the des tioying element burnt and blackened paddocks, demolished fencing, twisted •wires, posts crumbling to cinders, and Here and there tho chimneys standing cn the spot, wliere once a. home flourish ed.: at times crowded into corners the charred bodies of sheep, some of them ■with the spark of life still feebly flutter ing. and, though rarely, the carcase of a fine cow ar.bulhJek. At odd places one might see a singed, suffering herse. and only too common were blackened and still smoking stacks of bay or oate. The path of the fire is only too painfull? evident, and those wlto lived amongst I what were on Monday smiling corn fields, with the wheat, and oats stocked and ready for carting, where the homes of tho formers stood amidst their gar dens, and' whereevery prospect was cal culated to please; wore yesterday gazing upon a scene of desolation and ruin. 'The little village of Grenville, the centre of this splendid area, escaped aost-ruc-) tion bv merest ohanco; indeed, at onej time, tlie State school was ablaze, and! was only saved from demolition by the, herculean efforts of the resid mts. Thousands of sheep perished in the! flames, hundreds of thousand# of acres of grass and miles of fencing were des troyed. and with them went several of ,the most prosperous of the homesteads, -burnt to tlie ground with all their fur niture. It is difficult to esimate the amount of damage caused by the fire, which residents assert- was the biggest known for many’ years. Many of the residents have lost, everything, even to the buggy in which they usually drove into Buninyong to do business, and several have had their stacks, from the proceeds of which they expected to make this years living, utterly des izroYtxl* Fortmnntely “tho lists of per* sonal injuries was a very small one, though several maiwellously narrow es were recorded. The path of the fir© can, as stated,' be traced with only I too painful clearness. As far as can bo judged, it started in the Enfield dis triot. where, it is alleged, some persons were burning- off stunips in a paddiCK. The fire cot away, and fanned by the boisterous‘hot wind, soon gathered force, and began to sweep ncros the country towards Mount Mercer. The grass land through the district, is exceptional, y heavy, and some of the paddocks had particularly’fine-grass on. As paddock after paddock was seized upon by the fire n vast column of smoko was earned upward, and the flames leapt. 30 and 40 j feet into the air. lte sgbt was «n awe-, inspiring one, and tho se.tlero,- realisi g tlrat at any moment their homes mi ht be threatened, turned out in alldirec taons to assist in fighting the flames. The first holding invaded was that of Mr Allen, who has.a. large area of graz ing land on the Enheldsde. The fire swept through this l-ko ff- tornado,, carrving grass and fencing before it, and' burnt into M'aays holding. Mr M'Kav bad from 600 to 1000 sheep on the paddocks, but ho and hrnjnon uere on tho look-out,, and succeeded m ter a lot of trouble, in mustering all but a few of the sheep and- yarding them on the ploughed land near the h , that, though the fire came very close m, tho flock was saved. ' Mr A. MTiacMan, who rinanages the next big hcl-.iing fbr.iff liindsJiy, larat, had a->ery uMortunate_«cpCTri <mre. The fire burnt tiie grosy off allhia paddocks, and of 1600- mazing on -tho land no fewer than STO lore roasted to death. Mau? f were made to save'the uiffortlftateam mals, but the-wall_of flame whi!oh suept across the land precluded any reaching them, and they all miserably. Tlie flames came to tho homreb.-ad roduoed shed to ashes, and burnt manj- rt .be Stbuildings iS erpafccsk thflfc "«• . saved. Mr MTnchlan “kumM? 8 the value of tho lofijt shoep at 12s each, and Ids total loss as_£2ooa . . ' Messrs . <W; #o hare Jtney were It ~, J I ■■nearly.-, all, aoihiyS'J u»-l : ;■ Mr w. D. w)&4 990 acres adiosps file one tioned;- ; was' ale o.fortun e„- -.in , -Se sheep and and f-encmg cwerebiswebt (off* tLe, uSd hnd Wk? fife ripnt-wpl to Kin a feiv yariis l of / -the-l>bifbe^itepLL-- A most unfortunate experience was now comer, ly: taken ntho McHint-Morce^hg^sjoad. Mr K r : on which' wfere -2000 aheepy |XK> ‘force that it •: save.them,.. .. twith:the,Twisteinco tirig i. af; •pmaiWeTmdlafeo MB head 06 .tattle ?nd 'doetaadonord® «tae# ★anexfcilM, wnd would consider himself fortunate. In this case also the flames burnt up almost to the very doors of the homestead, and all the grass and fencing were swept away. Mr R. Leigo, the nest door neighbor, lost 700 acres of grass and nearly all liis fencing. He estimates that about 50 sheep perished in the flames, which went across one corner of the property. Mr Walter Laidlaw was another heavy loser. In common with others his property was cleared of all the grass and fencing. The firo burnt right up to the home, and seized upon the out buildings and stables which were des troyed. while a dray that was in one of the sheds was also so burnt as to be useless. Mr Laidlaw lost a fine mare, | valued at £35, which was burnt to | death. Sir Laidlaw had some 200 owes in the out-paddocks. _ and as he somewhat- pathetically put it ho was afraid to go out and look for (them. One of the heaviest losers in the dis trict was Mr Duncan M'Kenzie. He had a fine property, well stocked nnd in good grass, but the fire not only clearea 800 acres of the grass off, but eight miles of fencing was swept away. lor tunately the stock, with the exception of a few sheep, was savod, but Mr M'Kenzie suffered severely, for tho flames burnt right up to his house, and swept away the outbuildings, amongst the property burnt being a reaper and binder, a dray, a chaffcutter. and a quantify of harness. A heavier *oss, however, awaited Mt M'Kenzie, for the fire sweeping across the paddocks bore down on two houses, one of. six rooms and another of five, which were oo cupied by his sons, who re dau*} fsrni ers. Despite strenuous efforts made Ko savo them, both houses were burnt to the ground, the young fellows saving only their clothes. Almost every head of poultry on Mr farm perished in the flames, and it is dif ficult to estimate the amount- of Ins j losses. He was absent from home at t-lie time, being at the Ballarat stock sales, but he bore bis hoary loss stoical lv and thanked Providence that his j cheque book was not "burnt also. Mr j M'Kenzie has had some very bad luck | with liis cattle, as only a short tame ago j ho lost 69 dairy cows through their eat- j ing tho carcases of poisoned rabbits, and i also through the locusts' eating the grass. 1.,.''" Messrs Turner Bros, were also heavy , losers. The fire went across part of their holding, destroying 100 acres of , grass, while about 100 sheep were also | roasted to death. Mrs A. Crawford and Mr W. Craw ford lost from 30 to, 50 acres of grnss and a quantity of fencing. . ■ Mr W. Gillott- lost all his grass on I 400 acres of holding,■; and his fences | were swept-away. but he able to get | his stock out safely, only a few sheep i being burnt. ',' v -' ] Mr A. Hitchcock was a heavy loser. | Not only was all the grass burnt off lus | oaddocks but the flames bore down on the homestead- with-.such velocity that the residents almost abandoned hope of sating it. They were eventually able to keep the fire, which ignited the house three or four tames, in check, but the stables were destroyed, and a valuable buggy burnt, wliile two stacks of; hay, onoof 30 tons, and another of 20 tons, were utterly swept away. The horses were ‘saved, though several of them, were badly singed. Fortunately there was a good supply of water in the well,; and by dint- of vigorous pumping and. use -of'buckets the house was rescued from destruction. : Messrs D. Crawford and C. Barber were out in the paddocks getting sheep out; when they observed, Mr Hitchcock's t house catch ou fire, and leaving the sheep they galloped back to the homestead and assisted in saying Mr W. Twomey lost.Jieavily. The flames swept right across his paddodm, consuming 100 acres of grass, and a largo quantity of fencing. A large stack of wheat, together with a. waggon loaded with sheaves, which stood beside ft were wholly destroyed. ’ ‘Mr Twomey had almost finished carting and had a very fine stack house-caught fire'in half a dozen places at once, and a wall of flame enveloped it, rendering hopeless to attempt to save it. The house and furniture were completely destroyed. In fact-Mr Twomey may he said-to have, lost everything he pos-, messed hutHho'dalrid -itself. The house. I*' Messrs 1 M‘Koiizio°Bros. r 'holding, hi* that r of Mr-.Tworaqy, -wfis,^eptof. everything. .1:1 A. bofird--,lto*ae: wept-, witkrtme fpmiturq, , dike aabdx of >matches,- and onlyv tfte ;chimneys weto.leftvstafflding,:, : crFdrty; ' SO ton stocks i OLihsyy ■ this ktaies.lftpdk'ciftß-outter, were: alsd; ’assayed.' ,Ti r, -" , ■%* •f$ •Mr .T. Bowden".loit u0■ acreSjorgraefc, andTtf.'large r -flUCTtity-.,-of n fencing weije destroyed, r4>ut [iaLQ hpuse was saved.- D f v - ®r CKapman ßvrai t another 'Sdki-pWef. ! -d-'-Hirf- gnus'-arid-;' fencing lyai ! hifne''Wt'the -taifie-; lost Sttawsreei ! „rra> „Vft» i: ijPhay? v 'doubW mowqhedi an<L ltsdf .wi?. saved. - xviedsxSt \- Thg~fife7TraToreod- cock; jun.’aiTlgpygrty with ; disastrous results to the crops.' - Ho lost, one stack of Ml dodclf :?.3r.5J-VrOfTfiOD ft . ;,bn C /.a•' Mrs fed Bok«tarffßStoM9r, -*t grm m » but ’ffiiflcrpp•¥«: saved and; the ; house escapedrit.be .flames. ."V The'following lost grass and. fenc ing—Messrs" John Jewell,' John Hayes, T.' HayeSi'P. O'Connell, T.. Neville, J. tiourke, dnd.M. Flannagan. •. .e- Af-'ono time’it .appeared ..as .if ithe Ettle'townsliip of ! Grenville - was to ibe. Swept" "ftway' by.’the flames. Mr: Two moy’s bouse,' which 1 'is.' close 1 intothe ' a&'titatfcd, destroyed* by the flames, which' then spread right l jtnd loft and vburnt right’. info “the*;inttin street. . The.- villagers a. sniall .one, comprising .Male .and . Minjfie’s hotel, atoro end .post, office, a Union Church, State-school, a • blacksmith’s shop.-aiid .ten or a dozen- houses. The fire raged fiercely down the street, and at , one time Male and MinifieV premises r were ablaze, bnt by dint of energdtic: use .of water and firo beaters'. in-• which Mi&s; Ethel Male distinguished hereelf-to ad miration, the flames wore beriten hack. Further «p . the'street the ‘fencing around the State school caught alight in a dozen places. Everyone was too busily engaged in keeping Vthe fire off his own Diane .to mind those .of -others, and Mr. J. Saunders and his ,young son, Cyril Saunders.- tackled the; job ,of sav ing the school alone. They had a stem fight, the lad doing splendid work and between them thoy 6aved the building. At one time it looked as if the wholo township was doomed to destruction, hurt the precaution taken e-Krlier in the day when it was known that the .fire was advancing on the township—of damping the grass in the main street, and around the houses, and burning hack, doubtless saved it; The district recreation reserve—the old Grenville 6how ground—was burnt out complete ly. After going through the township the fire crossed the River Leigh as though it were onlv a ditch, and got into the bush country. It burnt- right down to Austin’s Hill, on the La mud el Estate, and shortly after 1 o’clock in the morning a fairly heavy shower fell and arrested its further progress. Tho whoel area covered by the fire ex tended from Enfield to Larundel, and from Handle’s Hill to Mount Mercer, roughly 30 miles by 10 miles. The damage dono is immense. Hundreds of miles of fencing has been destroyed, thousands of acres of ground stripped of grass, ho'mestoads ruined, . and stock burnt in all directions. Those who were seen by our representative yester day estimate the total damage sustain ed by residents at not lees than £20,000. Many of the younger settlers have re ceived a set back which it ‘will take them years to recover from. The older residents have also suffered severely, and the loss in sheep has been very great, especially in view of the high prices ruling. It may be of interest to mention those who .were most prominent in tlie fire-fighting work, which was carried on from'9 o’clock in the morning. They worc Messrs'J. Saunders, Master Cyril Saunders. Messrs G'. 'Brimiicombe. Al len,; W. D. Clarke. TV. ' Kendall, R. Leigo. 0. M’Kenzie TV. Laidlaw, TV. and -T. Simpson, Turner (2). Gillett, Crawford i2). Hitchcock (21. C. Barber, Twomey, M’Kenzie, Bowden, Chapman. Freeman'."' Roberts, Jewell, Hayes, O’Connell, Martin. .O’Loghlen, TVylie, Bourkc, and "Flanagan. 