nfROYEMEHTSt The Estate is well fenced and divi ded into 26 grazing, 20 cultivation, ind 4 lucerne paddocks, in all 50 paddocks. Many of the blocks will be fouid to be already fenced. There are also 14 well built cottages on various portions of the estate, together with sheds, yards, Ac. All the lm 'provements on the property, which [include a very line homestead, wool «hed, yank, out-buildings, sheds. ifcc., are in first clsss repair, built of the very best procurable material, and have been well kept. . KJLE1BING. The greater portion of the estate comprises open plains, the balance lightly timbered ridges, the bulk of which is ringbarked and timber dead many years. The most thickly tim bered lands can be cleared and made ready for the plough at a cost of a few shillings per acre. ROADS AND RAILWAY. Not only is the subdivision iti close touch with the railway at Inverell, but there is the ByroA platform ad joining the estate. This serves as an outlet for the Rob Roy side of the estate and all those farmu betweeu Bannockburn and the Mclntyre River. The estate is splendidly provided with roads. There are three main macada mised roads dividing up the property and giving quick and easy transport to Inverell or the railway with any part of the subdivision. INVERELL. THE GARDEN OF THE NORTH. \ The district of Inverell is considered one of the show places of New South , Wales. While other localities werei struggling in the rigors of the recent; drought Inverell was steadily pro-j grossing. Its lands were being eagerly ] sought after by both pastoralists and i farmers ; its fat stock were being sent in thousands to Sydney and Melbourne, j For the past three years the advancing prosperity has been unequalled in any part of the State. The Government picked on this district in which to! make its first trial of closer settlement — a fact which speaks volumes for the Lands Department's opinion of the district. Any difficulties which the Government has experienced with this subdivision, even opponents of the measure admit came througli bad handling and red tape methods. The Bannockburn subdivision, -'0 miles from Iiiverell and on the far side of Byron, has , disposed of every farm, and that, too, all privately. Every piece of country that comes into the market is eagerly sought after, but the trouble is that present holders arc loth lu sell. It is only some special circum stance, like the death of Mr. Alexander Cruickshank, the late owner of Byron, whereby any considerable area of country is made available to men uf limited means. A BUSINESS-LIKE TOWN. The town of Jnvmoll ha^gonc ahead with leaps and bounds. it has a population of 1000 people, and is situated on the Mclntyre River, 509 miles by rail north of Sydney. Dur ing the past three years a sum of over £300,000 has been spent in tbe erec tion of new buildings. Some of the stores and public offices, as will be seen from the pictures we reproduce, are handsome solid structures of which any locality might well be prou'i. The (own has been incorporated since 1 672. The Council is an euergetic, wide awake body of men who, judging by the appearance of the streets, take an interest in the municipality. Alto gether there are nearly 100 miles of streets in the borough, the main thoroughfare being kerbed with granite. MIXED FARMING. For (he purposes of general cultiva tion and mixed farming the Inverell district offers many special advantages. Situated on the railway line, having a mild and genial climate, and an average rainfall of 3H inches, drought is practically unknown, even in the driest seasons. When New South Wales was in the midst of a great drought this district suffered jnly slightly. - Failure of crops is unknown. You have the rainfall of the New England highlands, and the climate of the tablelands. Farmers can always iind a ready and profitable market for their produce on the North West Plains, to which the Moree railway gives them easy access : in fact, the Inverell district is the garden of the great North West. Until recently tupped by the railway, this great dis trict was practically unknown, for the difficulties of reaching any markctskept it in the background. But with the railway now open via Moree (another line is also projected via Tamworth, Manilla and Ban-aba) its great advan tages and wonderful producing power must come to the fore. During last year even Melbourne buyers purchased many thousands of fat sheep for the Melbourne markets, and very large numbers of both fat sheep and cattle have reached the Sydney markets from this centre. DAIRYING INDUSTRY. Dairying as a regular industry has been worked only within the last liw or six years. Before the construction of the railway and the opening up of the Co-operative Butter Factory there was but small scope for the butter maker. But with the general progress of the district new residents cawu who had seen the great strides made in dairying on the coast. These men recognised the suitability of the land for dairying purposes. They set to work to introduce cattle of the true milking strain from the South Coast, with the result that, wherein 1900 the local dairy cattle did not number more than 200 or 300, there ace to-day about 6000 head. Tbe starting of tbe factory was the means by which the industry was placed on a strong com mercial footing, and although the pioneers of the dairy company experienced many difficulties in its early stages, they have the satis faction of knowing that their far seeing enterprise has been crowned with great success. The dairying in dustry is now thoroughly established. Last year £1000 was expended in in creasing the factory's plant, but the increase of supply hay this summer been so great, that further extensions will have to be made before the Hush of next season. Some of the suppliers have been receiving an average of £1 per cow per month from the factory — a return which, for a new district, speaks volumes. It only needs the throwing open to farmers of further lands like Byron to make dairying the first industry of Inverell. To those gentlemen whose keen insight has brought this great success about, the thanks of the people is due, and particularly to Mr. Kendall, manager of the Inverell Branch of the Bank of New South Wales, who has laboured in season and out of season, both with voice and pen, so that tbe farmers on the Mclntyre might benefit by the establishment of an industry which he claims will mean prosperity to every farmer in Inverell who takes it up with careful energy and pluck. A Goulbum man has invented a machine for digging potatoes. Trials hiive Leon most successful. Crops Nurtured with Blood. War-ridden Southern Manchuria is not such a desolate waste after all, as the enormity of the battles fought on its bosom tended to lead the world to believe. Under Japanese control the land has recovered from its wastage in a remarkable manner, as is described in the Times by a correspondent at Mukden. ' Passing up country,' he writes ' on all sides tbe promise of an abundant harvest greets the eye ; the battlefields, especially, are waving with luxuriant corn, although, owing to the scarcity of coolie labor, the fields are not so neatly cultivated aB usual. The hills of the most famous scenes of conflict are covered with grass, greener than in other years, and Nature has striven very successfully to heal the wounds of war. Trenches and pitfalls and underground shelters are covered with coarse weeds and wild flowers ; even Putiloff Hill, scarred as it is with earthworks, looks soft and peace ful.' California's Plague of Rabbits. Rabbits are almost as great a plague in California as they are in Australia. Pasteur himself devoted several years to the discovery of a destructive lymph with which to inoculate trapped animals, so that they could be liberated and allowed to spread disease among their fellows. The rabbits, however, proved so healthy that they were not affected by the malignant genus. In California rabbits are kept down by periodical ' drives,' which sometimes account for as many as 10,000 animals. ? The first harvest in N.S.W. was gathered at Parramatta in 1799. At Coudoholin oue of the men working at a bush-fire wore a cellu loid collar. The collar caught fire and the man was much burnt about the neck. Remarkable Butter Yield. A most remarkable account of butter production from a Jersey cow is being published in the American ' papers, to which a few references may be interesting in these days of butter tests and percentage. The total quan tities of udder produce recorded from this^cow.in the twelve months are as follows:— Milk, 14,920 lb. 8 oz., the total of butter got 85716 lb., average percentage, 5.75. The total quantity of butter-fat, according to the usual calculation of the addition of one-sixth, gives no less a total of commercial butter than 1000.2 lb., which for con venience sake, may be said to be 20 lb. butter per week for the year, or, to be more exact, over 19 lb. This cow, called Yellow Sunbeam, thus out-distances all other breeds on the other side of the Atlantic in the yield of her milk and butter. The cow was born in April, 1890, and was therefore nine years and six months old at the beginning of the test. She is described as a large cow, weighing nearly 1200 Ib., and of ideal dairy form, according to American theories ; that is, a large barrel, deep chest, broad across hips and loin, a fine neck, a clean-cut intelligent head, a rather spare form, still carrying plenty of flesh towards tbe end of the teat, in August when the writer of the account saw her, and in no way indicating the tremendous work she had been doing. The udder is described as being full of quality and milking away to nothing. The year's record commenced on the 1st October, 1904, during which month her feed consisted of silage, hay, aud 15 lb. of grain of various American classes called bran, gluten feed, oats and oilnieal. The same feeding followed in November, and the varia tion in butter-fat was very slight, or milk either. In December the yield of milk decreased slightly from the previous yields, and the quantity of butter-fat increased in percentage, not, however, in the total as compared with October. In. January Hilagu was still used with lucerne hay (alfalfa), and 10 lb. roots per day were added to the feed, the corn rations being as before. During this month there was again a very slight reduction in the percentage and total of butter-fats and milk-. During February and March there was little variation either in feeding or produce ; also April and May give no change worth mentioning. In June, however, pasture took the place of silage aud roots, the pasture being mixed clover, and the grain .ration consisted of 8 lb. daily. , The change of feeding is rather remarkable in its results, as it increased the milk yield somewhat and reduced the butter per centage, as well as the total of butter fat, rather considerably, giving the lowest total of butter-fat for by H lb. and August, owing probably to a little green clover being given, as well as a slightly increased grain ration, carry ing the butter-fat up to to over 79 lb., the second best record of the year. The tests were taken by difierent supervisors from the Wisconscin ex periment stations, which should be a guarantee for their correctness. One note that the publisher of the article makes upon these results is worth a place in the brains of those who go in butter aud milk records. It runs thus: — 'In the matter of economic production of milk and butter-fat there are three factors — viz., first the man ; second, the cow ; third, the feed. If a man can succeed in bringing the cow and the feed together, proper propor tions and quality of each, and then have the cow so bandied that she and her attendants are in perfect harmony and accord, the great record is no longer a matter of conjecture, it is an assured fact from the beginning.' FARMERS. 2sg;t Whatever branch of Farming yon go in for yon eu get iUlUble land at Byron. Competent judges lay It ii equal to Sonth Gout— £20 per acre land. You can purchase By ran a long way !??». RAINFALL, 3141n. ON THE RAILWAY. NO PAYMENT FOR TWO YEARS. Bayers at Byron after paying 16% depoiit have two years befon the ? first instalment fails due. The balance Ii payable in nine equal annual amount* Interett only *J%. FARMS PAY FOR THEMSELVES. £1 PER COW PER MONTH! Thli is what tome of the Dairy Farmers are making at Inverell, on land in tome cases not as good as Byron. The Mclntyre Flats make ideal Dairy Farms ; Lucerne grows luxuriantly ; iplendidly watered ; rainfall, 311 inches. ONLY 15 PER CENT. DEPOSIT AND NO OTHER PAYMENT OF PRINCIPAL FOR TWO YEARS I EASIEST TERMS EVER OFFERED. BUYERS at BYRON pay only IB PER CENT. DEPOSIT, and the first Instalment does not fall due for TWO YEARS, then the balance is payable in NINE equal annual in stalments; interest only 4* per cent. MAKING HONEY WILL BE EASY AT BYRON. £1 PER COW PER MONTH I This is what aoma of the Dairy Farmer* are making «t Inverell, on land in tome caBes not as good m Byron. The Mclntyre Fiats make Ideal Dairy Farms ; Lucerne grows luxuriantly; apiendidly watered) rainfall, 31* Inohet, ONLY IB PER CENT. DEPOSIT ANI) NO OTHER PAYMENT OF PRINCIPAL FOR TWO YEARS I NO PAYMENT FOR TWO YEARS. Buyera at Byron after paying 1B% deposit have two years before the first instalment falls due. The balance is payable in nine equal annual amounts Interest only FARMS I'AV FOR THEMSELVES. View of Inverell. The Town has 4,000 Inhabitants. The Muliuvre Hiver, to which Eighty of Byron Wocks have frontage. A Vim-vurd near Byron. Grapes, grow Luxuriantly. LI yi on is lightly timbered in parts with Box and Apple. Uiver Flats on Byron which will glow anything. Lightly timbered Country, every acre of Byron is suitable for cultivation. 