To Condoblin. When one gets out 'to Condobolin, he may fairly be said to have reached what might be called a typical ^Western town ship. It takes him some time to get there, of coarse, even from tbe not altogether remote town of Molong, ijrom which he starts at 6.30 a.m., only reaching his ob jective at 3 p.m.— 114 miles distant. The railroad ? system is responsible for this great waste of time. The track to Parkes le covered at decent speed, out nere ior a full hour the traveller farther out is com pelled to cool his heels on the station — and when he does get-away, the train runs no faster in some places than one could kick his hat along. Good country is passed through, particularly about Gun ningblaod, where there still exist visible traces of the recent bush fires. The generous rainfalls of the past week or two have -caused a splendid shoot, and in a few weeks' -time this pasturage should be clothed in succulent grass. 'The.Gunning- bland homestead is beautifully situated, close to permanent water, and looks to be a most cosy and comfortable place. After 12 Bogan Gate is reached, and a bee- line is struck for the nearest hotel for - lunch. ' The Gate' is apparently a very prosper ous little centre— bat it must naturally lose a lot of its trade when the line from there to Trundle is completed, for a good deal of the wheat which is stored away to theextent of thousands of bags in. those sheds at the railway station. $ome from tbe a»untry through, whi^tbe extension -v, , -*o pass! ' AmongBi the business pkces at BoganGate is one conducted by Messrs Schofield and Black, the latter gentleman being a son of Mr. John Black, of Molong. The train moves off and gets along at the rate of fully 10 miles an hour through open country, the great bulk of which is olean and fit for the plough. There is no hurry to make up for previous delays— here time appears to be of little account, and eternity 'counts for nothing. The policy generally adopted is one of the ' if you don't get tbere to-day you will to morrow ' order ; and tbe result is that any attempt in the way of ' hustling ' is dep recated, the powers that be *' putting their foot down with a strong hand. ' Suddenly the train stopped. It was learned that a oow Mid a calf had wandered on to the rails, and the engine-driver's assistant had to bnstle out and drive them away. The engine had a sort of cow-catcher fixed on in front, and the wonder is tbat an experi ment in the way of lifting her cowship ont of tbe road with it was not tried. ' Mark Twain once pointed out the stupiaity aitacuea w placing me cow catcher in front of a slow-going traiu. He urged that it should be placed in tbe rear, to prevent vagraut cattle from walking in at that end to bite the passongers. Presently, tbero was another stoppage, and all bands and the cook went to the windows to see what was up this time. A passenger had dropped bis bat, and the train was brought to a standstill whilst be ran back a cotiple of bundred yardB to get it. They're very obliging on tbe Con dobolin line. It is told of one driver tbat, being of a kind-beartcyi nature, he pulled up bis train one mornigg about five miles out of Condobolin and offered a lift to a poor woman who was walking towards tbe town. She bowed her acknowledg ments, but refused, saying : ' No thanks —I'm in a bit of a hurry tbis morning.' Ob, they tell some tall tales at Condobolin about tbe train service, but all the same they wouldn't like to part with tbe rail way ana go back to the stage coach and tbe bullock-dray. A very fine looking property is Burra wong, held by the Messrs. Edols, and by their father before them, who spent a ton of money in improving the country and building a comfortable homestead. A splendid system has been inaugurated, whereby the presence of bush-fires is made known in tbe twinkling of an eye right over the whole property. Up on a hill which overlooks 40 miles of country a sentinel occupies a watch-tower, and on observing a fire he immediately gives the alarm, with the result that in a few minutes the station's bush fire-brigade is galloping over the roads to tbe scene, with water tanks and all the necessary impedimenta. Though Burrawonsr was practically sur round*- 1 by bush fires during the recent . ;n. - . tiif loss!8 which occurred as far l'-doi« iiros. were concerned were com paratively small. iiatids Department the improvement , lease of about 40,000 = acres, acquired at a cost of £6000 comimis-, sion to Mr W. N. Willis. In Condobolin there seems to be some division of opinion i as towhether this lease should have been j -.ranted ;; but outside only one view is held — that it shonld never have been so treated. Every acre of it is fit for the plough ! And yet it would appear that the station-holders had some olaim to consideration— they had held a lease of the area for some time, and had improved it in exactly the same fashion as they had their own freehold property ; they bad been great sufferers by reason of the drought, and'their only hope of sustaining themselves longer on the land rested upon their acquisition of. this area under im provement lease conditions. At any rate, they now bold these 40,000 acres— and hold* them, presumably, for the full period of the lease (28 years)— when the area will revert to tbe Crown, and be thrown open for the people of a new generation. Condobolin is a prettily-situated, well kept township, with many fine buildings and a general air of progressivenesB about it. Its hotels are for the most part large and roomy, whilst its stores are bright and numerous, and look out . upon a main thoroughfare (Bathurst Street) which is broad and well-formed. It has a water supply which cost about £6000, a rate of Is in tbe x being imposed — suthcient right up to now to meet all the municipality's obligations to the Government. The population of the town proper is about 1000, and the annual oayment on account of the water supply is about £280. Condobolin, as a matter of fact, is one of the few towns supplied with water by the Government that. has met its obli gations ; and though the Council now has* power to increase the water rate to 2s in tbe £, no advance on the present payments is contemplated— for the very good reason that it is not needed.., Here is an object lesson for Molong. If Condobolin can pay for a water supply, surely our own town is in a no worse position financially. Whilst the citizens of Molong for months past have been put upon short commons as far as water is concerned, Condobolinites have been enjoying the priceless luxury of a copious supply ; have been able to wash themselves with soap and unfailing regularity, aud to use water iu other di rections with tho utmost freedom. Con dobolin has no gas-works, certainly; but it can do without them much better than it could dispense with the more important possession it now has. The Mayor of Condobolin is Mr. Maitland, a go-ahead citizen, who knows what is best for the people, and helps them to get it every time. The public buildings are in a block there are the 'fire station, the Council-. Chambers, the be-pillared Courthouse (built in the days when money was plenti ful and gorgeous structures were erected in every electorate represented by any thing like an energetic local Member), tbe police-quarters, &c.; The water supply reservoir, by the way, is also in the vicinity —to this reservoir the water is pumped from the never exhausted weir only a little distance away, and from it tbe town is reticnlated. In the centre of the main street tbere is a memorial erected to the soldiers of Condobolin who fell in South Africa. The public hall at Tasker's Hotel iB most commodious, and all about the town there are evidences of prosperity. A feature that is noticeable is the large number of businesses conducted by young .men— in itself a good sign, for they bring new and progressive ideas into their trades and occupations. Condobolin possesses two newspapers— the ' Lacblander' and the ' Inlander.' The former is run by two sons of Mr. Walter Bennett, M.P.,— both smart, bust ling young men, with plenty of go in them and ability, and in whose bands tbe naner has progressed by leaps and bounds. Their circulation extends right away down the Lachlan into towns and centres where the people have braved all their livestime the ills which result from drought and flood life being one long, protracted struggle from the cradle to the grave. One meets some fine fellows out. on the fringe of civilization— aH represented by the railway terminus which Condobolin forms ; good, sterling pioneers, with the hearts of lions and the grit of true men. They are legion — no otherd could exist for any length of time amidst such sur roundings. During his brief visit, tbe writer came into contact with Mr. A. G. Carruthers, brother to the present Premier, and who at one time was Inspector of C.P's. for the Molong District. He takes a keen in terest in public matters, and is a popular townsman. Just now, Condobolin is very much agitated over mining matters, a valuable deposit of silver having been discovered. Tho story is told that a farmer named Pol ter, while sinking a tank or a well or something of the k'ind, struok pure galena. Just as the shoemaker stuck to bis last, so the farmer stuck to his plough, sowed and garnered his crop, and then, in hiB spare ! time, went to work again to develop bis find. Fie traced the lode, and found it to be a valuable possession. But the time came round again for renewal of farming opera tions, and he went at them and left tbe silver severely alone. But speculators came along and offered him a clear £10,000 for bis mine, which be has refused to accept. Now others have got to work and two br three companies or syndicates are being formed to work for silver in adjoining lands— so that if all turns out as well as the promoters antici pate, Condobolin sliuuld boom in tbe very near future. Ploughing has commenced in the district. ' still they come.' At Eiiigwobd sidmg several bullock teams loaded with grain were 'just crawling in from Mr. Kerr's station. This year ha had a big'aTea under crop, and the return, though only averaging^ two bags to the acre, was a paying one. There iare thousands of acres in the Condobolin country capable of being utilized, and only the pos session of a railway renders it possible for this to be done. Taken throughout, Condobolin town is a pretty, picturesque, and prosperous place ; its I cottages are well kept, and many stand in the I midst of gardens whioh give them a cosy, I comfortable appearance. The Lachlan runs along on the fringe of the town— when it runs at all — and in good times its waters are positively alive with cod and peroh and many varieties of edible fish ; whilst outside the lagoons and dams aboupd in game. Though the stay was short, it was extremely pleasant, and the many kindnesses of the people willl not soon be forgotten. 