BUSH PIRES, PARTICULARS OF THE VICTORIAN ... . DEVASTATION. jlfflOL-E DISTRICTS SWEPT. SENSATIONAL EXPERIENCES. . , Melbourne, Jnnuary 25. So far as actual damage, to private property is concerned, the Daylesford "district seems to have suffered most from the bushfires. The flames, spread over thickly-set tied country, and left blackened houses behind them. To the north of - Daylesford there is a large extent of Crown lands, clothed with a forest of saplings. ? All over that area are small blocks of; land held by miners, fruitgrowers, woodcarvers, and labourers. Along a well-metalled road were the buildings of two little towns-Spring Creek (three miles from Daylesford) and Hepburn (about a nmr further on). The well-known Hepburn mineral springs, in the neighbourhood, attract a number of tourists, and many boarding-houses, prettily-situated in .thc bush growth were erected to provide , for the visitors. It was over this pic- turesque and thickly-settled district that the fire, driven by a fierce gale,1 hur^t with fearful suddenness on Tues-, day, and left desolation in ila. wake. The wind carried it south towards Day- lesford, Giowholé, Doctor's Creek. Hep- burn, and Spring Creek. Before mid day Daylesford was enveloped in smoke. ¿na flames were leaping over the gullies and up the sides of the ranges. Soon everyone in the town and tho families around "were speeding towards the doomed district, and the gallant linrs of nw-fighters, tynnlrcds strqng, were straining every .nerve to* save- homes and property. About 3 o'clock the fire, in rapid streaks and patches, often leaping over ''-''spaces of hundreds cf feet, reached : Hepburn and Spring Creek, and the . destruction caused in a few moments was '"'heartrending;. At Hepburn, F. Vanzetti lost a fine bakcry, 25 bags of flour,, outbuildings, carts, ia chaffcutter. machinery ,and 100 tons of wood. He and an'employee had been engaged all the morning' helping the neighbours tb Îiave their homes. They returned ex íausted, and with only time to roll a safe out into the street. This, with a chest of drawers, a washstand, and three bags of flour, is lying on. the road . way-~all that is left, ns Mr. Vanzetti sadly says; 18 years savings There wer© surprising escapes. The Mount Franklin Shire Hall "was burned out, ¿nd the Racecourse Hotel, only a few, yards away, was saved. A group of Chinese huts,' surrounding a Joss .- hou6e at one end of Hepburn was swept away, and! the Joss-house was left stand- ing. At Spring Creek a melancholy gap has been left in a pretty group of cot- tages which, lined both aides of the . : main. void.' Mr. Dominic Giovannoni au old résident, was burned to death in his cottage before he had lime to escape. Mr. Tognini, who lived in the- neighbourhood, also perished, but his death was due to' shock. He was found lying dead in his house, which was uninjured, although some outbuildings were destroyed. "Bellin^ goria," a well-known boardinghouse, al- most opposite Öiovannoni's, kept by Misses »orsa (four sisters), who were born on the homestead, was lost with all it oontained, except apiano. Mise C. Borsa, one of the ehsters, says that 'some - \- one had told them that a large cellar under the house was the beat place to store what was "most valuable. Into this «he, , her sisters.-aiui their lodgers, and even seine of their neighbours, has- tily carried, that they valued most. To ' day two friends were sifting the ashes in the bottom of the cellar, in a'forlorn hope of rewvonrigsonie of the lost home treasons;- . '. . \- Cr. King (Mayor of Daylesford) and Cr. Wilkié (of the Mount Franklin ..- Shire) sent out a van load of provisions and bedding to the sufferers. In anothèr . part of this dist rict it ' is stated that one could carry away in a handcart-all that was-aave^- The cata- logué of. the Ioses, if ever" it be com pued, will be mournful reading. \- Tb© late&t; accounts state that the fire is moving towards Fryerstown, lo . miles from Daylesford, and that, the farmers ere ploughing fire-breaks around .their nelda and stacks. Exceedingly mournful is the newe from Toora concerning the death of the "Lonsdale children at Mt. Fatigue. . A faint idea of the state of the atmos- phere whüe those forest fires lasted will.ne gathered when it hs stated that the poof little things were suffocated rather than burned. Their father, who .was* blinded by «moke, attended their funeral with hi* head bandaged. Thc fuit' tale of the incidents will nevet be published, but if they were thc public would probably grow sid at Jjeart, and tura away from what, «,fter all, is a recital of horror». Two, men', whose name» are BB yet "unknown, succumbed in thc Mount Fatigue conflagration, and a man nam' ed Heddick i» reported to be missing. At Foster the , children of a mali named Pearce, ware saved by a wei blanket being put over them and watei constantly poured upon it. So intense was tile heat that the" "water boiled ir a tank, .and .had to bc taken out ir kerosene tine and allowed to cool be fore it could be used. The wives ol the^ settlers fought with great bravery ? Provisions wifi be packed to the-set tiers to-day,-a^nd a relief fund will b< etarted nt onto. J"he fires of 1898 are not to be com ed with those which have just pass ed through the district. Tho opinion is expressed that th< outbreak w-as due to the carelessnesi of persons who, were burning, off. At Apollo Ray, Mr. M. Dally, a well Known settler, has has bouse destroyed The Sawmills Company had a try "tag time for an "hour, and with tin greatest difficulty they saved theil plant. - Several. .private owners ant the Church of England Reformator} House liad most; of their grass bunted' Daylesford reports that a mp namái JohirlÄftuM «II in an unconscious condition-and suffer- ing from , burna on thc soles of his feet, shock ' and exposure. ' He died to day, 