CHIEFLY CONCERNING UN- IMPROVED LAND. "WITH SOME VIEWS ON TAXATION. (By L.B.J.) A five mile walk beneath a burning sun, through a rough and hilly coun- try, with the shade temperature well in the nineties, .is bad enough in all conscience, hut give in adition winter clothing not yet doffed, and a wrong track taken, which last involves an ex- tra four miles «and- a half of heavy tra- velling, and the situation becomes ex- ceedingly wearisome. Such, however, was my fate a morning or two ago, when summer, bestirring'too soon, held tlie eaith in a fierce^embrace. and mid October seemed to havepbanged placas with mid-December, swift and relent- less, without a warning sign. Tlie bush is still brilliant with colour., although the everlastings have belied ; theil- name and droop, wah and wither- ed, but there ar« numberless other blooms, whose nomenclature is known \- only to those skilled in the flora of the country, which yet retain something of their pristine freshness. There was «ot a breath of air stir- ring. The foliage of the tall gum trees hung absolutely motionless. The hig granite boulders were as unpleasantly warm to the touch as the legendary gridiron of the martyred _S_t. Laurence, the'barrel of my gjm grew hotter and. hotter and its weight waxed-insistent upon my shoulder. The few scattered sheen I passed had sought what scanty shade they could find, and even the fowls of the ail- were in the <:over of tho languid leaves; only a great hawk flew circling overhead, clearly defined against the intense blue of the sky. The creeks, which but a few short weeks ago canto brawling down out of the hills, were running nearly dry-the veriest tricklo of water, with here and there a, dark, tempting pool bordered hy preen reeds, wherein the wild duck neets and rears her shy brood, A kingfisher perched upon ' the decaying branch of a dead tree overlooking one of these pools; the sun's rays glinted upAi the deep blue of his dorsal plumage aud the pure white bf his breast : his quick beady eye dwelt upon me for a second, and, behold, he was off like a flash, skimming just above the surface of tho stream until lost to view behind a heap cf gray boulders. Once past the three huiidred acres recently cleared and fallowed by their owner, Mr. James Parker, Ï breasted the slope of a steep rise, and close to the summit, a couple of parrots got up out of a bush almost at my feet, and went winging away between "the slim stems of the tree:?. A chance shot brought one of them down ; I could hear the monotonous cry of the other as it alit upon a hough at a safe distance. Clearing in this District 6eems to be going forward with an al- most feverish activity. 1 noticed seve- ral camps pitched within a comparative- ly short distance of each other-canvas tents, dingy enough in reality, but looking white as driven snow against their background of gray, skeleton limbed trees with trunks all charred and blackened by tho flames of last sea- son's bush-firës. The dearers are hard at work gath- ering together the fallen timber in big piles ready for kindling iu the course of four or five months' time, when the summer shall be a thing of the past, and ere the first rains set in. No doubt the Bill dealiu- with an unimproved land tax is mainly respon- sible for thia- sudden outbreak of energy on tho part of landholders. The tax in Question seems to find more favour with he man of few acres than with the owner of large estate-and^very natur- ally so. As a farmer in a small way to whom I was talking the other day reasoned : he «nd others like him who had been granted land upon the Wv ernment terms of certain improvements within a specified period, were hound to cary out the articles of their agree- ment, while, on the contrary, those who in thc good old days had received broad acres of the best land at tho dis- posal of a paternal constitution, wore under no such obligation, and, there- fore,'in most cases, by far the greater \- . portion of these properties lio in a vir- gin state until such time as it suits the owners* convenience to develop them. I have heard of a block of land in tho now flourishing port of Fremantle changing hands for thirty shillings aw1 a bottle of whisky, the purchase o which site would at the présent day in volve the outlay of thousands'of pounds But, "'témpora mutantur, nos et muta niur in ibis" (the times are changea and we with them), and. as has beei, said, it is naturally the holders of large j landed properties that cry out at thc prospect of a tax which would mulct them to tile amount of perhaps tbree j farthings an acre for the rieh and idle j soil which in its present "condition is i practically so much waste ground. A j man possessed of, say, between thirty I ¿nd forty thousand acres, of which not j a seventh part is improved, would ne j cessarily reseat a measure interfering J witJl what he might consider his rights , and privileges as one of a superior or- der, and also as affecting his banking balance, which last would perforce suf- fer diminution for the time being should the Act become law, according to his lack of enterprise in the past. A lauded aristocracy of this type is cer- tainly not the most healthy symptom of a young and, in most other respects, weil regulated country. The Simple Life. In these days, when the thoughts of so many trend towards a return to what is spoken of in the jargon of cuîtN, as the simple life, when man is realis- ing that even in these latter days the strain of~Adam still runs in lu's veins, and the red earth is yet strong within him. agriculture is beginning to re- assert the attractions she has for all those who are addicted to the kindly soil, and which of ns, born of ©avth.and to earth returning at the end, is alto- gether proof against her beguilements : thus, we see, mankind is, in a measure, adscriptus glebae, bound to the soil. Take, for example, that much-criti- cised body of men, who in England have earned for themselves the dis- tinctly characteristic title of land grabbers ; these make up for their in- digence by the colossal coolness of their method of procedure. Doubtless vacant blocks in the heart of such »a city as London are an eyesore and something of an anomaly, but even this hardly justifies the lawless tactics of the «» . washed economists who. regardless of j tho distinction existing .between the words "meuin et tuum," pounce on the dingy allotments, and, in place of in- . valid pots and pans, and other debris of a crowded locality, exert a laudable though misapplied energy .and an untutored optimism in the cul- tivation of invalid potatoes and cab I bages, a produce, alas, destined to [ wither to naught, what time the too i ardént agriculturists have the mortifica- tion of seeing their schemes wither like- wise in the forcing-hçus© atmosphere of I the nearest nolico court. As Mr. Bider , Haggard-whose views upon all matters appertaining to the soil are well-known -wrote commiseratingly in answer to au appeal from one of the distressed gontry tn question : that while entirely sympathising with the ulterior object, it was difficult to-be enthusiastic con- cerning the means adopted towards its furtherance-or words to that effect. Somewhat similar acts of agrarian ag- gression were. I believe, perpetrated by crofters in the Hebrides a 'few years ago with somewhat similar results. We may imagine the wholly righteous indignation which would fill the breast of a West Australian proprietor of land were a few acres of his unimproved country to be grabbed by half a dozen sturdy and vituperative swaggies. I fancy hasty litigation, or rather sum- mary-police proeodings would bei:he in- evitable upshot of the agrarian crime. Ont of His Course. It must have been while musing thus that I took a wrong track, and after three or four weary miles beneath the , scorchine sun and no sign , of my desti- nation, I presented myself at the door pf a small homestead, only to learn from" my informant, a lady clad in a -blue cotton blouse and a sun- bonnet, that if I kept to the track I had still another five miles to travel, or, as an alternative, a short cut through the bush would reduce this total to three. I chose the latter course. Here, anions the hüls, some ten miles from the little town of York, are numerous holdings of varying sizes, from the cocky- farm of a couple of hundred acres or so, to the two thousand acres owned and in pro jess of gradual development under the aianagement of the -friend I went forth j m my devious way to visit. Further .vest again, the land is poor, and com m-atively little of it is under cultiva- ción. I accomplished the three miles with- out going astray any more, only stop- ping once for a rest and the customary drink of stewed tea with au acquain- tance who farms nine hundred acres, a goodly portion of it grazing and un- cleared land. He was not in a com- municative mood by chance, and hint- ed darkly at some festivity at which he had been present the previous night, ending up by putting it point blank whether or no I had ever taken too much to drink. This leading question I ignor- ed, and, fearful lest gruesome revela- tions might be impending, took a ! hurried departure. ! Crossing A steep gully, sparsely tim- i bered, and with dwarf-palms clinging to its rocky sides, I make my way through" a partially cleared paddock, and so ar- rived at my friend's house,, a pretty cottage picturesquely perched on a low eminence, overlooking ' a wide sweep of country, in many places a vivid green,_with fields of rippling wheat. Af- ter dinner we made our way to the sta 4>les, and saddling a couple of horses, mounted and rode off on a three- mile ride towards a recently acquired piece ot land, six hundred acres in extent, consisting of three blacks "of an «state lately sub-divided and thrown open for selection by the Government. We crossed a narrow track, along which in the days of a prosperous sandalwood trade, many a te«ini wound slowly on >s way to join, the main road to Perth, where the fragrant commodity found a ready market at from eight to even twelve pounds a ton, the settlers engag- ing in this profitable occupation during the intervals of farm labour. Some Views on Taxation. Leaving the track behind, ns, wc plunged at once into thickly timbered bush. My friend is ono of those who entertains a strong feeling of resent- ment against the proposed land tax. "We nave to subsidise tho Roads Board." he said. "Efficient labour is difficult to get, and when got one has to pav through tho nose for it. It is different in England, where you can have your pick of farm hands, at about ton or twelve shillings a week. Why. I'd sooner pay ah income tax than one on unimproved land; it would come cheaper to the average farmer." "How about unimproved land which is practically of no value at all except for grazing a lew sheep during two or three months in the year?" I asked. "I suppose, they will tax us in ratio," he replied, "according to the worth of the soil. Country adapted for grain glowing will have to pay more, I im- agine^ than rocky, hilly country like that ^bver yonder, where, as you say, there is only grazing for a few sheep, and not extra much of that." "There seeems. to be a great deal of land lyitig fallow hereabouts," I haz- arded. "How many acres have you un- der crop?" "About two hundred," said he. "In fact I've only four hundred cleared out of twelve hundred, or rather two thou- sand, since I bought the six hundred we're going to see this afternoon. I've two men hard at work grubbing now ; that's there camp away among the trees yonder." "fis easy to see where the shoo pinches, I thought. Sixteen hundred acres unimproved may very shortly mean the enforced payment of four thousand eight hundred farthings, which the reader niay reduce to five pounds, if he pleases. Aloud, I said : "I see you have gone in entirely for wheat this year." "Yes." said he, "I strip it all; chaff doesn't pay unless you can cut,in large quantities. But, to tell the truth, I am feing in for sheep and horses mainly, have a thousand sheep, too many con- sidering my acreage ; I shall have to sell some of them off. I finished shearing just before you got here this .morning. You see ,what I want is a really ^com- petent man to help me on the farm. At present I am practically doing every- thing myself, and even in slack seasons there are numberless little things want seeing to constantly.' "So you believe in grazing?" I ask- ed. "Yes,"' he replied, 'Í do. I've been experimenting with different grasses lately, and whichever I find answers best on my land, I shall sow." "Does lucerne do well ?" I queried. "lt wants a moister soil than this." said he. ''wiri free irrigation, I've no doubt it would flourish all right, but I've one or two other varieties in hand I think will suit nry book better than lucerne.';' By this time we had reached a team of four horses engaged in drawing a three- furrow plough through the stiff soil, straining and sweating, enveloped in n perfect cloud of.dust. "You don't often see that in the middle of October up here," said my companion. "Well, I replied, "this year the ra'ns came late and left early. I saw just such another cloud of dust follow- ing the harrow in June." "That's a fine break,' said my friend. ' I'm haying' it ploughed about three chains wide. My place has been swept two years running. It conies extra rough on a man with stock-where is he if his feed gets burnt? It's not so bad for the smaller cockies, in fact some of those who have lately taken up land rather welcome a fire, it helps them clear their naddocks. Come up, there !" With the Grubbers. This last remark was addressed to his pony, that in crossing a piece of ground rendered soft by tim existence of bid- der; springs, sunk fetlock deep in blade mud. Most of tho wheat we passed as we rode looked clean and full-cared, but rather thin places, owing to an ex- ceptionally dry season these parts. Tho. recent intense heat had imparted a yel- low tinge to the fields of whispering grain, and tho grasses were fast going to seed. Upon reaching the. paddock in which the dearers were at work, my companion and I pulled up m front of their camp. On a smouldering fire stood a .huge i rom pot containing a shoulder of mut- ton. A handful or two of hot ashes disposed on the lid lent a mysterious aid to this culinary operation, which was rapidly advancing towards a con- summation under the superintendence of a black-visaged fellow, whose atten- tion was so concentrated on his appe- tising task as barely to allow him tho fraction of time necessary to nod a. greeting. All along the line of fencing fallen tree-trunks were buiiiiing redly, and their reek rendered the chite atmos- phere intolerably stifling. "I am only clearing along the mar» gin of the paddock," said my friend, "so that I can get n team to start ploughing a break here early next « eek. rhe bush is, fairly thick all round, and I'm not taking any rikks." An epitome of ' wisdom worthy of note. I resigned my steed to grubber n em- ber two, who at that moment arrived' upon tlie scene, and be and his employ- er rode off together upon a lour ol* in- spection, while I sat vu the shade and watched the sun as it sank slowly be- hind tbe long line of forest trees, dart- ing innumerable shafts of gold slantwise across a eward carpeted thick with spring flowers of every conceivable hue, and glinting between the slender stems of yellow-blossoming wattles. Close to the log upon which I was seated lay the corpse of a black snake, fully s's'feet in length, not reckoning the head, which had been def i ly sev- ered by the swift stroke of au axe. From my somewhat taciturn companion, the cook, I gathered that the paddock "fairly swarmed" with these undesirable reptiles, and, giving ear to his plaint, I thanked, my lucky stars that I am not a grubber. The Ride Back. Our ride back to the homestead was performed under decidedly cooler con- ditions than our outward journey. My friend was in a hurry to return, having an engagement,with a stud home; so we cantered briskly over ground encum- bered with rocks and füllen tree-trunks, and I was not sorry to dismount in tho yard where the stallion was hi waiting under the charge of a gloomy youth with very pronounced and unfavourably opinions on the nomadic nature of his calling five months out of the calender twelve. Leaving my friend to transact his business" with the aid of this saturnine personale, I strolled down towards the homestead across.a rough cricket-pitch, the Sabbath resort of those in tho neighbourhood who incline to this .par- ticular form of recreation ; and. as an eye-witness, I can vouch for an enthusi- asm not to be daunted by such a tri- viality *s the possession of but one bat to the dozen or more players who as- sembled on that particular occasion to engage in a veritable display of tip and run. By this time the team had returned froln their labours. with tho heavy plough, and the tired horses, freed from restraining influences, made for a water-hole in an adjacent field, kicking up their heels and rolling over and over »in the dust with all the a ban- don which is born of work well done and leisure hardly earned. The low- ing cattle came struggling through the long shadows home to the milking-shed as the sun dipped down into the dark- ening hills, and his last red rays died from the topmost branches of the tal- ler trees. Gradually the rosy tint fSd ed from the few scattered cloudlets.and one by one the ¡stars stole into the sky ; the new moon, "curled like a little, feather." hung just above the brow of a wooded slope. From the verandah of the homestead I could see thc red glow of the burning-off fires glimmering in the dusk like the lights of a small township. A cool hreezc heralded tho swift approach of night, a breeze full cf refreshment after the heat and op- pressive stillness of the day. A more- pork hooted from a belt of trees, behind the house; great white moths drifted slowly by, and a bat flickered orati cally acioss the little garden, rkh with the scent cf full-blossoined ro;-es. And so darkness fell upon the silent valleys and thc sleeping hills. 