Northampton Notes. — (From Our Own Correspondent.) Bush fires are again troubling toe struggling farmers, often .threatening tlieir homesteads with complete ruin. A few davs ago news was brought into town that a big fire was raging amongst the homesteads in toe Ap- pertarra Area. In less than twenty minutes after toe receipt of the in formation a number of conveyances, with numerous willing hands, besides a good number of horsemen, proceed ed in hot haste to fight the bushfire fiend. Mr. Jenkins has made a start at the old Gwalia copper mine by mak ing preparations at the old engine 'shall, near the mill house, for the purpose, I understand, of _ pumping tire water out of the -mine, to enable inspection. In all probability before toe end nf January next Manager Dunstan, of Badara lead mine, will -be raising lead for the Fremant-le Smelter. The Xmas Fair and Xmas Tree, held -in the Mechanics' Institute last Saturhay and Monday nights, realis ed £43, this being the" net result of the Xmas effort oh behalf of the Me thodist Qhurch. The stall-holders were as follows : Fancy' stall— Mesdames Scott and Cook; toy stall — Mrs. Row land and the Misses Teakle and Beet- sen ; lolly stall— Misses Scott and White ; regreshments — Mrs. Davidson and Miss Thomas ; soft drinks— Mr. IV. Haselby ; guessing competition — Mr. Rowland ; fairy well— Misses A. and W. Mitchell, F. White, and N. Beetson ; balloon stall — Miss M. White ; shooting gallery, Mr. A. Brand I; Xmas tree— Mrs. Moffitt and Messrs. Killcy and Chick. Boxing Day at Northampton in the past -has always been an. animated, lively event," pregnant with fun and frolic, various balls and sports at toe respective pubs, and sundry other ktr tractions for the big gatherings that used to show up from all parts of the district. But. to-day — the Boxing Day of 1906— has been, up to time of writing (7 p.m..) about the quietest snorting day ever witnessed in the little mining village, consequent on the early dawn train taking away a full load of passengers for the Ger aldton sports, besides others by con veyance and horseback to Narra Tarra for the Boxing Day meeting. To-morrow (Thursday) the North ampton carniyal commences, and will probably continue until after the New Year. . J udging from the large number of entries posted up in toe town, the New Year's meeting should be a good oue. Tire club's energetic secretary, Mr. P. Moy, an old sport of the right sort, has been down with an attack of granular optoalmia, but has im proved so far as to give his mahy friends, hope of seeing him in -his place on the course on New Year's Day. 