AMONGST THE HILLS. Hill End. via Moe. Gippsland. Vic. 19/11/06. Dear Uncle Jeff,— We live twenty miles from the nearest railway station. Our homestead is surrounded by hills, covered with trees and bushes of all kinds. We are also surrounded by creeks and gullies. There are a lot of wil birds here and they are very pretty and they sing nicely. The lyrebird is a very pretty creature, and it can mock other birds, the jackass in not so pretty as the lyrebird, but its laugh is funny. The creek in front of the house is covered with tree-ferns and creep- era; the little birds hop about in the fronds of the ferns. It snowed up here last year, and the snow lasted for three days, it looked so beautiful when the sun came out glistening like diamonds, and we had such fun throw- ing snowballs at each other. We had a big bushfire up here this year, and it was ter- rible, we could not sleep at night, for the fire was near our house, and on the hills around the house; five places were burnt down, and we had to take everything out of our house, for we thought the place would be burnt down, It. is beautiful to see the setting sun behind the hills on summer evenings— the sky covered with crimson and gold. There is a tunnel here like the Cata- combs of Rome, one could be easily lost in the passages of it. Men sluice in creeks here for gold; it is hard to get.-DOROTHY WIL- LIAMES (age, 11). , Ellerslie, Bethanga Road, Nov. 19. Dear Uncle Jeff,— We live seven mlifes from Tallangntta, and nine miles from Bethanga, on the Mitta Mitta River. The people about here mostly fatten bullocks and lambs in their paddocks, and generally get the high est prices for their stock in the markets. I ride to school to Springdale, three and half miles, on my pony, whose name is Bob, every school day, wet and dry, as I have a big overcoat and leggings. I had to learn to rido before my father would let me start going to sohool three years ago. 1 am in the third class now, and I will be eleven years old on the 6th of next January, I have four brothers, and one sister, and they are all younger than me.— ADOLPH BERESFORD HUNTER. (Will be always glad to hear from you.) Kiewa, 14th Nov. Dear Uncle Jeff,— I live at Kiewa (Victoria). Kicwa is a very pretty place. My home is in the centre of Kiewa, and is almost sur rounded by hills, and mountains. The Little River flows through Kiewa, and many people go fishing in summer. In springtime, Kiewa is lovely with wattle blossom, wild flowers' and all the orchards are white with flowers, and all the small hills are green. The grass is just beginning to fade now. There are two hotels, two stores, a bakery, public hall, post office and telephone, and large butter factory in Kiewa. The farmers are all dairy farmers in this district. My father has an apiary, the bees are very busy now. Good-bye. — GRACE DUNSTAN (age,8 years and 9 months). 