THE COUNTRY. PROPOSED JETTY AT PORT LINCOLN. Port Lincoln, January 13. The business people here have for the past thre; months been patiently awaiting the decision of the Government whether a wharf or jetty should be built. After many trials about two miles from the township, it was found that good "holding ground could not be obtained for a wharf, and aa this was the chief reason for the non-con- struction of a jetty adjacent to the present ?one, the business people decided that the intention of the late Government shouid be adhered to and a jetty elected near the present one, where a good depth of water is obtainable, and in a part of the bay which is less likely to silt up than the sug- gested site. A memorial was handed to the Hon. R. W. Foster for presentation to the Government, asking that the site 8i lected should be as near the business por- tion of the town as possible. BUSH FIRE AT KYBYBOLITE. Narracoorte, January 15. A disastrous bushfire swept over the Kybybolite district to-day, devastating ov-?r 9,000 acres of good grass country. Miles of fencing, settlers' tents, and other improve- ments were destroyed. Tue fire extended to the Benayo ran also, consuming the men's tents and burning' the grass and scrub in that neighborhood. The experimental farm country was, fortunately, unhamu-d. The fire is still burning to-ngbt. There were'numbers of beaters out ad day com- bating the flames. The B.nnum homestead was m danger, but the beaters saved it. The extent of the damage done is not ye; known. BOATING INCIDENT. Mount Gambier, January 15. While Messrs. C. Stewart, B. Spehr, and R. Johnson, of Mount Gambler, were fish- ing on the Glenelg River yesterday the boat in which they were sitting was acci- dentally overturned. They were not good swimmers, rnd it was only with difficulty that they regained the boat. _unch, re- freshments, and the fishing tackle went to the bottom. THE FIRE AT GAWLER. ; ' Gawler, January 17. An inquest on the 'fire at the 'Exchange Hotel yesterday morning was held at the Courthouse this afternoon. Mr. C. G. Rebbeck was the coroner, and Mt. -E. lïnsh foreman of the jury. ' Mr.' A. Adamson represented the insurance com- panies. Herman Reinhold Nenke, the licensee of the hotel, deposed mat he re- tired, to bed about 12 o'clock on Sunday night, after he ha- turned off the gas at the meter. He lighted a candle in the passacte before he went upstairs. He did not know how the fire originated, but be- lieved it started near the foot of the stairway. He detailed the incident of his having been awakened by a cry of "fire" ...hortly after 1 o'clock, and his giving the alarm to the other occupants of the up- stairs rooms. There was no one in the lower part of the house. Laura Coombs, a domestic servant, was upstairs all the evening, and retired at 10.45. T. H. P. Callier, a State school teacher, lodging at the hotel, stated ..nat everything appeared right when he went to bed at a quarter to 11\. H. B. Stephens, foreman of the Fire Brigade, gave evidence of the call and the extinguishing of the flames. The seat of the fire was near the «bottom of the staircase, whence it suread to the saloon and ascended the stairs to the upper rooms. He had made a thorough investi- gation, but he could find nothing to indicate that the place had been wdtuily set on fire. The jury came to me conclusion that there .was no evidence to show how the fire originated. They complimented the brigade on their ?mart response to tue call and excellent worn, in extinguishing the flame<s. UNKNOWN MAN FOUND DEAD. Auburn, January 16. While Mr. T. Schroeder -was out looking for horses he entered an unoccupied house on his father's prooerty and found a man on the floor dead. He informed the coronei, who sent for the police here. They lost no time in getting to the place, 16 mile distant. It was found to be a case of suicide. The man had blocked up all the holes in the room with pug, and then apparently lighted a tin of charcoal, and died from suffocation. He was between 30 and 35 years of age, slim, about 5 ft. 7 in. high, with brown hair, beard, and moustache, fair complexion, and was dressed in a blue cotton shirt, old blue dungaree trousers, vest, and brown me« lange coat. Nothing was found m tin, pockets to indicate who he was. Tht bum of 17/10 was found m an old rag m his pocket, which apparently had been there for years, as it was black with age. Ail the swag he possessed was an old sack, with a bily-can. The same person had been seen m the district for a week or more, begging/ at night times. The coroner decided that an inquest was unnecessary and gave an J order for burial. A FREAK. Kingscote (K.I.), January 15. A curious chicken was exhibited here rA Saturday by Mr- J- H. Carter. It haô. four beaks and three eyes, and was alive when taken fiom the shell. Mr. Carter gave the specimen to Dr. Ramsay Smith, who is cn a visit to this ldand. MOUNT GAMBIER. January 14.-Considerable interest ,w*. shown in the poll taken on Saturday <A grve the ratepayers an ; opportunity oí saher, tionmg or refusing a special rate of 2d. in. thev pound to guarantee a loan of £3,000 for the erection of a new town halL ' The' advocates and the opponents of the scheine both worked energetically, and when tha;: votes were tabulated it- was found thai there was a majority of 82 in favor of -the^ building project. The number of votes' recorded was L260, of which 6tT8; were iii favor of the special rate and 566 against it The ratepayers will have another oppor- tunity of expressing, their opinion when they are asked to sanction the borrowing; of the« money for the erection of the hall. January 15.-Recently a new tower-wà'^; erected on the western end of the Moimi" Gambier Lutheran Church, and this, 'to gether with the renovations of the church,' cost £300. When the tower was;first' spoken of Mr. and Mrs. J. Schmidt, of Compton, promised " to donate : a; bell, which ; was ordered from" Ger-f many. It???:'?.. was placed in , ' prfei-f? tion last week, and the consecration'*'jiït~ï the tower and bell took place yesterday. ' when the Rev. F. W. Matschoss/ócciipied the pulpit. ' The bell weighs 8 cwt.£ ana -: cost £64. . "'*?' ".'.'??' '^-v^ PORT WAKEHTELD; :-i;.y :??£ January 16.-Snakes for some ¿easoh. be*. ; known to themselves have, apparently, ^lefj." their haunts out amongst the-saltbush^ancl'' . old quarries and have'come,into the'toyi'n« ; ship arid taken up> their abode/in: houseá/: and sheds much to 'the annoyance¡of' tha,; inhabitants, ¿orne people assert it>;isi.:a' sign of heavy rains later on/'while.'.the nja-v. jority agree that it is a- hint tov'go abohtV armed and well'shod both day and nighty as a cold foot placed unexpectedly on the tender part.of a snake often leads'to serious result . ''V'- .'.?. ~:-':i' QUORN. v. ;"?? i-i:i^ January 15.-Last ni_a social was tei ¡. der ed to Miss Cissy Halbert, on theievci. of her departure for the ei»y, where shelis';, to enter the teachers' training coUege¿;' after, being some years pupil teacher'.ipi ; the local public school. ¡she .wa.vvprer.i sented with a gold brooch. - There was a '.' large .attendance. - The same--evening;'-' Mr. E. OLoughlin was presented with'% arm chair, a pipe and tobacco, the occasion beinç his retirement from the Way, : and Works¿-Department, after many, yeais'-ser-;; vice. T He is very popular. - Councillor^ Galvin ' tendered his 'resignation, as; repre-'; tentative of South ward at last:,' MghVii meeting of the corporation. As he- was li: re-elected, unopposed to the position iir:".; December last.; and this ',was .onlyV',Jhe¿;3 second meeting of the term^.'his resigñatior)|i was a great surprise. ' No; fine wae^ir>;ïj flkted. _ .. -I ? _.'?.?'. '''?'' . \\.^v/.vY;;^-/;.':::J .?.-.. -?'.; NURIOOTPA, ii-iif:'ijî:ii:\ January 14.-Mr. J. Hatch met with VÓ* painful accident yesterday.; whue-trying «to :: light a kerosine. stove; ; ¡r The stoveíyhádvj proved refractory, and Mr.Hatch poured;! some "spirits into it, with the result::-'?;.-'cha¡fc-?'' an explosion followed ae soôri ;as^he,;.'àp-i' plied a light. He was badly bürnecL anrV medical aid had' to be procured:: ¿V /V-^/;«i 