Mr Bent and his colleagues are entitled to hearty felicitations upon the success which has attended the flotation of the State loan within the State, and which u-ill form on important and impressive object- le?son to it? creditors abroad. It stands to the lasting credit of tholrvinc- B.:nt. Administrations that they have frem the first dono much to place the financial position of -Victoria in a far more -favorable light tlian that in which it had come to bo regarded prior to their accession to office., In 1902-3 a period of drift set in, and a deficit of £350,000 was shown at the close of t-lie financial year. Nor was this due to any want of elasticity in tlio revenue. On the contrary, the income had been steadily glowing, and in 1902-3 the Treasurer received more revenue by up wards of £1,000,000 than did his pre decessor in 1897-8; but, for all that, there.came the admission that .he had a deficiency—of £350,000. Tho increase in expenditure amounted to £1,600,C00, which, to a population of 1,130,000, meant a growth of the national outlay at tho rate of £1 lCs per head, as com pared with four yeans bofore. A prac tically stationary population had boeu called upon to face a rapid and large increase of the expenditure. The Irvine Government in its first year of office, with a revenue of barely £7,000,C00, as com pared with £8,125,G00 in the preceding financial year, showed a surplus of £200,000, notwithstanding the serious effects of a 60vcro drought and of the great railway strike. For 1903-4 a surplus of nearly half a million was shown, and for the last- financial year Mr Bent was enabled to present a oredit balance of very nearly £527,000. For the first time in the history of the State its redemptions during tliat period exceeded its borrowings. The loan monoys redeemed during tho financial year 1904-5 amounted to £229,450, and -tlie issue of stocks and bonds totalled 0n]j~£169,038, so tliat the loan indebted ness of tho State was reduced by £00,412. Again, the loan expenditure was the smallest during the last 16 years. In 188 SO it amounted to £4,188,900, while for tho last financial year it was only £172,119. The Star# was brought to the sound and sat s.sctory position of living within its income, paying off soma of its debts, and setting its financial house in good order. By means of his sur plus, Mr Bent was enabled to provide ! f° r a number of public works, for J which it would otherwise have been ueoessary to obtain borrowed moiiey he j arranged for tho-redemption of deben tures to the amount of nearly £lOO,OOO. .set apart a large sum out of revenue for the improvement- and replacement of railway rolling stock, and reserved upwards of £lOO,OOO for water conserva tion works. In 1901-2 ttie Consolidat ed Revenue Deficit Account showed a deficiency of £2,236,119, but on the 30th of June last the account was only £1,939,119 at debit, so that progress has been mnde slowly, but surely, in the right direction, by effecting a re duction of £297,000. Having thus 6liown that the State lias not only been able to pay its way, but to make a notable advance in the past year in paying off some of its indebtedness out of its surplus revenue, Mr Bent has gone furtlior, and furnished a practical answor to -those who persistently assert that the prosperity of Australia depends upon the expenditure of loan moneys obtained from abroad. Personally, Mr Bent has reason to bo highly grati fied, and the State to be well pleased, with the result of bis local flotation. In response to the application to the pub lic for tenders for £1,600,000, at 3.J per cent., no less than £2,087,390 was offer ed, exclusive of tlio tenders of the un derwriters. All sorts and conditions of men caine forward and offered assist ance, in order tliat tho object which the Government liad in- view, namely, to show tliat, ; in a- normally prosperous condition,; the local "money market can be depended upon for a reasonable sum of money when required by the Govern ment, and to demonstrate the capacity, and readiness of tlio State to contri bute a substantial sum towards the re payment of ite debts should 'be accom plisliod with unqualified success. The result will bo thnt the interest on £1,600,000 will bo kept within tlio State, and that the amount thus reoeived will bo circulated amongst ourselves. Con ditions have been altogether propitious, to the success of Mr Bent’s flotation scheme, and its results will lend encouragement to his views that it will bo practicable j and expedient to furthor ro’.v upon local resources for certain loan moneys which will bo required in tho near future. Mr Bent has declared in cha racteristically emphatic fashion that he is “off borrowing,” that ho will take maw to be so in future as much as possible, and that he “will see that all the money borrowed—find it will not be much if ho can help it—will be made to return interest,” an assuranco that will be satisfactory to the State’s credi tors as an accompaniment to tho noti fication of the marked success of its loan flotation. But a considerable ex penditure will be entailed in cairjing out tho provisions of the Closer Settle ment and Water Supply Acts. .Under the former measure tho Government has power to enter upon an outlay up to £500,000 per annum, while the Minis ter of Wator Supply in foreshadowing tho irrigation policy of tho Govern ment indicated that an expenditure of some £250,000 a year for five or six years will bo required to fully carry out tho works that, are in contempla tion. To permit of this being accom plished, the Government intends to en deavor to raise locally the amounts as they mav bo required over the period indicated'. In view of the results of the first local flotation and the very large over-subscription of the loan, the Government liliould experience little difficulty in at least partly providing for tlio closer settlement and water supply expenses by means of money obtained locally should tlio conditions of the State continue as favorable and promising as they- are at present*., ■ Such evidences of self-reliance as it has just afforded cannot fail to improve the credit and enhance the prcstigo of \ ic toria abroad, and Mr Bent is to be thanked for having turned the opportu nity wliicli lias been afforded to h.in to such excellent account, while Ins firmness, shrewdness, and sagacity in the control and administration of the finances of the State generally hate established an exceptionally strong olaim for his Ministry on the com,mica confidence of l’arfiaiucnt and tho coun try. The forecast of the woalher for to-day is as follows: —"Fine, 6ultry far inland, cooler in southern districts; some further thunder showers ovor the eastern areas of the State; south-westerly to south-easterly winds; slight sen.” The weather chart shows that a monsconal trough, narrow between 29.9 isobars, runs through Hobart (29.77) Melbourne (29.84), Charlotte Waters (29.80), and Condon (29.86). Pres sures reach 30. U inci.es over Kastorn Queensland 'and 30.1 inches in the south of Western Australia. The fo!owing wore tho School of Mines records yesterday.— Barometer observed falling, 28.591 inches; barometer (reduced to sen level nnd 32 degrees Pa hr.), 3U.U99 inches; maxi mum day temperature (made), 73.9 de grees; minimum previous night (shade), 50.5 degteos; rainfall during previous 2*l hous, 1 point. A mooting of the Federal Cabinet Ims been arranged for lmlf-pssi i o’clock to morrow ailtcruoon. A mooting of the local Bush Fires Fund Committee was held at the City Hall yesterday morning. Present—Mayor Waykes (chairman, Mayor Ritchie, Cr. W.D. Hill) Lieutenant-Colonel Williams, and Mr J. Gent (secretary). Apologies were received from Cr. J. R. Elsworth and Mr A. Bell. It was resolved that letters of thanks be forwarded to the performers and others who assisted in the concert held on Sunday evening at the Bastora Oval. It was decided to again remind the public that all contributions must be in’ by the 26th inst., on which date the fund closes. A letter was received from the sooretary of tile Lord Mayor's Fund, Melbourne, stating that any deserving case in any part of tho State is entitled fo participation in the fund. In reply to a request thnt the names of tho Mayors of tlio City and Town bo added to tho Mel bourne committee .in the event of money collected locally being added to that fund, it was pointed out tliat the Melbourne committee had no power to add to its number. At tho City Court yesterday, before Messrs Douglas aud Boss. 3 ’s.F., the case of Samuel Williams, who is charged with furious driving in connection with the recent hypnotic display at a circus, was postponed to a date to bo fixed. The youngster, Patrick Quinn, who is charged with incendiarism, was remanded, till to day. Tho lad displayed very little in [ terest in the proceedings, and evidently had no idea of tho enormity of the offence with which lie is charged. Two inebri ates were discharged, and two debt cases completed the list. The City Council yesterday received a letter from the Progiess Association, ask ing that a public meeTSng be called for the purpose of urging on the Government the claims of this district to an agricul tural college. Cr Barker, in moving that tlie request be complied with, remarked that Ballarat was in one direction essen tially m agricultural district, nnd the council should certainly agitate for the college. Cr Crocker, who seconded the motion considered that if poesibio an Dgricultural college should bo obtained ior this district. In pursuance of instructions given him iatytlie last meeting of the Town Council, Sir J. Gent (town cleric) wrote to the Fleotric Supply Company, usking that in future all trnmears be pulled up on the near sido of crossings iustoad of tho off side, us at present, it being thought by tile council that such a clinage would bo a greater safeguard against collision with vehicles i-oing over the crossings. Tester day a reply was received from the com pany, pointing out thnt such un altera tion as the council suggested would be inconvenient. However, it would bo given a trial at one place, tho intersection or Grant and Barkly streets, whore a col lision recently occurred, and if found to work satisfactorily it would be continued ut that particular crossing only. Tlio Railway Commissioners have pro mised that the York car shall bo attach ed to the butchers’ excursion train to Geelong to-morrow week, to ho used by the members of the City end Town Coun cils, who go to Geelong to play the Geo long councillors cricket on that day. Cr Brokenshire moved at yesterday's meeting of tho City Council that the Town Council bo asked to contribute half the cost of installing a stnnd-pipe at tho corner of Grenvillo and Sturt streets for the purpose of supply-ill? tlio water carts. One day last week he had watched the water carts working, end wlion they had emptied down the Camp Hill they had to go right bock to Doveton street to refill. On one occasion they had gone no less tnon 39 times to Doveton street, which was a great waste of time, borne steps should certainly be taken to remedy tins evil, and the liest way to do so was to have a pipe in Grenville street. It was docided 'to refer tlio mattor to the esti mates, and approach the Town Council on the question of dividing tho cost. The management of the M endouree \svlnm for tho Insane obtained porenis sion yesterday from tlie rdant a row of trees alonside the hospital reserve, for tho purpose of making a wind break. Some difficulty ";<' s at fimt experienced in handing over the , land, which is a Crown grant, butt this was eventually got over by the counc-l giving the Wcnfionroe Asjflum a lease of the land for ten years ot the peppercorn rental of Is per year. The elevator is gradually coining into m Its'-vnluo is beyond question. On Friday afternoon no fewer than eight jvinng Wer riboe farmers, including Mr A. Walter (formerly of Coghill’s Creek) nnd Mr Cowie (formerly of Smeaton), drove from Ballarat for t-ho purpose of inspecting the elevator in operation oil Messrs •Morrifih Bros.’ farm at Kingston, where several immense etneka me being built. Tlio visitors ore keen men, an of their examination of the elevator was the conclusion that it was almost peneable, although every one of them had some little suggestion to make of what thev considered would he minor improve ments. Mca?rs John, and Richard Horrish wore present to show the elevator at woik. The eternal question of the Eastern versus City Ovals was again m evidence last night at a meeting of the Ballarat Football Association, which wns hold at the Unicorn Hotel. A letter from the Ballarat Imperial Club was read witu reference to the association s resolve to take the City Oval for football matches next season. Tlio communication stated that the Imeprial Club considered that it would ho adverse to their interests to , leave the Eesi-.ru Oval altogether and | made certain proposals, the clnei ol which were, that the dub should he to . play some of their matches on the Eastern Oval, and should alio be allowed to sell | their own tickets and retain the revenue ; obtained theivfrom. The majority ot the association thought, to use the lang uage of 0:1c delegate, that the pro posals amounted to a sugg st ion that the | tail should wag the dog, and the pro-; positions put forward by the Imperial , Club wrre not received. When a deci- s ; on had been come Jo one of the Imperial j representatives asked the the delegates were fully aware of what their action meant, and was assured that the association members were fully aware of their responsibilities. The only inference to be derived from this is, that the Im perial Club wi«l, unless wiser counsels prevail, withdraw from the governing body of football. If tlus dras ic step is taken the «*ame ns far as seniors are con cerned. will be to all interests and pur ples. dead during tlio coming winter, as the Ballaiat and Sou li Clubs can hardly carry on a competition between them selves. Whe.i the inter-city sports were neing earned out 011 the City Oval last moni.h it was riisooverod that a small aimy o j tiiimble Jiggers and other pers?nr»who:ive ]>v their own wits and the luck of that I commodity on tiie iwrt of others, were exploiting the public. The was le norfccd to the council, and that body wrote* to the police, with the Jesuit that the iol ic.wing cryptic reply was re-oivoil: —“The police have instructions to suppress gambling, and any member, of the *?emcc \\.*ho looks on at gambling without inking action to prevent it commits a gross de reliction or duty.” There are certain people who novel* Goon to learn that m approaching a public body a ceitaln amount .of respect is neces sary. An instance of tins was forthcom ing at the Ui t y C-i.-uncil yesterday, when Mr I'. T. Kemp wrote a lengthy letter, in wmch ti certain fish known as Umaeonta was referred to, and the writer took ob- I jeot-ton to the granting of jCSO to the bush ! fire relief fund. Unfortunately the j writer lest- sight of hie original motive, 1 and indulged in a liradb of abu*e of ihe j mayor, with the only to be expected le | suit, that the letter was simply received, j and the writer lerit what advantage he 1 might have gained had he concluded his | letter in more respectful tenms. j The machine stone-breaker recent!*.- I purchased by me Town Council, has ar ; rived from Mellxmrno, ami a start was I yesterday mado to cart the parts from the railway station (o Ills Gong Gong quarrv, now boiii" used by Mr Cotlield, the con tractor. Tho Water Commission at i.s last meeting gave the council pc»nnit*«iMi to erect the machine on the site, and tho work of putting the breaker together will be carried out under the supervision of the engineer, Mr Boyd. It is tho inten tion of the council to hire a portable en gine to drive the machine for this year, after which an engine will be purchased. It is hoped that by sinking a lew foot at the quarry water will be obtained in abundance for the boiler. A letter from the Ballarat Water Com mission was read last evening at tne Benevolent Asylum Committee, complain ing of the great consumption of water at the institution. The letter pointed oat that during December last year no less than 713,U‘J0 gallons of water were used* while lor tho same period in 11W1 3SO,CVJ gallons wore used, and in UK>3 171,000 gal. lons. They, therefore, desired to know the' reason of the exceptional increase. Sir 0. E. Grainger said that if the figures were correct, it was awful to think that such a quantity of water was used at the Asylum. He thought, however, that it was impossible for such an amount of water to pass through the pipes. Mr Shoppee, the superintendent, said ihat any water that was used for gardening purposes passed through a special meter, which they paid for. The other registers for water used for domestic and other pur. posed were taken away about a fortnight ago, but whether they had l>oen repaired or not he did not know, 'i hey were at present consuming about tho srine amount of water as last month, and therefore they 1 could easily ascertain whether they really did use so many gallons as they had been credited with. The president; Mr A. W. j Hager, expressed the opinion that there I must have been a leakage somewhere, as ■ it was almost impossible for such a quan tity of water to bo consumed at the Asy lum. Finally the matter was referred to a sub-committee to wait upou the \\\ ater Commissioner®. Mr A. Waxman provided small prizes for pupils of tlio State schools who did best werk in connection with tho scholar ship examinations. Gilbert E. Hanna ford. of Camberwell, has now been award ed «£5, ns first prize, and Walter E. Lang, ford A2 l!fc Gd. as second prize. Mr Percy Walker otfored prizes for similar work, to l>c confined to pupils of the M c*st Mel bourne schools. These have been award ed as follows For males—Sidney Ak rovd, of Errol street school. 1, £11; Henry Makin, King street school, 2, -27. I: ©male pupils—Daisy Smyth, King street school, I, jEll; Huth Evans. Errol street, 2. £*. Cr Hollwny brought before the City Council yesterday tho old-time trouble of tho leakage in Mnir street. He pointed out that some time Ago n big leakage came from Mair street and flooded hcisnlls buildings. Since then two other breaks had occurred Tn Mnir street, and other buildings were being invaded by the water. H© did not say that this was duo to tiro Water Commission, but the water ivas certainly coming from eome where, and its source should he found. It could not be said that it was seepage from the ground. Cr Brokcnshire. in moving that the two engineers and the mayor ana chairman oi the Commission confer on the matter with a view of opening the street up.‘ sni'l liio matter was a serious one for the property owners. Tho mayor plated that he inspected the place, and believed that the wnter was coining from the mains. The motion wns carried. Referring to the successful flotation of tho Victorian loan. Sir William I.vne, Minister of .Customs, remarked yesterday: —‘*l honrtily congratulate Victoria on tlio success of her conversion loan. It re minded him of the successful flotation in New South Wales, in 1900, when he was Premier of that State, of a loan of JC2.000.000, which was required for new trorks. There is plenty of money in Aus tralia. and there should bo no necessity for nnvonc to go to the London market for a loan. What I regard as a distinctly good sign is the docrenoe in the export of gold from the Commonwealth, and the in crease in the export of manufactured goods. The return of last yeir’s Com monwealth trade showed that exports of gold decreased frem the previous years total to the extent of £5.930,028. while ihe value of other articles exported in creased by .£5,191,150.” At the fortnightly meeting of the volent Asylum committee last evening -Mr Shoppee, the superintendent, informed the members that n well-known figure in Ballarat East, in the person of Mary Ryan No. 1, bad been admitted to tlio institution. The woman, wno at one time, it is said, was well off, met with adverse circumstances, and as misfortune continued to hear her down she resided for some years in tlir Chinese qunriers In Ballarat East. She had nleo. one o! tlio biggest records for drunkenness to be found in Bnllanrr. The numeral ad ded after her name was to distinguish her From a name-sake. *-M■'rv Kynn No. 2," who also h"d a most unenviable record of the same description. The fortnightly mooting of the Ballarat Benevolent Asylum committoo was hold at the Board Room. Camp stteot, last evening. Present—Messrs A. W. Hager (president), J. Phillips, A. A. Eonaldson, J. S. Douglas, W. Gale, .T, M. Eline, G. Lovitt. L. Lcdermnn, C. E. Grainger. S. Mnrks. G. K. Coutts, W. White. T. P. Long, D. Coofee, and .T. MT-eod, and the Very" Rev. Father Guilfoylo. In his re port the superintendent referral to . thc neeersity for erecting a fire hose in the store room. Ho pointed out that a big slock was nearly always on-hand in tins place, and should a fire occur much diffi culty would be occasioned in putting _ it out. It was resolved that the building committee consider the matter as soon as possible. At the previous meeting of tiie committee Messrs Scott, M'Leod, and S. Mnrks were appointed to consider the matter of boot repairing, ole, Lats even tng the anb-committee intimated that they had gone folly into the matter, and sug gested that tenders be called for the work in the usual manner. The recommenda tion was adopted. It was also decided to discharge from the business sheet the manor of erecting a special ward for in fectious casts that mightl be admitted to the lying-in hospital, it being thought tbat the finances of tbo institution did not warrant the expenditure of such a sum. The meeting then adjourned. A shocking accident, which imfortunalc lv had fatal icsults, befell Mr John Wil liam Malm, the weil-known sauce manu lecturer, of Holmes street yesterday. He wan driving ft lorry, laden with bottles, towards tlift factory, when by some means he .slipped from the. shaft on which ho wad floated, and fell bweatli the wheels, which passed over the lower part of n.R body. The weight of the load was a**™ l ' a ton, and as it was apparent that Air Maliu was seriously injured Mr J. Beil, of Dawson street, who witnessed the ac cident, removed him to the Hospital as quickly as possible. Here he was admit ted by Hr M'Lennau, who iound him to U suffering from internal injuries an( shock. He never ralliod, and passed awav about 6.30 the same evening.. The facts were reported to the coroner, and mi inquest will probably be held. De ceased was well known and. much lcspcct- , ed in the district, and loaves a family | to mourn their Ices. | It is stated on very good authority that, the Ballarat Woollen and Worsted Com pany has decided not to enter nny gc.s dor Lhe ex.hibit.on of Australian inanuxac- ; lures and products to be held here next week. The decision lias caused univeisal sn.ipri.3C and regret, not only amongst the , members of the exhibition committee, but also amongst the general public. The, Woollen Mills are looked upon as being amongst Ballarat’s leading factories, ana U is felt on ail sides that an exhibition such tis that to be held should be sup ported by all Ihillarat imuiufaciurcrs. One of the first things victors to the ex hildtion would naturally look for would I*6 a complete dsp av of Ballarat woollens, but this privilege they ore appaieuriy no destined to enjoy. Directors oF the Wool len Co:i.».)any liave l>een repeatedly he..ird to express the opinion that Ballarat people chould support lo.al induotrics. B th» bo o desirable thing to do surely a Bal larat exhibition is worthy of the support of tho directors. 1 Tory emphatic complaints are being ! made concerning the condition of imt drain from the old ‘VWndouxcc Creek, j which runs down through Flank street to | the Gnaw Crock. The diain is riKtd up : with a quantity of slum and leave s , and | the odour which it gives off keeps the rcs:- ; dents in the vicinity _in constant- i\ar of i typhoid fever. The diain badly mods | cleansing and flushing. Indeed the lat ! ter might safely bo applied to the majority ' of tho dmins in the City, for even if tlu- I water supply is short it is a very short | cghted poiky to refrain from keeping the ! etreet channels clean. | 4 A question of propriety*’' has beeu raised by Mr Henry Varley, the even : genst, in connection with aa exhibition !«t one of Melbourne’s music halls, in | wnich the girls lie on their backs, and ' with their legs in the air go through , the motions of the dance. Mr Vnrley ' ncs written to the Chief Secretary, pro testing /gainst tflie posters illustrating rne busine*** n 3 indecent, and consequently opposed to public morality. Sir Samuel Gillott has promised to consider tho com plaint. The Land Board, which sat at Kya brnm last week, to deal with the appli cations for tho Wyuna closer ecttlenient estate, has made i.ts recommendations to the Land Purchase Board, re spect of applicants for the bulk of the estate. The value of the area as a whole, subdivided, was about .£123.000, and tho Laud Board recommended allotments worth £US,O()O. A few blocks 60iith of the homestead, valued at .£lO,O yot to l>o disposed of. It is practically certain tluit the Closer Settlement Bo.ird will, on Wednesday, confirm the recoin- ; mendations of the Land 80-ard. lor the Strat.UkeUar Estate, near Hamilton, IIS ; applications liave so far boon received. I Onlv two lots out ot the 05 iuto which the ;«rea was sulxlivided are unapplied for. A land board, to deal with the applications, will sit on the 03th iust. at Hamilton. The -fact that the City of Ballarat and Trout’s baud-: ha I been *-> ill advised as lo hold their municipal concerts on the jam l ' night, with tho result that the at tendan.c at each was anything but what it might have been, was to have been referred to at the City Council meeting I yesterdav, but tho :nt:&fnelory; announce ment was made that the former bond had decided to alter its night of concerts front Fiiduv to Monday, and fans any difficulty that might have occurred was obviated. Constable Barber yesterday reported that the engineer of one of the steamers on the Luke known as the Gem. owned by MrTavlor. had committed sundry breaches of the Lake by-laws, one of which was to run a steamer in near the Show grounds and discharge several passengers. The constable, in reporting the matter, did net n*k Tor an authority to prosecute, but merely wished a hint conveyed to the owner’of the steamer that not only must the rule of the road be observed, but that passengers must be landed at the jotty. The engine Imuling the 7.10 a.n«. train to Mitrvlxwough yesterday broke down badlv at Waubra Junction, and traffic wa.> delayed For pome time. The tram was side-tracked to allow lire Baylesfcrd train to go through, nud another engine having been oiocmcd it continued its jturney an hour behind soheiule time. Thos. Kelly, aged 35 yea re, residing it Rerringa, wan treated at the Hospital yes terday for injuries caused by falling off a poay. James James, aged 17, of 3 Frinccts? street, was kicked by n horse and sustained a bruised Ug. He also was attended to. MLvs Kinahnn and Mr J. MTxcan, who were injured in tho tram accident on Weado-.uoe Parade on Friday night, arc reported to be doing well. Miss Kteahon was found on examination yesterday by Dr Woinaiski to have sustained a fra - turod rib. Yoderday Dotcctive Armsteoug arre-ted a young man named Richard Brain, who icsi'kts in Ballarat East, on a change of stealing two shovels and a pick, the pro perly of Mr Heritage. Accused, who de nies the offence, will bo presented at the City Court to-day. Three more cases of typhoid fever were reported to the health authorities yes terday. One of these is in the Hospital, one in Wcndouree Parade, and the third in ALicavthur street. There are now four Hospital employes. suffering from -ho and seoso. and they are reported to be doing as well as can be expected. The monthly statement of the city trea surer was presented to the council yes terday. It showed that A'1,531 rates had beeu received, and .£37 of the sanitary rate, which is about a tenth of the esti mate. Cab licenses to the amount o! .£203, on an estimate of .£236, had been paid in. and other receipts were satis factory. The expenditure had been to date <£I2,IGG 16s 2d, of which the largest were ,£2,518 maintenance, dJI22 on the City Oval, X 165 salaries, *£GB2 Botanic maintmevnee, .£342 on Redan qunrriee, X 355 private r.treets, etc. The present debit balance is .£4,146 13s id. Four interesting cases are to come before the Creswick Court on the 23th inst., in the fthnpe of claims against the Creswick branch of the Amalgamated Miners' As- sociation for accident allowance by meni bera. The cases are exciting considerate interact amongst membera of tho A.M.A., who aro considerably divided in opinion over the claim*. Mr C. Hamilton is act- ing for the claimants. Or Hollway yesterday drew the atten tion of the City Council to'tho fact that the owner of the steam merry-go-round at ; the Gardens was woiking the boiler up to 50 lb pressure, which he considered was dangerous, as the boiler might ex plode. He moved that the boiler be tested and inspected. Cr Morey seconded (he motion, urging that every precaution shout be taken to iSto that these boilers were properly protected. Tho motion was carried. An interesting lecture on “Our Waifs and Strays" was given at the Barkly afreet Lecture Hall last night by the Rev. G. Cos let manager of the farm at East Burwood, connected with the Methodist Central Mission in Melbourne. There was a fairly large attendance. Mr Cole spoke chiefly of the work done in train ing waifs and stra.vs on the farm. H« mentioned that at present there were un der the control of himself and his small shaft about 70 boys, many of whom were uncontrollable before they were take s n chargo of bv the Central Mission authori ties. On the farm fo many hours per day were devo'ed to schooling, farm work and recreation, and the lads in a^ very short time were able to farming in all its branches. The one trouble about the Home was the lack of accommodation* fRd Mr Cole appealed to his audience to assisfc him in having the buildings on the 'arm extended. The lecture was illustrated by splendid lantern pictures, Mr T. Adam being the lasturnist. At the conclusion of the lecture a collection was taken up, half of the proceeds going to the church funds, and the other half towards carry ing on the work at the Mission harm. During the evening musical items given by Mrs James arid Mi- Colo. The Government is calling tend ?'® J°T two new 'wards at the V>endoureo Asylum for the Insane, and these will, w he” * *?*' ed. make the accommodation at the in stitution much more complete. the rew blocks will be similar in design, but »i« differ from other blocks. will be self contained, tlie kitchens attendants' quarters being all under one roof. The wards, which are to be known ns tho infirmary wards, will be 100 feet long bv the same depth, and will sur round a conrt yard. They will each con tain dormitories, dining rooms, bn.tn rooms, kitchens, attendants quarters, sim pla treatment rooms, padded cells, and all other necessary accommodation for about 80 patients. They '• vlU “? erected on the north side or the present buildings, and will cost about Last night at the meeting of the Arts and Crafts Society a most amt instructive lecture was given by Mr An kctol Hendeison on "Tho Evolution of Architecture." Mr llendciwon. who treated the subject in a conversational manner, went: back as .far as •»«<» no. for his fiist illusti-ations of architecture, and dwelt cn tho crude forms of buildings raised in.early F,gy.>t and Chaldea. After showing how the cavo- dwollcre spent- their Teci "'atlon in carving rude symbols on the waifs, ho depicted the evolution of art as applied to architecture, bringing ms by inheres ing sbigrs to tiie times of the Phnrnohs when the giant buildings and tombs of Egypt were raised. 1 iioa the Greek architecture in its varying forms of Tonic and Corinthian wcie illus trated; then tho Homan, the Hone, the Gothir. the Xonnnii, tho French, and £*> nil the gradations of nit and aichitecture weio brought under the notice cf the audi ence in a most attractive manner. Final ly tlic audience was brought in mind to England, and the magnifiernt o ! d cathe drals of Salisbury. Hereford. Winchester, etc., wore described. The lecturer was gteally insisted by a powerful lantern, bv which a s-Tios of very line and most comnrehcnsivv oivtu.es were i-hown, illus trating the architecture of all the cen turies" At the conclusion of the lecture a hourly vole of thanks was tendered to Mx Henderson. tfhe old est ablished business of Cobb and Cos., carried on from Craig’s and George stables, within t!:o district of Ballarat, has been this day transferred aud pur chased by Me sis Siibeiesen Bros., who will continue the same under the old name of Cobb and Cos. The good reputation, of the firm will he tully maintained, and improved appliances are in contemplation for the convenience of the public. The mission to men at St. Peter’s continued last evening, when the iuis- Vsioner, Kov, IT, ißryan';, conducted a special serv.ee a* Bok ock. A good num ber of men were pro-enl. Tho subject of the sermon was, "The Realising of tho Being of God, and the purpose of our hie as illustrated in the call oi Isaiah. In. tho course o: a very earnest address the missioner spoke most plainly and practi cally of the solemn facts of God's being and our exis’enco as individuals formed for life ternal. He urged that all should faco these ifolcinn fairs. By many mov ing illustrations drawn from his own ex perience Mr Bryant counselled, warned and encouraged his hearers to seek the true knowledge of themselves ns immortal souls for whom God yearned with tho love of eternal Fatherhood. The sermon, was followed by an instruction on tho need of getting rich of s.ii, in view of tho certainties of death and judgment. God, he said, could not overlook sin, and men must face the facts of their past sin, but God would forgive sin on the condi tions which His love h:»e> laid down. Tho preachct dwelt with great force on tho mighty yearning of this lore, which yet was joined with an e’ernul justice. From tho ordinary experience? of business and commerciaMife it was preved that judg ment was inevitable, anil all were ear nestly exhorted to search into their past lives "and to seek full forgiveness, and tho ever ready help o; Divine love. Mr Bry ant impresses his hearers with his inten sity of conviction, and with an appeal whose force is evidently outpouring of deep sympathy with human life in all it<*. phases. The mission will be continued to-night at 8. and thir> afternoon the missioner will give an address to women in St. Peter's Church, at 3.30. Tte monthly meeting of the Ballarat Fire Brigade ‘was he‘d evening. Cap tain Trahar presided over a fair minster of members-. Correspondence wee re ceived from tho secretary of the Fire Bri gade Club (Mr S. K. MTver). forwarding cheque for «£lO, the club’s donation to -1 wards the demonstration expenses. —Re- ■ ceived with tl'nnks. Mr W. O'Kee, secre tary of Front’s Band, wrote, applying for ! assistance towards tho demonstration. The ! sum of .£•"> was donated. The Fire Brt ! glides' Board wrve. notifying that the ; board is supplying horse- an! coupling* j for tho Bendigo demons*ratjon, and stat : ing that brig dos competing in hose reel { events unis*, take their own hydrants, j branches, a dummy length of hope and ; reels. It was decided to enter for all i competition events with the exception oi i the engine and eights. One nuomina ! tion for membership was received. It j was decided to hold a special mtoting on j Thursday evening at 5.30, to deal with i the matter of finances. The offieeis and niembcn-of the Ballarat branch of tho Australasian Women s Asso ciation visited othcially the Newington branch last night, and were eordia’ly re ceived. It l>eing a I.vclit-rs* night there was a large attendance, and a t-plend'.d pro gramme, arranged by Miss N\llie_ Rice, ivlio acted as hosier for tho Newington members, was ably carried out by the Minxes Viokit Ho e. West, Rice. Oliver, EL Bar roll, and Messrs R. Bennett, K. Kobo. Jas. Peart, Geo. Addis. F. Ridgeway, and Browne Bro'.heis. A hear.y vote of thanks was to the j>erformeit?, and. at the cloc*o of the prcveedjngs the A.W.A. visitors and iperformers were en'ertained at light refreshmenr.*', whvn rvvcnil snit ablo toasts were enthusiastically honored. Tlie Water Com n lis : o l n*: ’ detectivctv yesterday discovered two cases ot house holder using water on gardens during nro hibited hours, and in ix>th im.-ianccs the water supply was cut ofT altogether. A notice concerning \uu*‘e appears in an other column, and hou-eboiuers would do well to study it Tho City Council yesterday decided or* the motion of Cr Brofcenshire. to con gratulate the State Government on having so successfully floated the conversion lona, which tho mover considoiod was ono cf tho healthiest signs of the times yet ap parent. At the fortnightly meeting of tho Loyal Pioneer Lodge 1.0.0.F. bust evening JE3 3s was voted from the incidental fund to the bush-fires relief fund. 