^ r — °—^ ? ° ° ° ° ° °i ® | =|| aIereal story ||= | 733 =^ ? r- ? w I® By M. FORREST J- -* For the 'Sunday Times.' ® |. CHAPTER II. f 'The garden at Tucka Lagoons-was bright With the red glow of the Klondyke cpsmea. The gravel paths glistened in 'the blaze of the morning sun, and the Sark leaved yuccas stood blackly up against the grey clumps of the thirsty looking salf bush. A wattle, past its flowering time, stood in the centre of a yellowing grass ploc, and there were ?hardy polled cedars along the winding carriage drive. For the garden had been ia joy and pride to the owner of Tucka, '?when he brought his young wife, a city irecl girl, there, twelve years ago, and it Itiad been well laid out, but now weeds sprang up among the grass, the rose trees needed pruning, and the quince' liedges had overgrown the flower beds Jh all directions, though it had a cer tain wild beauty still, where the rose-hued geraniums climbed unfettered up the trel lis, intended, for the grape vines alone,, a'nfl verbena and convolvuli straggled at will across the paths, and the cosmea — Nothing seemed to check the lanky exu berance of its growth. ?''Jill stood on the path and looked at tie flowers. Then she yawned, pushing ' her sun hat, with its broken, brim, ) through which a wisp of yellow hair pro truded, back from her forehead. ? 'Wish I had someone to play with ! ' she said, disgustedly, kicking gravel over a small grey wood lizard which was sun ning itself on the path, 'I'm that sick of dogs and cats ! ' ? There was a stir on the verandah among the squatter chairs, which, like the gar e«o, suffered somewhat from lack of re pair. ' 'Jill, dearest,' said a thin sweet voice, . and a languid length of frail womanhood, in a faded wrapper appeared for a mo ment between the green and gold of the canariensis vine that drooped along the verandah posts. 'Don't you think it is too hot out there in the sun ... go into the shade, like a darling ! ' x r Jill did not move, but continued to kick ?''' sand over the trail of the fleeing lizard. 'I wish you would get me a governess, mother,' she said, without turning her head, for Jill was as untrained as the flowers, 'The Bakers can all read and write much better than I can . . . Mrs. Baker says you are bringing me up a perfect heathen . . . and I really want someone to talk to badly.' Baker was the man who managed an out station on Tucka, and Mrs. Baker had a sister with notions, who lived with her and taught her numerous progeny. The thin figure on the verandah col lapsed into the nearest chair, 'What an idea ! ' she said peevishly. 'What an idea ! . Whatever sbould I do with a woman in the house ! ' 'Oh -' ' answered Jill, wheeling round and walking slowly towards the verandah. 'She could teach me and talk to me while you played cards with the book keeper. It would give you ever so much more time to yourself when you hadn't me to bother about . . . and she might amuse father in the evenings.' Jill's mother laughed. . 'There's something in that ! Would you really like a governess, my dearest own ? She would make you do what she told you, you know ! ' 'Oh ! I don't think so I ' said Jill, calmly, seating herself on the verandah step and examining a scratch on her brown leg. 'Besides, I might like that — for a change ! ' 'The quaint darlfng ! Just look out and see if anyone is comi1'^ over from the store ; the mailman should have been in this morning.' A man pushed ope a the front gate of the garden, and came at a leisurely pace ? along the path. He was a dissipated-] ook ' ing fellow of between thirty and forty -years, dressed in a pair of white mole skin trousers, grey flannel shirt, and a white linen coat, which had apparently shrunk in many washings, and was too tight for him everywhere. On his head he wore a felt hat of the kind sold at '* station stores, and he carried a letter and \- a paper in his hand- 'Here he is ! ' said Jill, getting up and strolling to the Tar end of the verandah. ' She did not like Mr. Lucas, and she ? never troubled to hide her likes and dis likes from their objects. Jill's mother stretched out a long thin freckled hand for the letter. ' 'So the book on bridge-playing didn't come ? ' she said interrogatively. 'How . Blow they are in town ! It must be nearly a month since I wrote for it-' 'We'll have to fall back on euchre,' said the book-keeper, with a smile. He had that educated voice which, when we hear it in the backblocks, we say 'Eng- lish University,' and sometimes add, 'Poor Devil 1' For' that is frequently the best— and sometimes merely the worst —that can be said for the possessor of it. Mrs. Heywood opened the letter which was addressed to her, and read a few lines, 'Oh ! do listen' she. said, a faint color stealing into her sallow cheeks, and showing what she must have been like bofor she faded as women in dry hot climates fade, 'Such a romantic story !' The book keeper pulled at his black moustache, and smiled quizzically. Mrs. Heywood was always discovering romance. ' — to this man who be.ieved romance was dead long since. , 'My dear Mrs. Heywood, or shall I say Mona ? For we were friends when I was a lank lad and you a dear little dimpled school girl' ('How nice of him to begin Ft* ^hat, isn't it?') 'A dear little dimpled yAibol girl.' ('Of- course I was much younger than Frank Tarlton . . . that's ?who the letter is from ... I looked at the end'), 'and that your heart was as kind as your fa«:e was bonnie I have good reason to recall' ('I always had such a soft heart, Mr. Lucas'), 'and in time of doubt and some perturbation, I turn to you. I remember hearing that you had a little daughter . . . Helwood wrote me at the time, and he seemed so proud of .her ... no doubt you are having her educated at home, as T am sure' you would ? .not like to send your only bairn far from you. A very pitiful case has come under my notice, it does not matter how, and the story is that of an orphan girl, deli cately reared, in the home of an old maiden lady who died without a will, and left the girl ? practically, penniless, with not a relative living, and- pretty well without friends, since the old lady willed to live a retired life . . .well, that is not the worst of it. It seems this old lady had a scamp of a nephew, who behind her back made love to her protege, came out here (to escape some trouble I shrewdly : suspect) and wrote the gt?i to come to him. When his aunt died the girl scraped up what she could, sold all her jewellery, and took a second-class passage to Aus tralia- When her boat arrived at the port, instead of finding her future husband waiting for her, a letter was delivered to her, telling her briefly that she had better return to England, as he had been two days married to another woman, the bar maid at the hotel where he wasi staying, and that the sooner she forgot him the 1 better for her. No explanation', just a c \\-ald statement of facts, no address given £ to which to reply. The poor girl was :nearly frantic. She had not sufficient money with wiich to secure even a third class return, and nowhere to go to if she had done so, since her late protec toress* few acquaintances had washed ?their hands of her when they heard ot her proposed journey to her fiancee, prim ?old folk who considered a girl was lost ?who attempted to travel without a chaperone. Stranded in a strange land, ami robbed of her purse in the confusion and despair of her landing, instead of appealing to any one for help she sat for hours in a semi-stunned condition in one of the city parks . . . her luggage went astray, and I have only just re covered it for her after a lot of bother ? . . the doctor^ says she has had a narrow escape from brain fever, brought on ' by shock. However, she is on the mend 'now. She is a lady, willing to work, of pre possessing appearance, and would make, I am sure, an excellent companion or gov erness for your little child . . . but don't let your kind heart speak only. I can procure references from a clergyman ' in England, if you wish it.' Mrs. Heywood dropped the letter in her lap and looked for her pocket handker chief, which was, of course, not in her pocket, 'It's the most romantic story - 1 ever heard,' she said with conviction. 'Of course she must come ! It seems like providence ; the dear little child was only this moment saying she craved for a go verness ! I must write off at once. Let me see, what is Frank's address. Poor Frank ! he seems settling down into a regular old bachelor, never had a romance in his life ! Fancy that ! wears flannel all . the year round and eats toast to every meal . . . says bread gives him dyspepsia . . . ? dear .' dear .' and that poor girl ! ' A sympathetic tear fell on to the sheet of thick notepaper in her lap. The book keeper smiled, cutting up tobacco thought fully. 'How did he pick her up ? ' he said, looking for his matches. 'He doesn't say. Mutual acquaintances introduced her I suppose, to his notice. What a scoundrel the man must . havp been. The poor young thing. It is just like a novel, don't you think, Mr. Lucas?' 'Very,' -; answered the book keeper, laconically,' a yellow back I should say, but, if I were you, I would have those references ! ' ;? Mrs. . Hey wood was studying the letter again. 'Her name is Kitty Sorrel . . poor soul . . . just fancy, Kitty Sorrel, some thing soft and clinging,- just the sort of girl-I was myself, I know.' 'What about a game ? ' asked the book keeper. He was bored. 'Well,' Mrs. Heywood rose and pushed her chair aside, 'perhaps just one before lunch . . . but not for more than half an hour. I must answer this letter to-day to catch the mail. No high stakes now. Marcus gets quite cross if he knows that I have been playing for money in the morning.' She led the way into the house, and Lucas followed, stuffing his pipe, still smoking, ' into his pocket, as was his careless habit — and one which cost him many coats. Jill came back along the verandah. She wrinkled up her little freckled nose dis contentedly. 'Cards again ! ' she said, 'Ugh ! ' and went off to the pantry to get some stale bread. * 'I will go down and -feed the cygnets,' she said. . A brown and scarlet butterfly settled a moment on a large gold cosmos, and the call of the shrike came from beyond the ti- tree flanked _creek as Jill went down thejpatb towards the water. A hot wind rattled the dry leaves of some dying grape vines that were weary of disorder, and Kitty Sorrel's fate hung in the balance, for it was two hours before Mrs, Hey wood, with shining eyes and red flushed cheeks, rose a winner from the card table —the rock against which her marital hap piness was drifting on to wreck. Then the book keeper swept the cards away, and said he must pro ; he would be getting the sack if the Boss came home and found the store deserted, and perhaps some swearing travellers waiting for rations. 'You must come again for your revenge,' Mrs. Heywood said, stretching tier cramped shoulders. 'Don't forget to write that letter,' he answered, taking up his hat, and, as he went down the path, he added to himself, 'It would be rather fun to have the little adventuress here ! ' He passed close to Jill, silting at the root of a gnarled willow tree, chin on hand, watching the gold lights slipping among the green shadows of the water, and the tiny fish shoals passing and repassing. 'Well, chicken,' he said, 'What are you domg ? Making up poetry ? ' This was a favorite joke of his, because, one fatal day, Jill's mother had found some scraps of rhyme the child had jotted down, and he had taken it back to his quarters with him, and made a more or less clever parody on it. Jill had never liked him ; she hated him after thafprying in upon and vandalizing of her holy of holies. So she answered never a word, only fixed her eyes calmly on the tree tops above his head, and ap peared to blot him out of the landscape altogether. Curiously enough Lionel Lucas did not like to be ignored by a feminine, however small and freckled. He frowned and turned_ sharply on his heel. 'It's time there was someone to teach that brat manners,' he said to himself, as he climbed the opposite bank and went up the dusty station street. But Jill sat on and watched the gold sun flecks lose themselves in the cool waving of the weeds, and the shadows of the willow leaves in the still water, and thought the long thoughts which were some day to be read and wept over, half across a world. CHAPTER III. The creak of the sun-warm saddle leather, The beat of the horse's impatient hoofs. And clear and far in the cloudless weather The silver shimmer, of station roofs. The men were all away at their work in different parts of the wide run. The station lay still, simmering in the heat of a golden afternoon, when the. blue shadow less sky arched above the empty wool shed, the straggling ti-trees by the creek, and the distant gleaming rest of the sheet of water from which the homestead de rived its name. 'I-will show you round,' said Jill, slip ping her brown hand into her new. go verness's white one, 'I am sure you must be dying to .see the station.' 'The, Station' was the most^interesting place in the world to Jill ; sometimes she imagined it to be the hub of the universe; Cor it was the only home she had ever known, and save for occasional flights of poetic fancy, her world was bounded by Its wire fences and white painted gates. They crossed the foot bridge at the bot ;om of the garden and climbed the rugged flood scarred bank, Jill pointing out the lusky shapes of the cygnets hiding in the shade of the willow trees, as they went. Then along the wheel-marked road and past the row of cottages occupied by the station hands, their wives and frequently numerous offspring. 'That's where Mrs. Stradfeldt, the bullock driver's wife lives,' said Jill, indicating a three-roomed bark roofed house, with a row of nodding sun flowers straggling against its two-railed fence. 'She has a baby every year, rather extravagant of her, I think, don't you ? But its kind of jolly to have so many young things about the place.' A thin woman with a ruddy weather beaten face, came to the door and glanced out. She hail the hopeless expression of many working men's wives in the back blocks, and she looked with lack lustre eyes at the 'fine lady governess' as Kitty was already called on the station, because her hands were white and her clothes of an unaccustomed cut. A wail from the in terior of the house recalled Mrs. Strad feldt to her last 'extravagance,' and she disappeared, but many small bare-legged children peeped from round the corners of the slab walls and sent looks full of in terest after the stranger. The next cottage, one of more preten sions, as it was weather-boarded aria iron roofed, belonged to the Welsh engine driver and his wife, a bright-eyed woman with a Welsh mouth and the remnants of a complexion. She was looked upon with suspicion by the other women of the place, because she wore gloves on a Sunday, and took some thought to her children's frocks. Two children she had, a pretty pair, boy and girl, favorites of Jill's — who liked anything that was good to look upon- She signalled to them now, as they sat eating bread and dripping on the doorstep, but they shook their brown heads with the independence of the native-born. 'Mother said she'd wallop us if we left the house while she's washin,'' shrieked the girl, 'Is that your new governess, Jill?' Bay iviiss jiu, ana mina your uetters, came a sharp voice from the back of the ,house, and for a moment Kitty had a glimpse of a round heated face, and a mass of curly brown hair, tied round with a red cotton handkerchief, which was. distinctly becoming, as the engine-driver's wife left her kerosine-tin boiler an in stant to attend to her children's manners. Past the more ambitious home of the head overseer, a cottage boasting a veran dah round three sides and built on piles, with a garden where a grape vine trailed and a peach tree grew, already falling a victim to the little eyeless pests, so Jill told Kitty. 'Some day it will topple, peaches and all, for its sure to go just when the peaches are getting ripe ; the white ants have eaten into the.. trunk.' Then they reached .tlfe engine shed, where the great silent engine, used for cutting timber for building and fencing purposes, stood. , . ? , ,, ' This was a favorite spot of Jill's. 'I like the saw-dusty smell,' she said, 'and the ? steamy row the engine makes. I have never seen a railway train. Miss Sorrel, and I shut my eyes and think I am in one when I smell the oil of the engine, and make believe that I am travel ling to England or somewhere. Were you sorry to leave England ? ' Kitty Sorrel looked across to the line of oale grey leaved 'gums that hid the main road, before she answered. 'I wasn't sorry then, dear, because ? ' She paused, realising with horrible vivid nes how bright that shattered dream of happiness had been, how grim and grey the life long awakening. ? » 'You are tired, aren't you ? ' asked Jill, gravoly, noting her sudden paleness, 'Sit down on the bench a bit. It's rather greasy, but it won't hurt your serge skirt, and the saw-dust will shake oil.' 'Yes, I am tired,' said Kitty, dully, leaning back against one of the supports of the galvanised iron shed and wonder ing v.'-hat he was doing now — wonderin if tho other woman made him as happy as she would have tried to have done — wonderiDg, wondering.. Jill clutched her hand. 'There's that horrible Mr. Lucas coming ! quick ! let's scoot ! ' ' 'Why ! Where ? Why in he horrible, child?' ? Jill lowered her voice and her eyes grew round. 'He's got the evil eye. Miss Sorrel ! ' 'Nonsense ! What are you talking about ? ' . Kitty camo Vapidly back to everyday life. , 'Grimm's fairy tales, you know, the e.vil eye. I am sure he has it, he makes me creep all over ! ' A man was coming past the cottages towards them, swinging a gum switch in his hand. He waved his hat to Jill. 'Wait a minute ! ' he called, for Jill was hurrying her companion in the direc the centre of the swaying bridge. Kitty ..spanned the creek above the engine shed. He caught up to them as they stood in the centre of the swaying bridge. Kitty rather dizzy from the unaccustomed al titude, Jill doing her best to maVe the narrow boards rock beneath their feet in hr impish wish to make Lucas uncomfort able, as he steadied himself towards them, holding on to the twisted wires along the sides of the footbridge. 'I must introduce myself to you, Miss Sorrel, as I am sure Jill won't,' he said, bowing profoundly to Kitty, his bold eyes fixed enquiringly on her. She was not the sort of woman he had expected to see, but, he told himself, appearances were often deceitful — especi- ally with women. Kitty bowed slightly. She was in that state of mind when all men are hateful — because of one. Lionel Lucas said something about the weather and asked her how she liked the bush. 'Loo:* tnere ! ' ne said, 'Tnat is some thing which would have startled me when I first came out from home.' Following the direction of his finger she saw, far below, among the branches of 3 stunted willow, twisted in and out in rings of brown and white, the thick body and small head of an immense carpet snake. She shuddered, drawing closer to Jill. 'Ts it a boa-constrictor ? ' she asked, fearfully, and he decided that she had fine eyes. He laughed. '?'No. Only a carpet snake. Quite harm less except to fowls or cats. Miss Jill lost a cat that way, didn't you, Jill ? Squeezed to death, not a bone left un broken. Most curious appearance it pre sented when it was rescued.' 'Don't -! ' said Jill, with blazing eyes, and Kitty saw her lips tremble. Lucas laughed again. 'Still a tender memory ? ' Then sud-' denly, as he saw Kitty's doubting eyes fixed on him. 'Are you going to take up riding while you are here. Miss Sorrel ? /I will look you out a suitable mount among the station hacks, if you like- I know the Boss would like you to see the run, I could take you to several pretty spots on an off day.' 'You're always having 'off' days,' said Jill, scornfully, 'I am going to take Miss Sorrel myself ; she's come here to talk to me, not to you ! ' 'Jill ! ' Kitty looked properly shocked. 'You mustn't be rude, dear ! ' But the book keeper was used to Jill, he told her ; she didn't mean anything. It was just her way, and together the three crossed the bridge and strolled along the little bridle ' track bordered by white starry wild clematis, towards the high gapden gate on the west side of the house. Mrs. Heywooa met mem ai me ga.i.e. duo wore a trained wrapper, and had a lace scarf over her hair. 'Won't you come in, Mr. Lucas ?' she asked, as the bookkeeper turned to go back by the way he had come. He looked from her to Kitty, who was wandering on to the house with her hand on Jill's. 'I i don't think I will come to-night. Does she play ??' Mrs. Heywood shook her head. 'She was brought up by an old lady, who disapproved of cards,' she said. But that wouldn't prevent us.' He shook his head, laughed with his fin ger on his lip, and his quizzical eyes on hers. ' - 'Don't let us make a bad impression on youth and innocence,' he said. Mrs. Heywood stared at him curiously a taoment. 'I don't always understand you,' she said, and then she trailed her untidy tca^own aftec the others. ( Lionel Lucas went slowly between the star points of the flowering clematis. He paused for an instant, looking back at the white glimmer of the gate.' 'I do net always understand myself,' he said. Two or three days later Kitty Sorrel had her first lesson in riding, and resisting an overpowering inclination to clutch at the pommel of her saddle every few minutes, she got on fairly well. Jill hovered about her on her brown pony, with the delight which children take in teaching their wise elders anything. Mr. Heywood accompanied them. He was a tall, thin, taciturn man, whose eyes had grown strained, looking for rain in days of drought, under the brazen skies of Western Quensland, whose face was burned to a brick-red by Queensland suns, and whose big brown hands were badly scarred by ''Rnrp.nn rot.' He seemed fond of Jill In' an undemon strative fashion, cared very little as to whether she was educated or not, but made no objection to his wife's notion of having a governess for the child ; had taken pains' tc make a good rider, and an expert swim mer of her, and was wrapped up in his sheep and cattle. Of his wife he took little notice, scarcely ever- addressing her, unless' it was absolu tely necessary ; rising at the same hour every day, and going to bed at the same hour every night, unless some unexpected happenings on the station prevented him. He did not care' about a garden, thought flowers 'waste of time.' and never seeired to enjoy his meals, eating . just what was set before him without comirent, not praising nor finding fault -« a if ntvaf Ytav a tirpcnmf* -snrt nf nsrson.' Kitty decided, as she came to know his ways. She thought he could nevor be angry and never particularly pleased unless he was stirred to a rare enthusiasm by a record wool crop. But in this she was mistaken. Marcus Heywond had been furi ously angry once in his life, so ansry that he saw red, and almost ra.ised- his hand against1 the woman he had 'sworn to love and cherish. It was when one evening, while the floods were out, and he had been .lust eighteen months married, returning wet and hungry from an ineffectual at tempt to rescue some stud sheep from a low-lying paddock, he had found his wife Fitting at the table where his dinner had grown stone cold with vsiiting uncovore'l for him, playing cards with one of tho sta tion hands, a handsorae ne'er-do- well, l'orn a gentleman, grown a c?d, whom ho bad particularly asked her to avoid, treating Win on terms of equal; ty. She had some loose silver on the table- near her, and she looked up and lav-hcrl when he came in. Ho 1;ad never seen ?.ior eyes so bright. - 'Mr. Oerrard cotr.o. over with a mes sage,' she said, 'and so we passed the Ilmo iinm 'on name hf-Tne.' 'Oocri evening. OfTRrci.' saicl Heyvoo'l 'ji-ith rhTiculty. ami .?1ih« ycimp fellow looV i'ne hint snd left with a 3:urricd 'Good nifrht.' . Haywood swept the cards to the'floor. '?^Whcn I married you, Mona, you said you had never touched a card in ycur life. You knew I was acquainted with your /family history — how your father and .uncles had ruined themselves and others at the game — racing, card-playing, dice. Your brother embezzled trust money and died in a gamblng hell in San Fran cisco. You frankly said you knew it was. in your blood, and for the sake of those to come, as well as for our own, you would at least kern free from the family curse. And here, eighteen rr.onths married, and playing for. money with a —good Lord ! Do you. good woman, know the. sort of man Garrard is ?' What sort of tale will he have for the men in the hut about sitting up playing with the Boss' wife ?' ? 'It was only for shilling points,' she said.. 'And I am so dull, Mark. You don't s»oT*n ffti. .-mo ai vmi 7iRpd to. wraDDed up in your horrid old sheep and things.' She began to cry. He put his arm round her as though to shield her from some unclean thing, but he said nothing. She leaned her head against his shoul der. 'I will never play again,' she said. 'But you need not make a fuss, dear ; it was only for a small sure.— and — and ? ' 'It wasn't the money, nor twice the money,' he answered, huskily . 'It is only that I am afraid — afraid for my son that is to be.' She promised, softened, with many vows — vows which lasted until the baby— not a son after all — but a wise-eyed, tow-headed little maid — was a year old. Then she said it was because he was tired of her, wrapped up in saving stock from the drought which followed so closely on the big flood, and because her health was deli cate for a long time after the baby came, that she grey low-spirited arid pined for some excitement to vary the ennui of her existence. There were quarrels and reconciliations, and at last Heywood gave way. If she must play — since play she would — let it be with some fellow he could trust not to talk about it all over the district, and when Lucas, between Heywood and whom had been a friendship of some years' standing, applied for the situation as book and store keper on Tucka lagoons. Mrs. Heywood was able to indulge in her one pleasure whenever the bookkeeper could spare an hour or two. Heywood had ceased to care, as long as ho was not present when his wife's eyes grew hawk- like and her thin cheek flushed in her eagerness for the game. He was indifferent as to how long or how often she played. He was indifferent to most things now ; sometimes it seemed as though he was indifferent to his only child. This morning, as they rode through the lightwood scrubs, bounding the red sanded road on either side with their pale green foliage, he roused himself to occasionally point out a landmark to Kitty, such as the remnant of a chock-and-log fence, left by some devastating bushfire, tie peg the sur veyor had put in the wrong place when he was too drunk to see straight, the gap where the dingoes had pulled down and killed a prize ram two Summers ago, the patch of emu berries, straggling-staiked and orange-hued, which, Jill emphatically add ed, had nearly poisoned her when she had essayed to sample them at a picnic, and where the timber thinned until it became but a tree here and there on a little open plain ; the small bark hiit, where old Bill, the dog-poisoner, lived. 'Oh, father ! Let's go in and see Bill,' said Jill, urging her pony to a smart trot. 'I'll go on ahead-and see if he's at home.' ? Kitty clutched frantically at the pommel cf her saddle, and felt that her hour had come, for her hack tried to follow Jill's pony, the result being a sort of jog, very distressing to a person not sure of her seat. Heywood put his hand on the rein and steadied the horse to a comfortable walk. 'Mustn't leave you on the road,' he said, with a faint smile, as Kitty put up one hand to straighten her hat, from under which her bright hair was escaping. Jill turned in her saddle and called back to. them : 'Hurry up, now ; Bill's there !'' Between the two rough wood door posts a 'man's figure appeared, clad in a grimy pair of molesKi: .;, a faded cotton shirt and felt hat. 'Day,' he said, laconically, as the three horses pulled up in front of the hut. Jill slipped off her horse. 'If we come in, you will give us brownie and tea ?' she asked, hitching her pony's bridle to an iron hook driven into a rotting post,, at the foot of which a yellowing ?tomato vine clung. . * 'P'r'aps,' said Bill, with his slow smile, following a delighted -wink. - 'got a stick of tarbacker to spare, Boss ?' The Boss thought he had. A glance through th-3 door of the . single roomed hut showed Kitty a bunk made of roughly put together saplings, with a piece, of baggy canvas stretched across ' it, a candle box doing duty as a 'h-iir/a ''?-?in of uneven boards standing on four stakes driven into the earthwu iloor, aim. a wooden form, which Bill dragged out with many grunts, far his guests to sit on. Jill helped to make the fire and fill the billy with water from the billabong at the back of the hut, and the air was soon full of the mingled scents of strong tea and dry, crackling, flame-licked ,gum leaves. Bill did the 'honors with dignity, hand ing round the brownie on a rusty tin plate, and being particularly lavish with the dark brawn sugar, helped out .of a small calico bag, which had apparently been long unwashed. 'I've bin all the mornin' layin' baits in the long paddock,' ha said. 'Heard the dingers howlin' up that way ir. the night— that's the worst of bein' so near to the ninety niilo scrubs, Miss,' he added, turn ing to Kitty. 'Just harbor for dogs they are. Miss.' Kitty shuddered. '; 'Are they very fierce ?' s£e asked, re calling a picture she -had seen of wolves fighting in the snow across the body of a woman. Bill drew his hand acrcss his mouth. 'Not to 'uman bein's. Miss, as you may say, but mighty dangerous to the pore sheep. A cousin of mine, a celebrated Q.C., Miss, used to say ? ' What the celebrated cousin used to say was lost for the menent in an assault Bill's half-bred collie made on the brownie, and the repressing of an oath .by Bill, as he went to the rescue of his cake. He pursued the dog into the hut and out through an opening in Ihe bark wall which did duty, as a window. Mr._Heywood looked at. Kitty and smiled ?vaguely. 'You mustn't believe all Bill says about his grand relations, Miss Sorrel. It's rather a weakness of, Bill's to embroider Bill returned, red in the face and pant ing. ^ 'That dog deserves poisonin' as mucn as any dinger,' he said, sitting down on the candle box, which he had brought out with him from the interior of the hut, 'and sure as my name's William Planta-gen-et Jones, that dog will get a bait from me afore he's many days older.' He looked darkly ar Jill, who was in clined to laugh. 'It -non't be any smilin' matter for 'im then, I can tell you, Missie.' 'You wouldn't really kill your poor dog ?' enquired Jill, scraping the. sugar out of the bottom of her pint with a twig. ''He's company for you, Bill.' 'A man like me,' said Bill, drawing his hand across his mouth again to wipe away some crumbs that cluxig to his iron- grey moustache, 'don't want much for com pany. He can't mix much with folk, 'eos there ain't — jest between ourselves as sits here — many of his equals about this part of the country. I daresay you think it strange, Miss,' turning to Kitty again, 'but I was a uni-ver-sity man myself !' With his pale blue eyes fixed sternly on her, Kitty gulped out that it wasn't at all strange ; she thought she had heard of stranger things than that, impressing Bill with the notion that she was a young wo man of much discrimination. And it was with quite a jaunty air he held her horse for her while Heywood helped her to mount. 'He's an old fool, bm a good man at his work,' said Marcus Heywood, as they rode back through the lightwood trees in the rapidly falling night. Shadowy shapes moved beside them through the timber, v/-hich Jill explained were kangaroo coming out to feed. 'They never feed in the day, you know, Miss Sorrel ; always wait till the night, and then creep out to find the nicest, grassiest bits. I made up some poetry about it once' (sotto voce). 'It went: a waits tor tnem m tne morning, wnen tne dew is on the flowers, It calls for them in the evening in the quiet, scented hours. It is grown with long, bliie grasses, by the. grey tjum trees, set round, The magic, silent circles of the big 'roos' feeding ground. She broke off suddenly, for through the clear air came the sound of ther curlews calling, calling like broken hearts, from the edge of the ninety mila scrubs. 'I hate the curlews,' said Jill. 'They make me think that someone I- like is dead !' And then they saw ahead of them the 4ron roofs of the station buildings, loom ipgvwhitely in tho dusk. (TO BE CONTINUED.) t 