KALANGADOO. (From our own Correspondent.) September 12. Mr. Archibald Walker, of Mount Mac Intyre, died yesterday at the age of 86 years. Mr. Walker had been ailing for some considerable time, and his end was not unexpected. He leaves three sons, three daughters, 48 grandchildren, and five great grandchildren. His remains were conveyed to Mount Gambier for burial. The following is a short sketch of the deceased gentleman's life, which may prove interesting to his many friends : Mr. Walker was born in Edinburgh, Scotland, on September 2, 1821. He sailed from Leith on February 2, 1839, in the ship Midlothian, and after a voyage of nearly five months arrived at Port Phillip at the end of June. While on board he was engaged by a gentleman to act as shepherd on landing, for which he was to receive £20 per year. He worked for three years for this employer, living on damper and mutton, and this was all he actually received, as the farmer turned insolvent, and the shepherd never received a shilling. After this he was employed on a station called the Coran. While there some excitement was caused by the news that a woman and three children were lost in the bush. The woman had been to a neighbouring station for butter, and on the return journey lost her way. For seven days the country, was scoured in the hopes of finding them, but without success, (in the eighth day, while Mr. Walker was following his sheep, he found them all alive. The mother said that that morning the children were too weak to travel, so she left them under a tree while she went to make a further search for some homestead, but before she had got more than a hundred yards she heard her little ones crying for her, and she turned back to them, determined to stay and die with them. All they had to sub sist on was three pounds of butter. Mr. Walker's next engagement was on a sta tion called Broadmeadows, near Narra coorte, owned by Messrs. Oliver and Brown. The blacks here were very treacherous. One day three of them came with their lubras to the camp fire where Mr. Brown was working. Mr. Brown helped them to smooth a waddy with the tools that he had at hand. The next morning Mr. Brown took the sheep to water, and on his not returning Mr. Walker was sent to look for him, and found him quite dead, killed presumably with the waddy that he had helped the blacks to make. When the Victorian dig gings broke out Mr. Walker's em ployers offered £2 per hundred for shearers, but could not get them, so intent were they to get to the diggings. Mr. Walker, who also had the gold fever, started with his wife and another married couple for Ballarat, taking with them a horse and cart and £100. After 12 months all his money was gone, and he was £13 in debt. He returned to his former master, and began carting wool to Geelong with bullocks, a distance of nearly 300 miles. The time ocoupied by the journey was 6 weeks. He was on the road, on the memorable " Black Thurs day," and was surrounded by bushfires that swept the country. On arrival at Geelong he unloaded and received his money (£80). He had to remain there a night, and the only accommodation was a tent. The landlord of the tent suggested that he should give him the money for safe keeping. He had put £70 down, when a man sprang up and swept it off the table, and before he had time to think was gone. He had £10 left, and had to pay £2 for getting his horse shod. Later in the day, while his horse was feeding at the store, someone stole it, and he never saw it again. More than 40 years ago Mr. Walker settled down at Mount Gambier, where he lived for the greater part of the time. Recently he went to live with his son, Mr. J. Walker, at Mount MacIntyre. 