Many years have elapsed since South Aus tralian pastoralists have experienced such a nerve-shaking and grass-destroying fire as that which last week swept the eastern side of the Darling. What can one expect with such, immense tracts of dry grass waving 'feet high among dry and dead forests of small timber, with no chance of eating down the growth and no effort made to create fire brakes? u Country -which has been drought k etricken and unstocked for years cannot he suddenly restocked to its proper capacity. Abnormal growth of the rankest and most inflammable feed must have ever seemed a menace to the runholders. No precautions seem to have been possible, and the loss of * stock is only' light because of the very light and'much scattered nature of the stocking. The writer has in mind just such another grass- waving, lightly stocked district on the LacbJan. The runholdera are living, and have for weeks past been living,in such a constant state of dread lest fire break out that all the prominent outlooks in the coun try aTOund are manned by sentinels night and day. These are connected by telephone ?with a common centre, and any outbreak of fire can thus be at once reported and im mediately attacked and possibly defeated before the overwhelming sweeping crash eets in. Fire barely enters into consideration when estimating the annual list of troubles of the inland pastoralist6. His grass grows in tussocks with snace in between, that Is to say, when — which is not often — be has any grass at all. Hence to such as these the overwhelming advance of a huge bush fire is a matter little understood. Dense Columns of black smoke and a roaring crash ing sound are impressive enough during the day, but it is at night that a fire of this ?immense description compels admiration. The whole sky is lit, up for miles around, and though owing to the wind usually dropping at nights the advance of the fiend is not so rapid^ the detail work of destruc tion among the big timber is going on. To see acres of gFass being burnt, and to see a wheatfield ablaze are impressive and im posing sights, but of all such scenes none Can come up to the spectacle of a fire on a sugar plantation. That does look like money burning with a vengeance. Two old homesteads with histories rife With reminiscences are advertised for sale — Coonatto, with 4,800 acres of freehold, and Eanyaka, with 18,000 acres of leasehold. Neither seems to have filled any proper part since the days of squatting on a big scale. Scores of men, farmers, station hands, and others in the north, and in fact, all over the State, can claim to have gradu ated and gained their early experience on these two old places. Some have risen to distinction, many have gone the way of all flesh, and others have dropped out of the race for position, -wealth, and all else. The sale last week of Pernatty and Wood forde runs to Mr. W. H. Greenfield illus trates an example of the survival of the fittest. He was in the employ of the firm holding these runs for many years, knew no other employer, and to-day holds much of their old run on the west side of Port Augusta, and what is more, holds it to con siderable personal advantage. His is an example of what perseverance and hard work can accomplish in a dry country, and his career has grown to be spoken of beyond the State as one of the most extraordinary ever known in the annals of sheep-farming. After a series of vicissitudes, during which his run was visited by on appalling drought \--less than 10 inches of rain in four years he found his stock reduced to 25 mixed sheep and seven rams, and his cash to some few pounds only. A lucky thunderstorm and a luckier purchase on halves of a few old ewes saw him start afresh until to-day he owns a very considerable amount of all that he most needed, and was able to add thereto last week by the purchase of the abovementioned. runs and all their stock for £8,400. The writer takes this oppor tunity of wishing him all the luck which he deserves. Having regard to the effect of the col lapse in the pastoral industry west and north-west of Port Augusta, Mr. Thomas Young, of Young & Gordon, has kindly sup plied the following figures of wool exports, from Port Augusta since 1888:— Bales Bales of of Tear. wool. Year. wool. 1888 .. 86,6H- 1897 .. 21,307 1880 ?. . 38,678 1898 . . 19,853 1890 ,. 36,«90 1889 .. 17,791 1891 .. 41,068 1900 .. 18,012 ?v 1892 .. 38,192 1901 .. 18,170 1893 .. 48,330 1902 .. 13,952 1894 .. 38,650 1903 .. 11,456 1895 .. 41,982 1904 .. 10,867 1896 .. 28,870 1905 .. 18,775 The owners of a Riverina station some ?'. years ago bred a Suffolk Punch mare, pro-i bably a crossbred, to old Fireworks. From ': this mating the issue was a very good sort of filly, showing remarkable quality and great substance. This filly, put to several horses, produced nine foals, two of which ' Were males. The lowest price received for one of these geldings at a period when horses were probably 50 per cent, lower in -pjice than they are at present was £70. : Two of the nine won Several good jump. ?ing racea, Including steeplechases on Flem ? ington, while others were sold at over 100 .guineas apiece for carriage horses. In -several instances this mare threw a. foal almost the exact counterpart of its : sire, And all that the fortunate owner was re quired to do was to secure a high-class ?v * ' horse, for the father, and the Son 'was certain to carry its progenitor's best points. Some, -indeed, ',' gained something m disposition and stamina from the mare, and were far superior to any others pro duce 1 by their sires. Another interesting case was that of a .14.2 black mare from a Timor pony, by a son of old Touchstone! This little mare was like a piece of whalebone. She won several very good races, and carried on one occasion a 13 st. man over 90 miles between daylight and 6 o'clock in,the evening. Un fortunately she was not regarded as being likely to prove valuable as a brood mare, and was bred, as it were, to anything that was handy. In spite of this dndiscriminate mating, the half-daughter of the Timor pony produced from a thoroughbred a valuable pair of buggy horses, exactly alike, which would now realise at least 70 guineas. From a draught horse she foaled ' three fine sorts, fit for any class of work between the shafts and good to ride; in fact, one won many prizes as a showground hunter. From an Irish hun ter she threw two exactly like their sire, which was, indeed, a rare performance, the handsome stallions introduced into this country under the title of Irish hunters, being, as every horseman knows, cross bred and most unreliable as sires. Last year Mr. W. B. Slade, of Glen gallan, on the Darling Downs, who has one of the purest Merino flocks iu Aus tralia, offered the Queensland Govern ment 50 pure stud Merino ewes on condi tion that the pure strain of Spanish Merino blood may be retained for all time without the admixture of any strange blood. The Glengallan flock was founded by the late Mr. John Deucher, and the pure strain has been maintained for 35 years. Delivery of the ewes was pro mised about this time, and the depart ment has gone to some expense in prepara tion. A board has been appointed to inspect the sheep, and the same gentlemen will be asked to inspect the premises set apart for the stud stock before delivery is taken in order to see that proper arrange ments have been made. Mr. Slade's munifi cent offer does not stop at that stage since he promises to supply rams 'from time to time. In this way the Govern ment will have sheep for distribution, and gradually the pure Australian Merino type of direct Spanish descent will spread throughout Queensland. 