ureaa betini'ren "Let all the ends thou ai.a'd4 satr h. Uhs Country s. :Thy God's, and Truth's.' FRIDAY, JANUARY 25, .1901 Ac the present time the -Chief Socre tary's schenie for the orgunis:ation of Bush Fire Brigades has not .received proper attention. It is evidently based on the coming Bush Fires' Bill, anid should be taken in hand by the :people in country districts everywhere, The shires are to be divided into bush-fire districts, and over each a District Fire Warden, chosen by the association, is to preside. He must be familiar with the conditions of the country over which he rules, and with the methods by which fires are held back and ex tinguished. He will control a sufficient number of residents to actas fire-war dens-a regular fighting force con sisting of owners or occupiers of land and their sons or employees. Direct ly a fire is reported it will be the duty of the wardens to proceed with all speed to-the scene, giving notice by every means possible to other wardens, and taking with them beaters, spades, water-carts and other appliances for the suppression of the fire; The dis trict warden shall control the beaters. Each sub-district should have a Ladies' Refreshment Corps, regularly; organ; ised, to ensure proper refreshment of beaters. -This. will entail some pre liminary meetings of the ladies, who, when they take work of this or indeed any other kind in hand, always do it generously and well. But the organi sation beforehand is necessary so that the task of providing the food and drinks shall not fall on ti e few near the fire, and also that there m:iy be no waste. Under section 6001 of the Local Government Act a shire council is .mrc0.rsae; we l awer- it nR. cr'io force pumps attached. Very few will be needed since there are carts being introduced on well-kept farms, and would be available in case of fires. No fire warden is expected to go more than ten miles from his home, and the district officer and his lieutenants, knowing their districts, will carefully plan in advance the steps to be taken when the emergency occurs. To minimise the danger of fire the brigade will induce farmers to make fire breaks round their stacks and homesteads by ploughing two strips, each 3 feet in width, and half a chain apart, and burning between them when the day is favorable. No burning-off is to be permitted without notice to the fire warden, Further precautions against fire are contained in circulars and potices issued by the Chief Secretary's Department, and these should be cir a.lIated in every country district uy the Government,. proposal has been miide that Shire Councils should set aside parts of their reserves on the roadside an camping places for travel lers, and have displayed conspicuously at these places a warning against the careless use of fire, with a definite in struction to extinguish the fire after it has served its purpose. If the councils should exercise some supervision over such places, or if landowners travelling to and fro would do so, it would; we think, be even more effective. The importance of the organisation of dis trict and sub-district hricades in the North-East can hardly be over-esti tmated, otably? in a season .iuk this when the.whole country is so heavily grassed. The work of organisation is simple, the appliances are to hand, and when compared to the value of the property exposed to this great danger, the little trouble involved in forming brigades should be gladly undertakenI by landowners. 