THEATRE ROYAL; "BREAKING OF THE DROUGHT." Perhaps lite biggest bouse of the season was drawn to the Theatre Royal on Saturday night to witness the revival of Arthur Shirley's Australian drama, "The Breaking of the Drought." Tho piece was mounted 111 a lavtsn manner, wrm a careful attention to detail, and several of the artistic settings by Mr. John Brunlon stood out prominently from tlio remainder of an already line mounUng. Particularly was this the case as regards the busb-firo scene, through which Mr. Bland Holt, as Damper, rides to save tho life of tho son of his employer, who baa been lured into a death- trap by tlio calculating vil lain (in the play). The leaping flnmes, crack ling ferns, nnd fnlllng timbers, from which myriad sparks shot skyward, gavo a. wonderful realism to the picture, and evidenced tho tho roughness with which Mr. Holt does tliinge. The scene wns a capital one, and Mr. Brunlon is to be complimented upon tlie excellence of his work, albeit Saturday night was a "hot time" for indoor bush-fires. AnoUier fine presentation in the way of scenic effect was that of Little Coogec, and here, to -balacc off the warm scene, there was an exhibition ot lilgb-dlvlng Into real water. In tills connection t'he aquatic, sport ing, and mld-alr evolutions of the Cavill family wore henrtlly applauded. Other tableaux which were warmly appreciated were pieces of Mos- man, Paddy's Market, and Squatter Galloway's station out back. In file latter a good Idea was to be bad of tlie ravages of a drought, the cosy homestead being in the centre of tlio ono llttlo patch of half-dead vegetation, which was slowly browning in the midst of an already parched ' westland. Of the piece Itself there Is little to bo said, beyond tho fact that the oharactcrs wander ac cording to usual custom through a maze of in tricacies, In which tho good man and the bad mad alternately triumph, until at tho close, af ter having gone half-way through the calendar of villainy, the rogue of the piece makes a cli max ot murder. Finally wrongs nro righted, nnd nil Is well that ends well. Miss Maggie Knight, who made a wolcomo ro- appoarauce with Die Bland Holt company, played tho part of Mrs. Galloway, the squatter's wife, conscien tiously and well; and in the several scenes In which she was supposed to show a mother's lovo to an erring son she was most effective. Miss Frances Ross, as Marjorle Galloway, "a flower of tho bush." gave a natural Interpre tation of tho sister whoso devotion leads her into all sorts of thorny parts In order that she may reclaim tho wandering brother. Miss Har- rle Ireland, a woman of pleasure, made the most out of a not too pnlatablo part, and tho Misses Florence Kelly, Jennlo Pollock, Violet 'Canty, and Minnie Livingstone added to tho general strength of the east. Mr. Walter Baker had tlio usual "good boy" part, and was frequontly applauded by tho more than satisfied gods, who just us liberally showed their aversion to tho methods of Varsy Lyddleton (Mr. Norman). Mr. Styan was well placed as Jo Galloway (a squat ter), as also ware Mr. Brown (a music-hall art ist), Mr. Maxwell (as Gilbert Galloway), and Mr. Carlcton Stuart (Dr. Wotnor, a small part well played). Tho comedy part was, as usual, in the hands of Mr. Bland Holt, who extracted some wholesome fun out of tlie character of Damper. "Tho Breaking of tho Drought" should havo a long run. The "Sybil" gavotto, specially dedicated to Mrs. Holt by tho composer. Miss Kathleen O'Neill, was played by tho orchestra. 