-CIHRIiTMAA 1N A SUNNY CLIME. (By "L.B.J.") As the stripper revolves slowly round the last square of sun-browned wheat, which stands like an island in a sea of yellow stubble, the quail fly north in flocks and scatter at lightning speed. They have postponed their time of de- parture untl the last moment, loth to brave the terrors of that red, ungainly machine as it rattles over the baked land, flourishing its gaunt arms in a very ogre- ish fashion. Green parrots flutter to and fro in hundreds, crying shrilly as they dart down lon the squandered grain; when they seek cover in the thick, ver dant foliage of the tall gum trees they aro practically free from observation: it takes a keen pair of eyes to detect their presence, so perfectly do they har monise with the natural surroundinga? only that insistent call betrays them. On three sides the harvest fields are "enclosed by low, well-wooded hills, on the fourth a rude waggon-track winds ,through uncleared bush to join the main _ road fire miles distant. Soil which was virgin less tman two years ago has this season borne its first crop: at every, available point pioneers are pressang forward into thg heart of the wilder ness. and by their untiring efforts the waste places are becoming fruitful, smil ing plains of plenty. Nearly all the larger trees have been "'inged"; some of them are dead and grey and withered: with others. the leaves have faded' to a.palo gold hue: many have shed their hark and stand 'out redly as the sun rests for a moment on the western ridges before dipping swiftly behind the serrated summits. l~rom the deep, sombre vistas which stretch away into the remoter solitudes of the forest come the harsh notes- of the big black cockatoo and the busy twittering of a hosb of lesser birds. When the shadows begin to lengthen, the small grey kangaroo steals from his resting-place in some lonely thick et and starts feeding on the young shoots which form a dense scrub on the rough slopes of the hills: every now and again he pauses and sits bclt-upright, his nostrils quivering un easily, s -ears pricked, every sense on "the alert`, until, reassured, he drops on all fours again and resumes his leisure ,.,, nibbling. The great granite boul .ders are rudely scarred by the hand of time. Here a huge and massive frag ment of an earlier world is poised so precariously that it seems but. a con paratively siight shock would be neces stry to seid it hurtling down-into the valley below; thus it has stood for countless ages, impervious to any ex ternal influence, stolidly immovable, a very symbol of unyielding stjength. t'fi a fissure of its rugged, sides the wheeling swallow has built his nest from time immemorial; the soft, downy fea thers whereon the last young brood were hatched show through a diminutive orifice in the firmly plastered clay. Near by is thedabode of a hornet, its interior 'divided., into 'ymmetrical cells; each wobnderfully -proportioned to. the size of the. while The face of the rock is encrusted wih lichens, gray and deli cate green, in places deepening to a. rich orange tint. Here is an eternal silence broken only lfy the plaintive cry ing of birds and the soft sough of-the wind in the trees. The steep water courses are dry now, but through the hollow-landi ivinds a creek, shrunken in this arid month of December to the very es, trickle, except for an occasional pool as still and placid as the sylvan bath of some shy wood-nymph of old-world my thology, The wild duck haunts the whispering reeds, and the rainbow-pln ,maged halcyon flits from branch to branch of tbo shadowing ti-trees in his flight he seems to change from hue to hue as the sun strikes separate flashes of fire from his swift beatingwings. The white-fronted heron flas sluggishly high ov6rhead, following the twists and turhs of the creek with a punctilious fidelity, but more often he perches in the leafy boughs of a lofty tree, motionless save for a slow, methodical movement of neck and head, silent save .for the- .urious note, half cry, half cough, which warns the fowler intent on duck of his sentinel like presence. ,The slie-oaks gromv Ftick-" ly a stone's-throw from the stream, aend, cunningly concealed amidst'the innumer able branches of a jam-tree, is the nest of a small brown bird with silvery breast; in shape this nest is not dis similar (to an inverted flagon, the en trance being situated- at the tapering enid, the domicile itself in the bulbous portion, so to speak; the entire struc ture is securely fixed in the fork of two slender, willowy shoots. The shelving banks of each pool are pitted with the. tracks of sheep and deeply indented by the hoofs of the horses'and cattle that oome down morn ing and evening, from the" uplands to slake a thirst engendered by the scorching rays of the summer sun. Here, when the mighty contagration, the fu neral pyre of the dead day has burnt to smoulderinn ashes which lie scattered Sin crimson embers above the crests of the darkening hills is heard the curlew's weird whistle risin and falliig in * mournful cadence, life the wailing of a ,atyr's pipe aforetinfe heard in the haunted clades of Arcady: the melan choly hoot of some night bird questing for prey by the dim liJght of the wan ing moon; and the doleful howl of the dingo as it slinks stealthily through the tangled bush, casting a gaunt sha dow on the white boles of the sleeping trees. Just across the field iwhere the strip per has nearly completed its task, on a gentle aclivity, lies a narrow strip of. orchard; the soft green of its foliage shows up distinctly against the dusky belt of wattles that crown the islope. Th4 lusci us apricots hang pendulous, like gold;n balls slashed with carmine. from branches which yield pliantly to the weight of their prolific progeny. Here the smaller birds congregate in glutton ous numbers hurrying from tree to tree, I bewildered, to all appearance by sheer embarrassment of riches. Neither do their nefarious errands go uniewarded a sharp, crack, solinding at this' dis tance like the sudden snapping of a dead twig beneath the feet, a thin curl of grey smoke, a shrill outburst of passionate reihonstrance, then silence for a\while and a little cloud of nulsating wings that gradually vanishes 'behind the feathery tree-tops cut so finely against the pale turquoise-blue of the sky. It might well be the sunset gun, for. even as the elfish echoes die away. the broad, dazzling disc of dhy dips in ta the hills, and. the rattle of the busy strinper ceases abruptly: the last acre is cleared, the last head of wheat has fallen, and there, by the wire fencing. the last bag is brimming over with yellow grain. The short twili?rt fades swiftly, and the serried army of stars wheel out into their appointed places. A young moon, slim as a silver filing. slips down-behind the trees, following the footsteps of her masterful lord the sun. Along the nar row track leading to the farm buildings the heavily-laden warmrons come creep ing slowly home. The harvest is rather ed in, and the forlorn fields hide their nakedness beneath the kindly mantle of night. From the windows of the home stead, a plain plastered structure, cheer full rays defiantly scatter the nearer shadows and by their presence render the outer circle of darkness the more forbidding. All along the verandah, secured to the posts, are bie branches of gum, their pristine freshness gone, alas, for a few short hours of this glar ing, airless days have been amply suffi cicnt to shrivel the leaves to wan and diroping things. Within doors the uncompromisinic material has left scant room for the merely aesthetic. 'Phero is a large bunch of yellow ever-; lustings in the empty fireplace. Two smaller bouquets of a pink variety flank the overmantel; the centre-piece is coin posed of a liver-and-white china dog boasting a bushy tail-class unrecngnis- I able. Family portraits, enlargements, stare fixedly from the smoke-grimed walls: they have in a full measure that rigiditv of pose and feature we usually a.;:: :late with the work of the taxider mist. Two or three florid examples of the. lithographer's art, their subjects culled from scriptural sources, obt,-ude themselves ag.ressively on the eye ot the casual beholder. But the "chef -d'ocuvre" of this apartment is the table. Here the material - has obtained its greatest triumph To single decorative attempt is a superannuated vase filled with orange-hued sprays of the Christ mas-tree, a splash of vivid colour, only valled by the red inteieor of a mighty side of cold beef which is malking a second appearance in public. A huge dish of mutton chopsasizzle seductively, fresh from the kitchen fire. An indefin ite' joint of corned pork even at its eleventh hour maintains something of the egotistical personality of the animal of which it once formed a component part. These are thn "pieces de resist ance"-items, a pyramid of boiled eggs, a loaf of bread of titanic dimensions, a dish of home-made butter, alack, ra pidly dissolving from solidity .to a quasi liquid state, and last, but not least, a gigantic enamelled teapot emitting a grateful fragrance which steals through the wide-flitng doors and windows, and assimilates subtilely with the gentle breeze that has just crept from the for est-clad hills down into tho peaceful val ley where the quiet homestead stands. Over all the laden board hovers a stu pendous swarm of flies, of pronounced suicidal tendencies, it would seem; their steady buzzing sounds like the wind sighing through a mesh of telegraph wires. At first it is a silent enough party that sits down to the rude, barbaric plenty of the evening repast. Conversa tion languishes before the brisk play qf knives and forks-especially knives. There is no hint of class distinction: Jack is as good as his master--some times better. '-The eldest son of the house is newly married; he and his wife have come over from their home twelve miles distant to spend Christmas in the family circle. With them came a de ceased- turkey of gargaantan propor tions; this is destined to grace the festal board on the marrow. As the play of knives and forks begins to slack en, so tongues find time to wag more freely, chiefly exercising themselves in witticisms of a distinctly personal na ture. "Five pound she cost me," says the eldest son, jerking his head in the direc tion of his round, red spouse. "No, if pun ten- ten bob I give fur the ring." He ngris a long, broad grin. 'i's the best barrrin you ever made, or ever likely to," retorts his help-m?te, definitely. "Dirt cheap, I call it," andc she dcharges an empty egg-shell with unerring aim. "Come, them ain't company mai ners," says mother; draiiing her saucer as one gulp. She aiid the girls have been doing their Christmas shopping to-day in the little townhip seven miles off. "I wonder what folk at home would say'to this for nice,, bright, "seasonable Christmas weather, tsame, as the picmur' cards," says father, speaking for .the first time, and looseneing two buttons of his capacious waistcoat. He always-speaks of it as ."home," al though the last of his race with a know ledge other.than geographicql of.the dis .tant island of splendid isolation was .a great-grandfather of. whom mythical le gndsn of fearful import are still spoken of on occasion with bated breath. "Too hot, I. reckon-103 in the shade," says a youth with' the features of an Antinous and dingy shirt-sleeves rolled well back on his bare brown arms. "Thfifty acre oughter tot out eight een basBel," resumes father, after a short diversion' caused by the overturin ing of baby's tea-cup. "There, there, don't cry, tuppenny, there ain't no 'arm done 'oept scaldin' yer pore old dad's leg. Eighteen bushel, I say. Look out; Tom. fur the top-feed!" This, as the vase of Christmas-bloom, in collision with a dish of oranges, cants at an alarming angle. "Gen'ral average, fifteen bushel-not too bad,1' says shirt- sleeves. "M'ssis, .there' a hole in iiy cup. Pass along, Poll. Not too bad, by no means, con siderin'." "Well, we've a lot to be thankful fur," says father, relinquishing his knife aid fork withn a substantial sigh. "If only the old mare hadn't got herself twisted up in that barb fencin'." He dwells on this saving clause with a shake of his grizzled head. "Molly, upend yerself an' help mother clear away the decks. Say yer grace first like a good gurl," he concludes. "Oh Lord, mutton gain-good. ole three 'undred an' sixty- five !' promts Herbert, with 'an.unimo'~ chickle. ' The remnants of the 'meal disappear somewhere into the back premises, the table is pushed aside, and a blue haze of tobacco smokl fills the room, to the discomfiture of flies and ihosquitoes; these last are 'oracious and dauntless, time after time they return to. the charge, heroically braving the fumes of what a certain mogerch of -the Stuart line. described as a stinking weed. Pre sently a few of the nearer neighbours drop ,in; 'the elders discuss crops and sugar-beer: the juniors indulge in vari ous .tnusements of a primitive and bois terous character, the favourite pastime being spoken of as a cushion dance. To the, uninitiated it seems to bear some ditgtant resemblance to the fine old aEng linh sport of kiss in the ring: indeedd, certain osculatory motions appear to constitute its chiefest charm in the eyes of the participators. An accordion, wielded by a perspiring but natheless /energetic youth, Is a marked success. True, the performer's knowledge of mu sic is limidth to one rollicking and popu lar air, but this lack of infinite varety occasions no adverse comment, and the aforesaid popular 'air goes on without let or hindrance. But even youthful en durance has its limits on nights when the thermometer is well up in the igutieas. "Give over. Ton?d Leggo!" pants a buxom damsel, sinking in feigndd ex haustion into a seat already occupied. "You've taken enough an' that s as good as a feast, as ma says. What say to a game o' hunt the slipper?" "If it was your slipper we shouldn't never be able to find it-it's so small," says Tom. gallantly ogling her full-sized foot. The flushed damsel giggles ecsta tically, and presently the pair vanish outside, swallowed un in the pleasing obscurity of the wide verandah. And so, with frequent intervals for refreshment, the hours wear away to midnight; the last good-bye is said, the lights go out, and an absolute silence descends on the dark valley in the imidst of the lonely hills. Christmas Da.v dawns, giving promise of great heat, from the first red rays which pierce the heart of the forest like ensanguined shafts, to the last crimson glow slowly dying from the palpitating bosom of the sky. It is a high holiday, but there are the hundred and one little odd jobs which have to be done about a farm, no matter what the day of the week or year. The stock need tending; for the vast half-hour the pigs have been clamouring for their morning rations in the most heart rending, ear- splitting fashion. There are the horses to he fed and watered, and in the yard father is already prone on his stomhch doing some intricate tinkering to the "stripper." which was not working quite so well.as usual yes terday afternoon. Thus, the morning slips away. until the stroke of noon heralds the banquet to which the young er children have been looking forward so keenly for weeks and weeks, and whose splendours will be dealt upon with loving efforts of memory long af ter the retributive stage of castor-oil has been as entirely forgotten as if it had never come to pass. The turkey is a remarkable success; a nobler and a plumner bird ne'er roamed uncheck ed through bush and paddock, such is the unanimous verdict. The mince-pies are as light as snow-flakes, declares Polly, although she has not seen snow, and in all probability never will: but she is right; for is not mother famous in the district for her nastry? The pudding is as rich as Rockefeller. and every plate goes up twice (Herbert's three times !) despite the fact that out side on the veraiidah the thermometer registers 104 degrees in the shadel How the children laugh when dad burns his fingers in pouring a tablespoonful of lighted brandy ever the ereat, solid, treacly-looking ball. Somehow the in cident seems to impart an additional zest to the pudding course--dad except ed. "HIush. father!" says mother, gently "Don't say sech words afore the little 'uns-vou know how quickly they picks things up" Then father laughs too, and bholts big, steaming mouthfuls un til the tears run down his weather-beat en cheecks. " 'Ere's to us all; may we ha', knocked a corner off of the mint by this time nex' vear."-. says Tom, adoptin" the role of' toastmaster. The sentiment meets with complete appro bation, and dad chuckles his paternal approval. Desert over and the last glass of sugar-beer swallowed, the stupe fying and sudorific ~ffects of a perfect argie begin to asera themselves: Father s falls fast asleep 'where he sits,. with his I hands clasaned athwart his ample waist coast. lMother says it is time to wash up, but Ahe dozes off quite suddenly. The girls vanish mysteriously, and the youngsters are busy with the toys and gauzy stockings full of lollies mother brought home from the township yes terday. The boys make for the door, treading softly, so as not to' disturb the slumbetrers. A board creaks, how ever, and father becomes conscious for the space of about five seconds. "MW' you goin' ter camp?" he asks huskily. "The Springs. dad," says Tom. "Well, don't be late back Thursday." says father. "I shall want you chaff cuttin' !" - Then he starts snoring axain just where he left off. The gardenlies sweltering-in the unsparing rays of the afternoon sun; only the broad-leafed fig trees and the graceful, coral-beaded peppers cast a checker of light and shade on the parched, yellow grass. ThC'bees murmur drowsily as they blun der from bush to bush of tangled rose mary, or linger about the shrivelled petals of languid roses; their hives stand in a long row down the sheltered side of the little orchard. Adross the bare paddock, where the heat- haze shimmers and dances, the dappled cat tle cluster in the b'road shadow of a clump of moveless gums. The rickety buggy, drawn by two horses, takes the road with .three passengers. Tethered to the back of 'the conveyance another steed ambles equablv',ehbid in a cloud of red dust. Tom. Herbert, and Will canter ahead, and four gaunt kangaroo dogs testif' their entire approval of proceedings by gambolling along the track as if they were irresponsible pup nies instead of staid old warriors, the heroes of a hundred hunts. The Springs are situated fifteen miles dis tant from the homestead, and the way runs through a silent forest of mighty "trees, some straight; bold and slender as the columns of a Grecian temple, others knotted and gnarled into a thou sand fantastic shapes. Beneath them the ground is cloth?d with a dense scrub, knee- deep, in places swelling into impervious thickets breast-high and bristling with thorns. Nothing breaks the monotony of green bush, here and .there tagged with the purple flower of some heath-like scrub,' save the golden rays of the slanting sun as they filter through the fine tracery of leaves. It is like a vast, magnificent cathedral filled with the subdued presence of the arch- priest of day. The supreme sil ence is broken only by the steady tramp 'of horses' hoofs and the cheerful laugh ter and jests of the young men, who are too familiar with' the hush anid tolemn ity of these remote solitudes to feel any of the over-mastering awe..which strikes the neophyte dtunmb' by reason of the naj esty of a great loneliness. The sun: has departed trailing robes of. orange and crimson as the little party ,jorney across a sandy flat be tween thickly clustering banksias and flowering Christmas-trees, amid whose dusky foliage the heavy blooms glow like tongues of lucent fire. and so come at last. to the Springs. three pools of clear, cool water set deea in a bosky glade with ani almost impenetrable un dergrowth of pvery varying shade of green, and cafpeted with bracken and delicate ferns, their curled fronds give forth a pleasant fragrance which blends delightfully with the sweet scent of trampled grass, as verdant in hue here at midsummer as it is in thie winter season of rains. Overhead the inter lacing leaves practically shut out all view of the fast-fading sky. Countless parrots fly up from the springs And- dart rapidly from tree to tree- red, gold, and green, a kaleidoscopic effect of col ouring; the air is full of their shrill complaints. Presently, of one accord, it seems, they depart nestward. and, as if by magic, an unbroken silence falls once again on the darkening flat. The Southern Cross hangs low down,on the ridge of a long line of ironstone hills, and ere another hour has passed, thd slender mooh will have dived into a sea of sombre bush. The horses and dogs are soon watered and a fire kindled. The flames leap and -crackle. -the "billy" splutters and hisses; the red light throws the nearer trees into strong relief, and intensifies the blackness of the outlying shadow land., The weary cattle dip into their nose-bags with whole-hearted content; the party gathered round the cheerful blaze eat their supper, as if such a thifig as a Christmas dinner of heroic propor-. tions is to be looked upon. very much in the nature of a 'hors d'oeuvre." "Out o' the lucky-tub," says Will, .ladling sugar into his pannikin with a beft and battered spoon, this last the subject of his remark. The lucky-tub was an institution of old times when they lived near the township and daily put the one hotel under contribution for such unsavoury scraps as the porcine palate craves. Of ten mother-t-tirifty soul- rescued such unconsidered trifles as snoons, forks," cups. and the like. from the mysterious depths of the odoriferous hogshead (fit ting name)-articles of table furnish ment which had been consigned to an ignomsinious but happily bassing obli vion by the carelessness or malice pre pense of the hotel servants. Hence the lucky-tub became quite a useful asset in the" scheme of domestic economy. After supper, when. pipes are in full blast, Herbert volunteers an intermin nhln orin.~nmin cli.Ha with ,a nardcant chorus, melancholic even to the verge of tears. Every verse is followed with greatest gusto, every chorus is sung with intense appreciation A sympathetic dingo howls somewhere out in the darkness, and two mopokes answer one another from the trees abos o the springs. "Yarn" succeeds "yarn," each receives its due meed of laughter, until 'one by one the tired company drop off to slumber, and nought is heard save the monotonous refrain of the moping night-fowl and Tom's hereditary snoring. The following morning the sun is not yet up when the camp is awake and as tir. After a hasty breakfast the caval cade sets forth, the dogs as eager as any for the fray. The day dawns close and sultry and a thin grey veil of cloud has settled dgwn upon the sky, through it the rising sun peers with sullen, over cast face. On every hand startled mag. pvies flutter screaming away to disap near in the deuths of this enchanted forest land. Sialler birds of brilliant plumage perch inquisitively in the trees, their bright, heady eyes scanning these strange intruders on their soli tudes without a trace of fear. A brush kangaroo gets up from a clump of minm osa apd heads for the rocky ridges, gaining in impetus at each successive bound. "In Ranger! In Smoker!" comes Will's chiding voice, and the baf fled hounds shnk back and push swift 'v through the tangled bushes, their symmetrical limbs aquiver with excite ment. A httle colony of kangaroo-rats go tumbling over one another in their haste to es-ape from a meeting with such undesirable visitors; they look as -retty as suirrels as they dodge away into the thick scrub. A deep-toned bel low from Tom, and a whole mob of kan -arcos, ten or a dozen in all, scatter, flying madly in every direction. Ran ger and Smoker are after one, a huge, ungainly "bocmer." Boxer and Trusty are hard on the traces of another nearly as big. Behind them horses and rid ers come thundering and crashing through the undergrowth, bucketing over great trunks of fallen trees, avoid ing a score of pit.falls with marvellous dexterity. Tom's steed 'uts his foot in a hole and turns a complete somer sault, the young saplings snap beneath him as he makes frantic efforts to re gain his feet; now they are both up again, neither the worse off, save for the deep, jagged gash across the lad's hand. Meanwhile, Boxer and Trusty have pulled their quarry down, and all three go rolling over and over together, a heterogeneous jumble of parti- colour ed hair. the fawn tint of the kangaroo and his snrawling legs and cumberous tail predominating. Next instant Box er has him by the throat, while Trusty's kleen fangs meet in his belly, and so the end comes. Not far cif the "old man" has backed against a tree, and with one prodigious kick sends Ranger head over heels into a mimosa bush with his shoulder ripped open, a wound the sear of which he will carry to the day of his last hunt. Smoker launches himself straight as an arrow and gets a grip death itself conld not loosen. The kan garoo locks him in no loving embrace and strikes upward with his powerful claws as they pitch to earth writhing and tearing in the grim silence of mor tal strifb. A blow from tho butt-end of Herbert's whip puts a speedy.conclusion 'to the affair, and then Tomn and Ran ger, both J'hors de combat," return to c~amp, leaving the. rest to move slowly off intent on picking up the tracks of pther members of the vanished mob. Sure enough, as the horsemen top the rise '~f 'a densely timbered hill. a "boomer" breaks cover in th valley be low, and inakes at full speed for the friendly shelter of a big blackboy swamnp away on the flat a mile distant. However, before he can reach this verit able haven of refs:ge the three dogs have run into him, and, almost simul- tancously," Will's cheery view-halloo rallies the hounds to his side, ,and once mere the chase sweeps over rocky slopes and down woody dales back in the di reotion of the springs. ,When the par ty finally ride into camp, it is with four full-sized kangaroos lying limply across the saddles of their steeds. Tom. who 1 has been busy doctoring his own and Ranger's wounds, has the "billy" ready boiling,. and. nothing loth, the little company settle themsel¼ves to dine. mi. mediately after the meal a start is made for home. The heavy clouds of the forenoon have swept south; ever .and anon a low mutter of- thunder wakes a sullen echo that dwells some where among the desolate hills. There is .not a breath of air to stir the lan ruid boughs of the trees, and the deep silence is almost oppressivo in its in tensity. High above the motionless tree-tops a huge eagle-hawk hangs hov ering on poised wings. Presently the begins to rise, wheehling in ever-widen ing circles; then one long swoop, and he dwindles to a mere -diminutive speck against the steely sky: Further on, half a dozen brumbies, their unkempt tails touching the gr.bund, shake back -shaggy forelocks and stampede through the bush ait sight of their hereditary .foes. "Wait until next March I" calls out Will, waving his whip at the retreating funitives as-they vanish from!view with a final defiant flourish, of their heels. Herbert laughs. "Ride hard, Bill. Put salt on their tails," he says. and insultingly prof fers a tin of that useful table commo- Par to westward a fire is moving slowly athwart the crest of a conical. hill; t growls over its task like a sav age beast intent, on''arey. The dun smoke shot with tlickering streaks-of• flames rises, in a dense column and hangs in the still air,'a hideous canopy. The downward crash of trees showing fountains of golden 'sparks sound like the booming o? big guns. "It's workin' Huxtable's way," says Tom of the" bandaged hand, patting Ranger's head as he lies curled. up at his mahter's feet in the bottom of the biggy. "Come on, you chaps, we'd best be gettin' along quick an' livbly.' The tired horses are urged unsparing ly onward, but, despite their best -ef forts, the sun has already set in a bank of lurid cloud befwre the little homestead appears standing out dis tinctly against a belt of lofty gums, their branches flushed by the angry light of the; last red ray. A thin' Ine of purple smoke drifts sluggishly 'across the sky, and the reflection of the dis tant bush- fire blends 'subtlely with the tawny glare low on the western hori. son. "Look lively, 'Erb., or ydu'll be late fur chaiffcuttin'. Can't- you see the ole man beckonin'?" remarks Will encouragingly. "Ah, well. sech is life," says Herbert, philosophically, and there is a general laigh. 'The dusk draws in aphce.,:_The cow bells tinkle musically as the cattle trail, home to the niilking shed. The crows waver by on their flight to 'forest fast nesses. The sheep move , placidly through the im fields where the yellow stubble glistens like well'burnislied brass; and d6wn inthe eastgleams one bright burning star, such a-'one per haps as. nineteen huidred and :more years ago guided those gift-laden men of old to the straw-strewn stable in the little 'village of Bethlehem. 