PASTORALIST. OPENING UP THE CHINCHILLA LANDS. (See illustrations.) A railway survey is being run from Dalby to a point somewhere south of Condamine township, and not far from the south bank of the Undulla Creek, Railway Surveyor Whish being in charge of the party. Concur- rently with this movement the Tara lands are being designed by Surveyor Bur bank in portions of 1280 acres for group settlement, as well as the principal roads which will trend from Chinchilla to Tara. The proposed railway will open up some splendid belar scrub land to the north of the Moonie River, and the country from Wambo station southerly to Undulla Creek. Illustrations in this issue show some typical views in the neigh- bourhood. Wambo station, sixteen miles from Chinchilla, is the nearest station in occupation. The lessee is Mr. J. Lynch. An interesting view is that showing the burning of the old Weambilla homestead, as the result of a recent bushfire. Weam- billa was originally owned by the late Sir Hugh Nelson, and was last in the occupation of Mr. Mackie, who is seen in one of the pictures fully equipped with "nap" (blanket) and saddle, ready for a week's camping out. Mr. Mackie is act- ing as guide to the survey party, as he knows the country well. The party's "flying camp" on the bank of the Six-mile Lagoon is shown in another photograph. The railway survey camp is also depicted at the Four-mile Hole, Undulla Creek. This lagoon, which covers some three and a half acres, will probably be the main source of water supply for any township that may arise on the newly-settled Tara lands. A proportion of the country about the Condamine is infested with prickly pear, and partially covered with brigalow scrub. This country is being taken up, it is understood, free of rent, and with a bonus of about 4s. per acre for improve- ment in the shape of clearing, etc. At Wambo Crossing of the Condamine, five miles from Chinchilla, the Government is erecting a bridge to assist settlers in get- ting to the railway. At present, the crossing is negotiated by foot travellers in a basket traversing the stream on a wire rope, as shown in the photograph reproduced. An interesting picture—which, however, has no special bearing on land settlement—is that of three young opos- sums. Those were caught in September, showing that the close season, which com- mences in October, is not early enough this year to save the youthful opossum from the snare of the trapper. 