BUSH FIRE& Once again we have arrived at thnt sea son of the yenr when our news col umns aro invaded by reports of des tructive fires. This is a trouble which appeura rather to innrenso' than do- crease as tne years go on, tor the rea son that the greater nrens under crop provide more fuel. The" more thickly settled nnd coltivuted the district, tho larger tho opportunity for loss by means of fires. It plaiulv follows that with increased settlement and better Beasons, the State, having more nt stnko, should bestir itself to protect the yield of its fertile lands. For many seasons 'the matter hns been left to chance — an exceedingly bad master to entrust with oue's posseBBious sad live lihood. By that seotinn of the "Local Gov ernment Act, 1906" which sets out the primary lunations of councils it is pro vided that "the Council of a Shire, on its. constitution under the Act, may within its area exercise the following powors nnd shall perform the following duties, (nmong others) : — "tho making of provisions (a) for Iho prevention or mitign- tion of bush fires (including the organisation of bush- fire bri gades) and (b) for the prevention or, mitign- tion of menace to tho snfety of life or property from floods (iu: \- eluding tho provision of flood boats aud tho organisation of flood brigades.)" In tho wise application of that sec tion by the shire counuils of districts liable to firo visitations lies the future safety of crops, feuces, flocks and home steads. Much may be done to-day which wns impossible a generation ago. If increase in settlement drakes losses by fires greater, it at the same time provides a larger available array of fire-fighters. It only needs unity of notion and the superintendence of a person skilled iu forming bush-fire brigades to gather together a corps to put preventive meusurcs in practice. It now becomes the duty of the shire connoils to take in hand tho first step — the stage which so far IraB proved tho deterreDt to useful nctiou in this direction. It will ho noticed thnt the duty of tho councils in this respect is twofold — to make provision for the prevention of fires, and ulso to form brigades. More is necessary than to hnve to cull a number of active men to cope with fires when once started. Tho more important task is to provide measures which will not allow fires to grow to a Bize needing a combination of forces for their extinction. It is n ease. of. the old adngo thnt " prevention is better than cure." For this pnr- poso we rec< mm-rad to our Sbiro Connoil tho perusal of the doings of the various individual States of North America. In thut country fires had become such a terrible evil thnt the different visitations acquired a special name with the dignity of the definite article " the" — as " The firo of 1876," "Tho Illinois. Firo," nnd so on. In America, energy and foresight aro more relied oq than chance. More effurtB and experiments were rande, but in most States the performance was given to tho institution of " fire breaks." Iu other word 8, the lay of the Innd and the probablo sweep of the fires wns carefully investigated, nnd strips of country were thoroughly cleared, bo thnt tho spread of every fire might bo checked by meeting a belt which wns bare of inflanimablo material. For this purpose, natural barriers such ns streams or barren areas were utilised as far as possible to aid the liue of fortification. Ouco cleared, tho bare strip imiBt be kept clear of dry grass or yontig vegetntiou, nnd regular rang ers nre appointed to burn off or other wise remove any dangerous material. This will uot, of conrse, prevent Bmall arena being swept by fires, bnt tho fact of a barrier existing in some directions enables tho brigndu to concentrate its efforts on fewer points, nud thus pre vent tlio.no terrible miles of flames which set tin man resistance atdefinnce. Wo believe that if this section of tho Local Government Aet is wisely brought iuto operation wo will bnvo ah organisation for prevention of Inrge bush fires equal to any in America. When this is done Australia will have loBt one of those nralignnnt terrors which constitute tho main drawback to rnrul occupations — thnt is, the nn certainty of reaping the profits of tho year's labour. Mr. G. E. Wright Iras been appointed engineer for tho Coonnbiirnbrnn nnd Cooluli Shires at a sulary of £450 per minum. The Bolwnrrn Shire Council hns de cided to usk permission from tho Min ister to employ n competent man, not nn engineer, to superviso tho roads nt a less salary than providod for by the Act. Whnt is snid to bo Iho largest rabbit- froezing concerti in the Commonwealth has commenced operations it Blayney. £8000 has been spent on the buildings, nnd. although much rcinnins to he done 20C0 pairs of rabbits can bo'doalt with daily. Tho full capacity of tbo works is to he 10,000 pairs daily. Rumor is nctivc with tho probable intentions of Mr. G. H. Ruid, loader of tho Federal Opposition. The latest announcement is thnt he hns fully de cided upon retiring from tho leader ship. It is understood thnt this will hnppsu shortly after tho re-nssenibling of the Federal Parliament. Sovotnl nnmes nre mentioned from which tho new lender will ho selected, ami by commou consent clioieo Iiiib fallen ire- ou Mr. Irvine. Mr" Cook, it is slated, is not in demand by nnd section of tho party, and is especially objectionable to its Victorian Protection members. 