BUSH FIRES. OUTBREAK AT CONDAH. NARROW ESCAPE OF HOMESTEADS- (From CHir Own Correspondent.) CONDAH, Monday. A couple of days' hot gather culmin ated in an extensive bth-fire ye6tej;>- About half-pa®t ten .o'clock, Mr. Geo. 1 Carter received word that a fire wee burning U bi« forest paddock, auou I four miles out In the direction of Bot- I spur, and he hastily summoned a few neighbours to his assistance. On arrival lliey found that ibe flames had secured a good hold, and the party had con siderable difficulty in rescuing the sheep out of the paddock. The wind was bJow- thg from north-west to west, and the flames were carried rapidly iu the direc tion ol Mr. Hugh Cameron a, at t-al- Plocfc. Here from tweoty to thirty inen asst'LCihled, but the lire came through the tbicklv tinilicrcd c«untr>- with euch force that the gran test difficulty was ex perienced in saving l he house. At one time it appeared as if human effort could not withstand the fiend, which had crept within a few yards of the build ings beforo ft was subdued. The fighters next directed their eflortB lo saving Mr. Joseph Dickinson's bouse, and here again, fortunately, they proved success ful. Hut the flames, which by this time had gathered force, had spread consider ably. and Mr. II. H. RundeH's residence and Mr. S. V. Carter'® were tbe scene of heroic effort. In both cuses it seemed inevitable that the houses must be burned down. The fire, however, was wnrded off from both, and it crowed tho road ami threatened Mr. IV. R. Car ter's and Mr. John Snunder's, which timely and vigorous assignee alone Hived. Meanwhile, oue branch of ibe fire was working southward, and threat ened Mr. K. RniclifTo's, but passed 011 through Mr. 1 rungninr's property to Mr. \X. C. Tn-loar'f boundary, where the shades of evening dumped its ardour. The north wing burned fiercely through Mr. Geo. Carter's paddock right on to the ruilwnv crossing near the statiuu, where thr road and railway stopped it. Ltu.ck however, near I'urUuud Creek, (he lire crossed th« toad into the Crawford KtdriuL'kn, and there it remained burning su-adilv alter uigirtiail through the diy gmsa. "in the tout fie of the hre a very considerable amount of fencing was des troyed. the losses iu this connection uf and fencing and wriiile being serious. Mr. 11. L'amernii hud ulso neurty a liun- dred filieep scorched, uud Mr. Rundcll had a milking <ow bodlv burned. So fur tli.fio me 1 lie only lapses iu live slock mentioned, but it is probable that o Hiii's, including Mr. Jacob Looker, suf fered siuiiiul-h iu regard to sheep. As the lire travelled eastward tlie suioke attracted the ullention of j>i Ojile for miUs mound, and during the aflertioou a large number of persona wore present to render assistance. Mr. J. Unpilluit, the manager of < umiah Hill estate, had did good service in extinguishing dan gerous slumps and trees, and it was in great measure due to (lie use of this \fthiablo menus of combatting fire that the four uf the townspeople were M»mu- what nllnyi-d. though the danger of a further outbreak lo-duy depend solely on the strength of the wind. With a 'rmnrUlv 'isUmafd at Jive miles by two miles wide fen rs lire rightly entertained, north wind.1 and the southern portion of the fire will thnnlrn Mynmyn, while that on Crawford will probably be drlvcu over tbe rirhly-grnvsed country inter vening lie l worn the Crawford river mid the CnDdnh to Colcrnine road, unless the work of a number of men who have becu out nil night should prevail. 