' Fenwick's Folly. -4 L'y LA WHENCE li. JUPP. (This Story won the First Prize ol £6 in the Christmas Number Competition). MY first glimpse of Fenwick's Folly was not calculated to impress a stranger willi any settled coi.victicu of its desirability as a place of perman- ent sojourn. Tile weather w as. as Ußual, an important factor in the formation of primary impressions. It happened to be winter time, and the flood gates of the beavens wore opened. I was cold and Imugry ; all my limbs seamed afflic- ted with that unpleasant complaint we speak of so casually as "pins and needles," and small wonder, for had I not been seated cramped up in a clos<* railway compartment tor the last six hours," with live stolid agriculturalists and two drunken and bellicose tin-min- ers for company? In the beginning there was a stout woman with a big baby, but they-the pow ors be praised ! -were snatched from us by some un- seen masculine force and swallowed up in the darkness at a remote siding dis- tinguished by an unpronounceable name of native manufacture. I bad become proprietor ol the sub- stantial house and eight hundred acres or so of rich chocolate soil (vide agent's advertisement), windi comprised Fen- wick's Folly, in a singularly unbusiness- like and haphazard fashion. New to the Stat«, aid laid hy the heels in a private nursiug-hoine, what time my frame was ravaged by tho bacilli of ty- phus, 1 had perforce left all things ap- pertaining to a problematic future in the competent hands ol an enthusiastic friend, whose knowledge <;f the country and its resources was illimitable, ac- cording to his own account : to him 1 had given full authority to act on m> behalf as if the transaction were hi-, own private and personal concern. Therefore it caine «bout that I rose from a sick-brd to bc confronted by the gratifying intelligence that I was tho sole and-as 1 afterwards ascertained unenvied possessor of the property in question. Doubtless my satisfaction had been complete but for the sudden and surpris'iie elusiveness of my trusted and enthusiastic frie d, who disappeared, to- gether with a considerable sum over anil above the amount with which I had en- trusted him, in order that he might conclude the purchase of my small es- tate. 1 'lid not prosecute inquiries, having no particular desire to prosecute the defaulter himself ; instead, I took honest Dogberry's c uiisel to heart and tha ko 1 God I was rid of a knave. For- tunately for me, ho proved but a half- hearted rogue; the title-deeds and oth- er legal dofume'its were in duo order, according to a sad-faced luminary of the law who made my life (hut recently snatched from the jaws of Death) a burden to me for five entire days and nights. I write nights advisedly, as his melancholic visage persistently haunted my troubled dreams. Fi'ially I settled his "little bill'' as a preliminary to be- ing rid of him : the device succeeded, and. weakened by illness, and poured by the treacherous conduct of a fancied friend. I proceeded to take train for Fenwick's Siding, to arrive, as 1 have already stated, in a torrential down- pour of rain. Tomsr Geogliegan, the Hibernian handyman I had engaged for general utility purposes, and mv collie dog. Fangs, met nie on the narrow scrip of boardinj;, which, with tho addition of a shed- like building of Lilliputian proportions, composed an accommoda- tion considered sufficient for tho needs of the few long-suffering souls who made occasional use of the station. I was the only passeneer tn disem- bark; I must confess I watched the tail- lights of the train disappear round a bend of the metals with a sinking ot spirit I attributed solely to my sense ol bodily discomfort. "Tile Lord save us!" quoth Tomsy, piously, as he twisted the portmanteau out of my hand with the practised dex- terity of a highwayman. "The Lord save us ! but this is the back-end o' the world entirely. I'm that dhrinched that there's no savin' if I'll iver have a dhrv skin to cover me bo':es agin. Well. God's will be done. There's Jones's cart waitin'-good luck to th' crayturo an' as for his wife, she's jest a jew'l." "How far is it?" I asked as, after de- livering np my ticket to a misanthropic looking youth with the visual apper taiuances of a pronounced pessimist, 1 splashed into a running stream cf water boasting the courtesy title of road. Tonisy allowed my question to pass unheeded ; he was busy stowing away my scanty belongings under tho seat cf a delapidated vehicle of the waggon- ette variety. A deplorable anima] in the shafts-one of which was badly broken and equally badly mended with rape turned a patient liéad in my di- rection ; despite the Stygian darkness. I could almost read the mute message «i rsproach his lack-lustre eye conveyed to me the unwitting author of hi* woe. A hoarse voice, proceeding apparently from the interior of a large, damp P"lld,f of wrappers, bade me a gruff Go"d evenm'." Tho remark savoure! more of conventionality than applicabil- ity. I thought, but I returned tho greet inç with all the fervour I was capable of call ne forthat a short notice. I Co"ld distinguish nought of the features of Mr. Jones-for it was nune other-but before we reached the Folly he had left a vague impression upon my mind that he was big and hirsute, with a habit oi brea hing noisily and nasally, like a whale newly risen to the Miriace ; in- deed,. I consider the simile not inapt, taking into count our watery surround- ings- as for myse:f. 1 \\\¡¡s indubitably th«' Jonah ot the party. Alter about four of the lo igest mile» it wa*, ever my evil lot to negotiate at an equable and hone-jarring jog-trot, we swung precariously up a side track which led direct tr. the hemstead. "Tiiis 'ere's the Folly." announced thc husky voice ol Mr. Jones: "an' a gond miine fur it." 1 tailed at the precise moment to grasp the significance of the remark, but it was borne in upon nie ere 1 had been five minutes withindoors. Here, lost in the back-b!oeks, was a veritable mansion, undeniably run to seed, I ad- mit, and incomplete in all its details : but still, the sort of residence one would expect to find in a fashionable city sub- urb, the glory of the declining years of some successful merchant or bloated company promoter. To say I was stag- gered is too mild a term : speechlessly on my part, volubly ae regards my val- ued henchman, and guided by the phleg- matic Jones, we passed from room to lofty room, the dimensions of eacli look- ing all the vaster by the dim light of a hurricane lantern, I could have laugh- ed aloud when I came upon my modest camp bedstead and few toilet accessor- ies-an oasis of furniture in a wide, de- solate desert of Scoring. The wind rat- tled at the tall windows, and the rain drummed upon them with the sound of ghostly, tappin^ fingers : one of the panes was broken, and a lîcen draught of air searched the apartment from end to end. "Begor," commented Tomsy ; ''it'6 a fine lump of a house, I'll not bc after denyin'. It reminds me entirely o' the 'malicious' barracks at Fermoy. Faith, boss, you'll jist have to git married and fill it up with piccaninnies !" He laugh- ed hoarsely, and expectorated in the direction of the distant bedstead. I turned helplessly to the stolid Jones. "Who was this Fenwick?"' 1 asked. "A mndnian or a millionaire?" He shrugged his shoulders; the mois- ture dripp'ng from his coat had formed a little lake about his feet. "Lor' bless vor," he said, compas- sion at civ ; "millionaire-no! He's just Fenwick, that's all." A statement which did not tend to d:sp?l my new-born doubts concerning tje sanity of the gentleman in ques- tion. Mrs. Jones, "the kindest ot her »ex,'' like a not uer a¡id moro iamuiit, lady ol' uio 6ame name. haJ doiu- t-veiytuiny that was ueigiiuoiirly. A bright hre hurued in the kitchen, and there pre- sently the tour of ut sat down together to a very welcome repast. Tile «said Mr». Junes, a dame of good- ly proportions, with a maternal eye, was .solicitous on my behalf. "You want a hit moro flesh on y' bones,'" she declared, as 1 started my second helping. "Kill out an' you'll be a big body ot a mau. Well, you've come to the right place, anyway; it's a grand air." "You are ray nearest neighbours, ! suppjs; r" I said. "Yes; 'bout a mile off," replied Mrs. Jones, with a disparaging side-glance ¡it her spouse, who was busily pursuing: gravy round his i>late with a hunk ot bread. "Jim. wipe yer beard, d'ye hear me? It's all over a slop." Mr. Jones obeyed with a swift back- handed movement. ' I should like to hear more of the his- tor- of the Folly: I'm very ignorant. I'm afraid." Mrs. Jones evaded my query, and at the same time gave me a shrewd, sus- picious look. .'Have a dumplin?" she ^Z^^ said. "I made 'em my- ? self." " Best hand at a dump- lin' in West Australey," put in her husband, who was now feeling more at leisure for conversation. " She were reared in Norfolk Harleton. Know it?" "No," I responded; "I was never in Norfolk, as far as I can remember. But you haven't answered my question : who was Fen- wick, and what induced him to throw his money away building a monstrosity like this-'" Mrs. Jones heaved a sigh of resigna- tion. "Well," she said : "a wilful man must have his own way." "Until he gits a wife wot likes her way best," said the daring Mr. Jones, covering me with a knowing eye. His wife allowed the interruption to pass unheeded ''There's not much to tell," she said. "Five year or so ago this man Fenwick took up the land and built hisseif th's house. Within a year he went bung, an' then a chap named Alasters coin:j along an' took it over. Six monthts later he killed hisseif-Jim. here, found him down the well in tho fur paddock, didn't yer, Jim ?" Mr. Jones assented with a brief nod. a -d breathed hard. "Worst job I ever had." he said: "he were t^at fur goni-a dead bullock wasn't nothin' to him." He wriggled in his chair and spat "avec intention." "The next to try his luck." pursued Mrs. Jones, "was young Healy ; he on- ly had the place ten weeks. He shot hisseif in your bedroom." I started violently. "The Lcrd save us!" ejaculated Tomsy, crossing himself. '?Nobody's never made the prop'ty pay," said Mr. Joneü. "an' nobody's «ever goiii' to--eepr. you ,maybe,'' be added, by nay ol altert bought. "Ab, there's no luck about tile place, not a bit.'' commented Iiis bettor half. "Good laiid, too.'' ...\oiie to beat it," quoth Mr. Jones. ' But, ' said 1, horrified at the rela- tion of these cluuactical disasters ; "did this Fenwick kill himself also? And if so, fer -y's sake toll me in which room. I'll move my bi>d to-morrow-no. to-night." 1 halt rose from the table. ?'We didn't oughter have told you,'' said Mrs. Jones, with a reproachful glance at her lord and master: "'but you would have it. Never fear, you'll <li> ail right ; the look's bound to change seo : er or later. Fenwick's alive still, be lives in a bumpy back o' the gully yonder. He wore at both the funerals ?of the pore diseased, chucklin' to his self-fair disrupturaule 'is conduck W06 : everybody noticeJ it." "He must be an amiable pers.n,'' 1 remarked. "What's ho like to look atr" "Like wot the Scotch calls a harlock sorter man witch," explained Mr. Junes; "but there, you'll seo him soon enough. Well, missus, it's time we was movin'. Anythin' we can do fur voir. mato, we'll bo oii'v too pleasedT Don't be afraid o' askin', that's all." I .saw the kind-hearted couple depart into the rain and dark- ness, then, shuddering with ap prehension, 1 returned to the cheer- ful kitchen. Tonißy was seated by the fire, his head in hie liando. 'Holy Mother o' Heaven!" I heard him mutter to himself. "Sure, this is a job for the piaste. Begorraí I'd give a month's wages for a quarther a pint o' holy wather an' a Blessed candle" Next morning I woke to a rain-wash- ed world, over which stretched an un- broken canopy of blue sky. and, even as I gazed, above a range of low. wood- ed ridges the glorious sun swung clear of the earth. A thick white mist still lingered in the valley, marking the course of a winding creek, but at length it broke, and. gradually dispersing in heavy wreaths, flecked the heavens with flrecy masses of cloud. The first thing I did was to thorough- ly inspect the house itself-a big. ram- bling place perched on the sheltered slope of a hill, the land falling a uar be- low it, acre after acre of brown fallow over which the magpies were questing in open order: beyond lav a wide ex- panse of virgin bush hounded by a line of sharply terraced hills. Tile FVHy itself, seen by the unspar- ing lieht of dav. was nothing short of a colossal ruin. I explored room after room, lnfty. spacious excellently well ventilated for there was hardly a whole pane of slags to the establishment. The fireplace iii uiy own bedchamber was capacious enough to roast an ox ; more- over, it boasted a mantelpiece ot carved jarrah, quite exquisitely wrought in a design ol an arabesque nature, 1 should conceive. In a sort ol storeroom, Í came upou a heterogeneous collection ot empty bottles bearing well-known brands. 1 remember 1 tell to wonder- ing ii the late lamented -Mr. Healy had striven unsuccessfully to drown his sor- rows in the cup winch cheers, but also, alas '. inebriates. Finally I arrived at the unsatistactory conclusion that my E-ttuttion was analogous to that of the proverbial tom-tit on a round of beef. Haling despatched the depressed and unwontedly silent i'omsy to the siding, where a truck-load of farm implements was awaiting my 'Instructions, 1 tallied forth to see bow the land lay from au agricultural pjint of view. I found that my faith in the estate agent's words was amply justifica bv his works, for the cleared paddocks had been care- fully ploughed according to agreement. The soil looked rich and convincing. I returned bo the house in far better spirits tim» the onus of responsibility involved by possession of that veritable white elephant ol a tenement would have led mc to expect possible. The miry track leading to the outbuildings w;is lurid with Hibernian curses punc- tuated by the loud cracks of a carter's whip, which gave testimony to the fact that my handy-man was returning from the siding with his load. I caine atro-s the ojc'"a cl. and was aware of the presence of a man-a stranger to me. He was leaning on the lenee, chewing a straw with the calm eoinplac.*' cy of a bovine creature1 In his way he was as repulsive-looking an object as ever 1 set eyes on before or since. Short and mis-shapen, without being in Jiny degree deformed, his un- gainly limbs seemed all too large for his shrunken body, and yet, at the same time, they were obviously too small for his head. This last was huge, but, as far as I could see, utterly devoid of hair : Iiis face was as smooth as that of a new-born babe, and withal puck- ered up into a network of infinitesimal lines which imparted an expression o' cunning to his countonai «e hard tu equal. He was white and flabby, and his eyes sought mino with a furtive, sh if tv side-glance. His coat and trou- sers wou!d have disgraced a respectable scare-crow: boots lin wore none; in stead, his foot were enveloped in hes- sian wrappings, which made them by far tho most prominent feature of his corporal presence; indeed, he seemed to me all feet and head, vet, notwith- standing, there was something about him which sjroke of power-strange, un- canny, malevolent it might well be, but still a force to be reckoned with and not despised. I guessed at once that this could be none other than Fenwick, and a sort of pity for the poor, ruined wretk of a man took hold on me. Half the pity poured forth in this world runs sadl" to waste. 1 gave him good-morn ina: civilly enough ; ho remained silent a moment, then : "You're the new chum?" he said. "Well," I replied. "I don't know about new chum, but I've bought the Folly, if that's what you mean." He gave rae an ugly look out of bis restless eyes. "I'm Fenwick," he said. "There's more fools than mo in the world-you'll think so, too, this side o' Christmas." He jerked his head in the direction of the house, swung round on his heel, and set off up the gully at a groat pace considering his decrepit appearance. Turning his enigmatical and baleful prophecy over in my mind. I walked slowly back to the homestead. The next three or four months was a time of the severest graft for Tomsy and myself, with occasional and benevo- lent assistance from the neighbourly Joues ; but as thc winter wore away and the wheat showed clean and healthy above the stiff brown clods and every prospect of a fine crop, I recovered my health and spirits marvellously, and even began to feel some sort of attach- ment to the dreary great barrack of a house that dominated hil) and valley by reason of it's aggressive personality, if the term may be applied to the work of man's hands. The deep, dark well wherein the remains of the ill-fated Masters had been fisund, no longer pos sossed a morbid fascination for me. I ceased to imagine vain th.ngs concern- ing the exact spot where fell the limp body of Healy, tho pistol still smoking in his death grip. The dull stain on the boards that at first so exercised my mind, had been prosaically explained away by Mrs. Jones "lt's only kerosene, me ciear." she said, when I threw out sombie hints re- garding it." The agent paid me to keen a eye on the place, a id them white ants wos everywhere until I beat the creeturs with boilin' water ai d then kerosened the fkois. It's a grand stuff \--I take it myself fur a cold in the chest." Tonisy's initial efforts had been char- acterised by snell excellent goodwill, that -t came as a painful surprise to me w hen one evening just before harvesting he stated his intention of leaving the Folly î't daybreak next morning. I lis- tened aghast. 'I've no fuilt to be findin' with your- self." he concluded, apologetically. "I've allus discovered ye a gintlemau -which is more'n I kin say o' most bosses I've worked with : but on me sacred word an' honour I'm bet up en- tirely wi' the pince. I declare to ye, on me sinful sowl. I've not slept two winks the long while I've bin here. Thim pecple are about." '.What people? What nonsense ia this you are talking?" 1 demanded. tiitii as was our predecease)s, ' he explained, in a voice husky with honor or some kindred emotion. "Niver a night Í haven't dreamt o' Death au' Hell while I've hin tocsin' on me slape less pillei. Boss, I kin stand it no long- er- it's fair breakin' me up, heart an' sperrit. There's one prowls the house every night same as a cat. an', sure's ? Heaven, he stood outside me door last night, whimpetin' would I let him in." I admit 1 felt angry, chiefly because I had experienced something of the same uncanny nature myself since I had been at the Folly, but had never allowed my- self to confess to it. Nothing is more irritating than to have the copyright of one's own hall-acknowledged emotions infringed upon by another pei6on. I turned on Tomsy with a sudden erup- tion of temper. "Look here," I said, "either you'll stop and let me have no more of this foolery, or you'll clear at once-take your choice. I've no tittie for idiots ; only once you go don't come hack again, understand that clearly." I was sorry the moment I'd spoken we all know the feeling. Tomsy went white and fidgeted his hands and feet a moment. ?Nut likply," he said, then walked slowly into the passage. He paused there, and I limped he was conting back. I had a conciliatory remark on the tip of my tongue, but before 1 could give it utterance bo pass»d on to his own quar- ters: I had paid him his wages up to date the night previous. Feeling thoroughly wrathful, I flung out ar. to the verandah. Presently, by the failing light 1 saw him cross the home paddock, his bluey on Iiis back, and so he vanished from sight. 'The fool!" I muttered savagely. 1 was incensed with Tomsy, but I think still more incensed with myself for my want of tact. Here was I left single-handed at the very beginning of tho ha: vest. J had only cut a few acres for hay-i:«'arlv the entire crop was ripe for «tripping. I'll go up and see Jones, I said to myself. At the cor- ner of the orchard 1 nearly ran into the lurking figure ol a man. At first I thought it was the prodigal returning, and it was with a sudden bitterness of spirit that I recognised the distorted form of Fenwick. Absurdly enough, I suppose. I had come to connect most of the minor misfortunes of everyday life, and 1 had had ray fair share 6Ínee coming to the Folly, with the strange being whose name was a by-word throughout the neiahbourhocd for all that is fantastic and bizarre. Who. I liad asked myself a score of times, broke a gap in the fence of tn» te :-acre, thereby giving my two cows access to tho prison-paddock, a dead loss to me of fully thirty pounds? Again, who terrified my favourite roan mare when she was heavy with foal, to such an extent that the unfortunate animal, in (striving to leap the bound- ary fence, staked herself so badly that she had to be destroyed? Against my better reason I inly taxed Fenwick with both these misdeeds, and now to find him hanging round the house with no purpose at al] unless a malicious one prompted by the Father of Evil, was more than my limited philosophy could bear. For the second time that even- ing my temper got control of me. "See here." I 6aid ; "I don't know what mischief you're after, but if I catch you loa fins; about my place again, I'll shoot you !" He laughed a hard, sneering laugh. f "Mayn't I look at what was once my own? Mayn't a cat look at a king-a king, ho! ho!" said he, with a grotes- que leer. "As for shooting, you'll shoot yourself before you shoot me, and be glad to do it-mark my words, this side o' the next year as ever is." He made off at his usual jog-trot, and I heard him chuckling and muttering to himself as he wont. As I stepped across a verandah hung with hideous and gruesome joints of kangaroo-meat, the youthful Jones's greeted me of one accord with their cus- tomary demonstrative demands for cur- rent copper coin of the realm. ''The young Turks!' quoth the fond father; "they're fur ever after pen- nies. There, there, 'Erb, up-end yer self-more 'urry, less speed. Wot did the minister tell you hirst Sunday wos the roots of wickednesses. Tom-John ?" Tom-John, aged six, pondered a mo- ment. "Pennies,' lie said: then, thousfit fully : "but he tooked mine you give me fur t' e'lection, dad." Dad gurgled appreciatively. ''He's a gocd man-is the minister." put in 51 rs. Jones: "couldn't have a better, livery day he come over to see Jim tho time he fell off of the old mare and got a conclusion of the brain." "Con-cuss-on," corrected Mr. Jones, with slow emphasis, and ruefully rub- bing his occiput at the mere recollec- tion of the disaster. "Make use o' wot langwidge you like outside. Jim, hut not indoors an' afore the chil'ren, if you please," said his wife firmly (she was rather hard of hearing). "The minister he never preaches less than three-quarter's of an hour neither," she continued, turning to me. 'T can't git to hear him as of- ten as I'd like to. though-I'm subject to the ear-aches : besides, who's to look after the Sunday dinner?" "He's a reg'lav Boon ayres-son o' thunder," explained Mr. Jones, with a mental effort which embraced and confused the greater part of his scrip- tural and geographical knowledge. "1 fink ho's a hippie-bippleklit," an- nounced 'Melia-Gracc, two years her brother's senior. 'That ere child torks like a Sunday school book," said Mr. Jones, in au ad- miring stage-aside. His wife intervened with decision. .'Now, the next one I catches askiu" fur money," she said, ''goes to bed w ithout any supper. And if you don't mind your tongue, wot your book says is a unholy member. 'Melia-Grace, you'll make your pore mother give you sech a shakin' as you won't forgit in a hurry; an' so I tell you." At this dismal pronouncement the children subsided, and 1 was at liberty to pour forth my woes into the sympa- thetic ears of my kindly neighbours. "I thought your man wos shapin' fur trouble," remarked Mr. Jones, wagging his head sagaciously and helping me to a liberal libation from a square sturdy built bottle. ' Ryan, down' at' Hux table's there, has bin try i ii' to 'tice him away these weeks past-nasty, low trick, I calls it. Howsumdever, I'll lend yer a hand meself. I cut orl me stuff fur hay 'copt the twelve-acre. Maybe. 1 kin git yer Jack .Smith : him an' Young ain't bin hittin' it off too good lately. I'll be seein' him most likely in the mornin'." On my homeward way I passed the head of the gully, and below me I saw a pin- point of light and the indistinct shape of Fenwick's humpy backed against a big tree. I think 1 had never before experien- ced such a profound depression ol .spirits, such a presentiment of coming ill as utterly possessed me that still, breathless night, beautiful with a great Australian moon, whose rays bathed the quiet fields in a flood of clear, refulgent splendour. About eleven o'clock, just before 1 fell into a troubled sleep, the wind got up, and I heard it sough- ing through the trees and roaming blindly round the blank walls of the house. It might have boen a couple of hours later that I awoke with a horrible sense of suffocation to find the room full of a pungent, acrid smoke. From without came a fierce, sibilant roar, a sound once heard never to bo forgotten. A bush-fire! Half-choking, half-blind, 1 huddled into a few clothes, ard made for the open, only to realise that I was too late, and nothing short of a positive mirado could save from tata] destruc- tion the fruits of the untiring labnur.< ot' tho past few months. A great wave of fire belching dense clcuds of smoke, as a billow scatters spume to the wind, came rolling with re- sistless fury down the slopes of the near hills : the thick, dry scrub shrivelled up like tinder before its swift advance ; I felt its burning breath upon my brow. The sheoaks a-kindle cast waive ring ban- ners of flame skywaid. And mw the mighty conflagration moved in gigantic leaps and bounds : the fire-break I had ploughed w ith such care round the cul- tivated paddocks stayed not its devasta- ting career for a single moment. Oh, the agony of helplessly watching the complete overthrow of all one's hopes! Like quicksilver the eager, lucent wave poured into the fields of ripened w heat ; and. lo ! it seemed in the space of a sec- ond, it had swept onwards, leaving be- hind a blackened desolation, a waste place of the world. I was half-mad. I think, and mus: have had seme idea that my puny ef- forts wr.uld avail to check the victorious onslaught of the flames : the hair of my head was singed, the flesh of my lianas and face burnt and blistered. Jones and a little band of willing helpers were battling hard to save the fences and keep tile fire from encroaching any fur- ther in the direction ol the house anü orchard. The sto^-k, turned ¡oust, ran to and fro in the yard by the stable/s uttoiing shrill eries ai:d whinnies of terror; all but a hundred sheep bud- died together stup.fied with fear in a c-r: er ol the paddock below the gully. The horrible smell cf roasting flesh and scorched wool came borne to ino. and still comos back in my worst dieams. I was irretrievably ruined, of that theie was no question, for with culpable neg- ligence I had omitted to insure either crops or stock. Jones came over to nie ; he told me later that I was crying like a child. .'Go inside and rest yourself, lad," he said. 'The wind's shifted a point, and we've got the fire under now. There's nothin' you can do." I suffered him to lead mo within- doors, and mechanically I swallowed h.df a tumbler full of raw spirit as if it wore so much water. Hut rest 1 could no.: ; by this time the early dawn had come trailing robes of crimson and gold across the wide heavens. I wan- den e.1 aimlessly up tho gully: where Fenwick's humpy had stood lay a grey heap ol' smouldering ashes. 1 remember wondering what had become of the old man, but all speculation was soon lost in the complete realisation of my own misfortunes. The whole live-long day I roamed forlornly fruin hill to hill, heed- less of the danger 1 ran from the down- ward fall of trees burnt through, their tw isted limbs preyed upon by tho devour- ing flames. Thc hazy sun was dipping into the bush, and the bats had begun their flickering flight when I returned to the house by way of the reeking pad decks. Tiiere I found Mr. and Mrs. Jones, both keenly solicitous on my be- half. ' "Now jest set you down and take a snack o' summut," urged the latter. "I've grilled you a chop, and here's a nice strong cup o' tea only waitin' to be drunk." "Mix a mod'rate drop o' whisky with it an' you'll find it hearten you wur. nerfully," added her lord and master, who looked almost Ethiopian from tlx? combined effects of smoke and chr.rreo wood. I had partaken of rothing for neariy twenty-four hours. I was conscious of a feeling of utter exhaustion, but the very sight of food sickened me. ''See here," said the go~d woman, as she and her husband rose to depart; "you'd best coma along o' us for to- night. We'll give you a shake-down it'll be more comfortabler-like than bidin" here by yourself an' hroodin' ! There's nothin' so bad it can't be mend- ed." To this well-meant consolation I could onlv reply by a mournful 6Diile and shake of the head, and, at length, see- ing that all efforts at persuasion were use'ess, they left me. On the thres- hold, however, Jones paused and drew a letter from his pocket. "Tom Dalton wos over at the town- ship yesterday mcrnin'," he explained ; "this 'ere were ly in' at the post-office fur you." I thanked him and thrust it away in the breast of my coat without troubling to break the seal. I was 110 sooner bv myself than the black cloud which had all day long been hanging over my spirit descended like a grim pall. Nor was it the dark- ness of despair alone that I was called upon to combat. Smile at me if you choose, but I was cognisant of a power outside my own personality, as it were, and yet just as truly an inmate of my breast, that gripped my will in a death struggle, and strove strongly to subdue it to its own fell purpose 1» my then weakened state of mind and body, this hideous and mortal fray seemed only to point to one inevitable conch sion. 1 put my head down in my hands and the sweat poured from me like water. The strange part of the uh.,lo diabolical affair was that al- though, as I have said, wearied by fati- gue an.I overwhelming calamity, yet my « very faculty was keenly upon the alert and d.rectly antagonistic to the attacks of an opposing force-the subtile sug- gestions of an arch-enemy. At my feet crouched my dog, Fangs, every nair of his body a-bristle, his lips curled back in a wicked snarl. Presently his sav- age growling changed to a piteous whimpering, and he slunk away from me into a far corner of the dark, sha- dowy room ; I had never seen him in a like state before, and in the midst of my own overpowering anguish I called to bim. I remember-there are times when even the silent sympathy ol an animal may mean much to a man-but he bared his teeth at me as he might have done in the presence of an utter stranger, and backed slowly out into the passage. I flung a curse after him and slammed the door to violently. Then I opened a drawer and drew thane;1 a revolver ; it was charged in one chamber. ] suppose 1 was past reason- ing : my faculties seemed to be numbed, or, rather, completely crushed, worn out maybe by the intensity of the men- tal struggle they had been compelled to srstain. The very deliberation of my actions was the outward and visible sign of an inward and spiritual collapse. A fleeting thought of the ill-fated Healy, who did himself to death in this same room, flashed through my mind. "The shortest way and the best-God forgive me!" I cried aloud, and clapped the weapon to my temple. Even as I did so, there rose before mc the mocking face of Fenwick, and I heard again his sneering words, ''you'll shoot yourself before you shoot me, and be glad to do it." For a moment the illusion was perfect, and 1 could have sworn that the weazened, malevolent creature actually confronted me. Quick as thought, and urged by an irresistible impulse, I turned the revol- ver on thu phantom of my fancy and fired point-blank. Simultaneously with the report came the clatter of splinter- ed glass-the bullet had passed through aa old cracked pier-glass which hung be- tween the windows, and lodged in the wall behind it. At the same instant I heard Fangs' furious barking from the direction of the orchard. With a sud- den swift revulsion of feeling, an inborn di ead of myself, more potent than the realisation of ruin and the promptings of despair, I flung the revolver across the room, and stumbled headlong with haste out on to the verandah. The night was hot and airless: a great array of clouds was slowly mass- ing low down on the crests of the shape- less hills. Every now and again there came a flicker of jagged lightning and a mutter of far-away thunder. The solitude was terrible in its undisputed supremacy. Right opposite me loomed a huge tree that had escaped the general destruc- tion; in the uncertain light, and seen against the angry sky, it had something of the shape of an enormous and ob- scene bird flitting with wings outspread to their fullest extent. Below me in the orchard I could hear Fangs still raging furiously and without intermission. I called to him once more, but in vain, he took no heed. The sullen menace of a blooding tempest was abroad ; my own stcrmy conflict seemed swallowed up in awe as I watched the sombre bat- talions of the warring heavens. Sud denly a shiver shook the twisted limbs ot the spectr.il tree, «ind without a note 01 warning a mighty w.nd sprang over tile lull-tops and swept screaming down the valley, livery door in the' house Slammed and jarred with the shock ot it; every window rattled in its case- ment ; then all was still ai.d silent as b. lore, only tar away i could hear the murmur of the tossing forest trees, like the duli sound of suri breaking inshore. I had turned to go indoors again¡ when, as if hy magic, the whole sky was torn asunder-it could not be called a levi.i-flash so much as a disruption of th", entire heavens from east to west, from north to south. The surrounding landscape stood out with intolerable distinctness, every detail accentuated and rendered ghastly by that flood of lurid light, lt was as if the grating of sJine titanic furnace had been flung wide, thereby momentarily revealing a vast cavern of lire white-hot and ter- rible. 1 clapped my hands over my eyes and staggered blindly hack into the house Hard 0:1 the lightning came a crash of tbuilder, so stunning, «¿o pro- longed, that even alter it had died away, its clumsy echoes haunted the ghostly hills. Then such a storm as I never before experienced held earth and sky in dominion; and yet, in the midst ol this convulsive upheaval of the elements, 1 was only conscious of a perfect mental calm, a profound peace which encompassed and hedged nie in upon "lill sides, lt was like an exquis iie languor succeeding days and nights ol' intensest pain, or the reiaxuig ot every wearied muscle of the frame alter a severe buddy contest. 1 lay back in a chair with dosed eyes and listened dreamily to the loud drumming ol rain ou the roof and the roar of wind and thunder. When 1 awoke, feeling fresh and li.'.oyaut beyond d.-scriptum, the morn ini¿ Min w as stieainiiig imo my chamber, and a cool, fragiant breeze stoic gently through tile open window. Un the floor at my fee.'t lav tile empty revolver: I pi( ked it up, hlianie-iacedly 011011»¡1. and hid it away in a diawor beneath a piiu ol papers. As 1 drew on my coat, the letter Jones had given me upon the previous day fell ont of a pocket ; 1 broke the seal, and ran my eye's over the contents. It was not to assure me that an immoral but remorseful uncle had departed this life leaving mo the salo legatee of his immense wealth 1 never had an uncle whoso accumulated riches would have do o much more than pay his funeral expenses: but it was a legal letter informing me that a certain sum of money which had boen 111 dispute for some considerable time had been judicially assigned to me. "Well, this is a gal don lining to my clouds" 1 said aloud. "I'm just as glad now that I didn't blow out any brains I may happen to possess last night when t h" spirit m.ived ; or, rather, tempted me " As I spoke. 1 heard a footstep m the passage and went out to lind myself racB to face with Jones. He was strangely white beneath his tan, and his eyes had a scared look in them. "Thank God, you're orlright, mate." he said, fervently. "Well, why shouldn't I be all right ?" I replied, with natheless a sneaking sense of guilt. "You're dog was up our way aforo dawn," lie sa iel, evasively; "Ale an' the old woman thought p'raps as 'ow sum- mitt might ha' gorn amiss with you. Goi I when I como on it in the orchard I got soch a turn you could ha' knocked me down with a pair o' tongs!" "What do you mean?" I asked, tho- roughly bewildered. "Came on what in the orchard ?" "Ain't you seen it then P" he coun- ter-queried, and without waiting ior re- sponse, be took me by the sleeve and led me outside into the balmy, rain washed air. .'Yon's a ugly sigljt," he said. "Man but I thought at furet it wos jest y'6elr an' that you'd gorn the same road as Masters an' Healy." He pointed to the tree which, as I have already stated, rose directly in front of my chamber window. It had been stricken by a bolt during the storm of the preceding night-per- chance tho self-same flash that had so dazed and blinded me-and cleft clean down the centre ; one half had fallen to earth, but the other still stood er- ect, thouzh blackened and seared by the swift flame. All this I noted after- wards in detail: at the time a cry of horror froze upon my Ups and my gaze grew blurred and dim, for there, be- neath a gaunt limb whose leaves were scorched and shrivelled, lay stretched the stark form of old Fenwick, a small derringer by his side, the blood oozing slowly from his right temple, his eyes wide open and starting from their soc- kets, his lips twisted back in a baleful grin, as if in hideous mockery at this his crowning and irremediable folly. ***** I am still at Fenw ick's Folly-I have been there now for over three years. Tlie dark cloud of misfortune seems tv have quite dispersed ; last season my wheat yielded me an average of twenty bushels to the acre. But, alas' the ag- gressive, ambitious pile of bricku ""nd mortar remains; were it to be utteri.v razed to the ground, I should- look upon its ruins without the least pang of re- gret. In conclusion let me say that no thin .» can ever convince me that old Fenwick's will and mine strove not to- gether in deadly conflict the night suc- ceeding the disastrous fire. As my two predecessors fared, even so had it been with me but for a Power, to which 1 can lav no claim, interposing and there- by giving me a tardy victory. 