NOTES OF THE DAY. When one of the world's millionaires was asked how he achieved such immense sue cess in his conuueicual life he replied by u knowing what I wanted and working until I got it.' That is the plan which should guide all earnest effort ; lee us find 4JUL tiAtlUliy WJUilb VVt! Wlll'li (UK! IJUI' WllHDH our energy in chasing aftor matters of smaller importance. Wo take it that the problem of sectarianism ia a sort of side issue which, by the intensity of the feelings which lie at the back of it, has usurped a position in politics which it does nos right fully occupy. If we test the matter by fche above quoted millionaire's guide, to success, we cannot for a moment return an affirma tive answer to the query ' Is the establish ment of this or that religion the most prac tical or effective method of settling the difficulties that beset Australia's progress ? ' It is plain then that somehow or other whether by accident or design, religious problems have been so far advanced into the political arena that it often comes to an issue as to whether a man ahall on exercis ing his vote be disloyal to his politics or to bis religion — a dilemna in which lies a great deal of mischief both to the voter and to the policy of the country which he and his fellows govern. If evidence were wanted of the bitterness that ia caused by religious disputes, we might invoke the historic news to tell of fche millions and millions who, since the dawn of fche Christian era, have been fruitlessly siain in attempts to solve the reading of some obscure fcoxt or settle some ceremonial. It is one of the evidences of the increasing enlightenment of ths human, mind that religious wars have become lens and less numerous as the cen turies passed, until at last it is confidently hoped that the great nations of the world will nc longer grapple with one another over such matters. It seems to ub a pity that Australia should keep alive this san guinary relic of the middle ages within her borders and allow those matters which lie purely between each individual and his own conscience to in any way interfere with bio duties as between himself and the Stake. Unfortunately the flame of sectarian quar rel only burns the brighter as it goes on, seeming as it were to supply its own fuel. It is possible in a day to raise discord which will take years to lull into peace again. The result not only reacts unfor tunately on the politics of the State, but also tends to bring into disrepute the religious factions which engage in it. It must be plain to every earnest man that by such squabbles we depart more and more from the precepts of the Founder of the religions of the State. We import into doctrines which were meant to spread peace and goodwill on earth a spirit which is the exact opposite of their beneficent intention. We know of our own experience that there are towns in this State where the combination of religious and political differ ences has resulted in the bitterest antagon ism between fellow townsmen. The same spirit, if it is allowed to increase and intensify, will bring a state of absolute chaos in the political world. We do not Relieve there is any individual in this State insane enough to believe that by pursuing religious quarrels to their fullest bitterness, we jhould gain any good in our legislative deliberations. On the other bar; '3 we think that most reasonable men will be willing 'to admit that by sinking all religious differ ences and working unitedly and har moniously to solve the real problems which beset Australia we may hope to make some permanent advancement as a nation. The main topic of conversation for some time past has been the conduct of a public trial by Jury. Was everything as it should have been ? That is the query over which so many people are arguing. With the question itself we will for fche present have nothing to do. It is not, out intention to comment on the pros and cons of the mat ter. We pureue what 3eems to us a far more serious matter — that is the existence of conditions that render it possible for such a question to arise for enquiry and discussion. It ia the institution, not the isolated instance, which we consider of prime importance. It does not so much concern the people whether in this or that case certain incidents occurred of a nature foreign to the impartiality of Justice, but rather whether in any case, or at any time, a possibility of such incidents exists. If there is such a possibility, then a boasted British institution falls to fche ground. Tha efficacy of trial by Jury, or indeed of any trial at all, depends upon the attitude of the people entrusted with its conduct. There are some unfortunate nations where Justice has always been a sneer and a bye word ; where the pretence of a court is only a mere adroit method of securing injustice without force. There are other nations where the supremacy of Justice forms the inviolable guarantee o£ fair play to every unit in the State. We instance fche case of Frederick the Great, who, impatient at bargaining with a miller for flour for his army, reminded the sturdy tradesman that he was King and could seize by force what, he offered to secure by payment. Back came the famous answer, ' Your Majesty forgets, that there are Judges in Berlin.' Between these two extremes of administra tion lies a difference which is the more marked because invisible, The outward forms of Justice in most countries are similar. Most nations possess all the machinery for the manufacture of right, yet the products bear no resemblance to one another. This great, though intan gible, difference exisfc3 only in fche spirit of the nation as reflected in the institution under discussion. Where every citizen is vigilant in guarding the rights he possesses, and earnest in discharging the trusts im posed on him, the result need be a matter of no anxiety. We regret to say, and the facts now before the public warrant us in making the statement, that the average Australian is neither vigilant nor earnest. luerc -o a .; orbali-j light irresponsibility in his nature which should be rigidly sup pressed when so grave a matter as the liberty and character of a fellow citizen are placed before him for disposal. Many of us know by experience the prevailing spirit of the jury room. The prevalence of the wag, the indulgence in horse play, the time spont in ' yarns ' — all these not only waste the hours which should be devoted to serious business in hand, but also tend to produce a dangerous laxity. It is for each jury to see that its deliberations are con ducted under conditions which make impropriety an impossibilty. One of the proudest possessions of this continent is a circle of judges whose decisions are unan imously and consistently accepted as upright and honest. One of their greatest safeguards is the strict code behind which they entrench themselves. They never fall into that schoolboy-out-for-a-lark attitude which is the weak spot in the jury system. Were they for an insfcanfc I'to step from the judicial pedestal to hob-nob with the per sons on trial, to permit the sending to them of notes, to receive emissaries from inter ested parties, they would, even without indulging in fche least malpraotiop, bring discredit on justice in Australia. TtU'fw things happen ia Australian juries. W-- do not charge our jurors, as a class, with dishonesty; but we regret that good and upright men should, for the want of a little decorum, or for more eager jealousy in upholding their positions, allow discredit to come upon them and be subjected to the suspicion of having committed acts of which perhaps they are iunoeenfc. Worse than all, this same want of earnestness tends to weaken fche whole moral code of the com munity. If fche reputation of the arbitra tors, of the men entrusted with the maj.'jet.y of the law, is not beyond reproach, it cannot be expected that offenders will turn cheerfully to fche strict paths of propriety , Once again we have arrived at that season of the year when the news columns of the press are invaded by reports of des tructive fires. This is a trouble which appears rather to increase as tho years go on, for the reason that the greater areas under crop provide more fu^I. The more thickly settled and cultivated the district, the larger the opportunity for loss by mean3 of fire. It plainly follows that with increased settlement ami better seasons, the Stafco, having more at stake, - should bestir itself to protect the yield of ita fertile lands. For many seasons tha matter has been left to chance,— -an ex ceedingly bad master to entrust with one's possessions and livelihood. By that section of fche 'Local Government Act, 1996 ' which sets out the primary functions of councils it is provided that ' fche council of a shire, on its constitution under this Act, may within its area exercise the following powers and shall perform the following duties :— (among others) ' the making of provisions. (a) for the prevention or mitigation of bush fires (including the organisation of bush-fire brigades) and (b) for the pre vention of mitigation of menace to the safety of life or property from floods (in cluding the provision of flood boats and the organisation of flood brigades).' In the wise application of that section by the shire councils of districts liable to fire visitation, lies the future safety of crops, fences, flocks and homesteads. And also ia the saving of property, n.nd perhaps lives, in times of flood. Much may be done to day that was impossible a generation ago. If increase in settlement make losses by fires greater, it at the same time pro vides a larger available army of fire fighters. It only needs unity of action and the superintendence of a person skilled in forming bush-fire brigades to gather together a corps to put preventive - measures in practise. It now becomes the duty of the shire councils to take in hand f-.be first step — the stage which so far? baa proved the deterrent to useful action in this direction. It will be noticed that fche duty of the councils in this respect is twofold — to make provision for the pre vention of fires and also to form brigades. More is necessary than to have at call a I number of active men to cope with fires when once started. The more important task is to provide measures which will not allow fires to grow to a Bize needing a combination of forces for their extinction. It is a case of the old adage that prevention is better than cure. For this purpose we recommend our Shire Councils the^perusal of the doings of the various individual States of North America. In that country fires had become such a terrible evil that * the different visitations acquired a special name with the dignity of the definite article ''the', as 'The fire of 1876.' The Illinois Fire and so on. In Amerioa energy and foresight are more relied on than chance. Many efforts and ex periments were made, but in most States the preference was given to the institution of. ' fire-breaks.' In other words the lay of the land and the probable sweep of the fires was carefully investigated and strips of country were thoroughly cleared so that the spread of every fire might be checked by meeting a belt which was bare of imflam mable material. Natural barriers Buoh as streams or barren areas were utilised as far as possible to aid the line of for tification. Once cleared the bare strip must be kept free of grass or young vege- ? tation and regular rangera are appointed to burn off or otherwise remove any dangerous ,;? material, This will uofc, of course, prevent small areas being swept by fires, but the fact of barriers existing in some directions enables the brigade to concentrate ita efforts on fewer points and thus prevent those terrible miles of flames which set human resistance at defiance. We belive that if this section of the Local Govern ment Act is wisely brought into operation we will have a& organisation for prevention of large bush fires equal to any in America. When this is done Australia will have lost one of those malignant terrors which con stitute the main drawback to rural occupa tions — that is, the uncertainty of reaping the gi'ofifcs of the year's labour. 