THE COUNTRY. THE GOVERNOR AT PORT LINCOLN. Port. TJnmln Marr), 'IS. His Excellency the Governor arrived it the Adele last night, and visited the new school ucaricg completion, the foundation stone of which he laid some twelve months nm. tie then visited the State school, and put the children through drill. He beare them, reading, and gave lessons on charac ter. He told the leaders to go straight se that the others following would have good ¡ examples. The teacher called for cheers for the King and the Governor. His Ex- cellency next visited the hospital, and cheered the inmates with kindly words. A few of the leading townspeople went aboard this afternoon. The boat is to leave on Saturday. SAD DROWNING FATALITY PORT LINCOLN, March 27.-Yesterday morning the body of Malcolm Mcinnes, an old man, was found lying in the water near the beach. It is supposed that he fell from the jetty and was drowned. The coroner considered an inquest unnecessary. SMART RAILWAY WORK. EUDUNDA. March 28.-Last night the local railway yard presented a brilliant and animated appearance. The yard was lit up with three large Doty lamps, several acety- lene lights, and some twenty hand-fkvèh lamps, the whole giving out a splendid illu- mination. The reason was that tlie workers on the line were about to take out the whole of the old points and crossings, switches, and guard-rails, main line rails, and «sleepers, and replace them with an en- tirely new set of workings, without in any way interfering with the'running of trains or traine. For some time past Foreman Stephen Nolan anti his squad of ten men have been busy getting things ready and laid out in positron for dropping into place; and so well had the work been carried out that when the old gear was taken out the new work fitted in without the slightest trouble. The various permanent way gangs between Sutherlands and Bagot's Well stations (five in number) were called in to assist in the work. As soon as the after- noon train to Morgan had cleared -the sta- tion the men,' to the number of 25, under the supervision of District Foreman F. S. Rees, set to work, and before the lights were lit np the 200 sleepers, with rails, points, &c..; were removed, and things were ready for the new work. Some 200 to 300 residents of the town, a large number of whom were ladies, were present, and watched with keen interest the work of bringing the new portion into position. Eight slide rails had been laid down, upon which the long lengths of work were placed, and the men being in position, at a given signal. "Go!" the whole of the heavy mass of iron slid along comparatively easily, and dropped into place. Tue scene became very lively as the men with picks and shovels began at the earth work of bedding and re- filling. The remark was heard often, "There is no Government stroke here to- night, anyhow." It was willing work, and it was a splendid evidence of how one <*» two men can, by example and will, enthuse others into activity. Air. Rees, and with him Foreman Nolan, «?et the splendid ex- ample, which was willingly followed, and met with unstinted praise and admiration of all present. The evening train arrived with a large number of passengers, but was pulled up just outside the work. Mr. Brooks (stationmaster) had made com- plete arrangements, and no inconvenience was experienced. The resident engineer of railway» (Mr. J. C. B. Moncrieff) arrived by the train, and expressed himself as more than pleased at the amount of work done. This morning the train passed over the new road as smoothly as oossible. The men in relavs toiled all night. The new* work is much stronger than the old. The goods traffic outward from here is very large, firewood alone making up some 00,000 to 70,000 tons per annum. TROUBLE IN A TOWN COUNCIL. KAPUNDA, March 27.-The Kapund; Town Council on Tuesday had a littîi "scene." Some personal feeling was sliowi at the previous meeting between two o the councillors over some work tha required to be done to a road-roller. Tin "bone of contention" was introduced agaii on Tuesday evening, when the werfe com mittce recommended that the roller be re paired by a firm of which one of the coun cillors was a partner. This brought i question from Councillor Jeffs, as ti whether Councillor Rees was not connectée with the firm cf Hawke & Co. Councilloi Rec« asked if the council had not purchase« from Councillor Jeffs' establishment, whicl was answered in the affirmative by the towr clerk. To this Councillor Jeff's replied, bj asking for a return showing the_ quantity o'j slog purchased by the council from Hawke and Co.. and what was paid for it. Coun- cillor Rees said the council paid 1/G per load for the slag, to be carted where required. Councillor Jeffs, in justification of his ques- tions as to the roller, said in these times of economy they should know what work was to cost, and that it was his duty lo protect the council. Councillor Rees then leaned across the table te Councillor, Jeffs and said, "I will pull your nose if you,,ín;VnIt me." Councillor Jeffs appealed tátr^hc mayor, who, however, did not hcar^thejrrc mark, being in conversation with thc^tOwn clerk at the time. Councillor Reesíyéc-u rapeouely got up and repeated the remark. Alter a heated debate the mayor reítóred order, and Councillor Rees withdrew"" the remark "until after the council meeting." However, by the time the meeting closed, a more conciliatory spirit prevailed, and the "scene" merely became the topic of con- versation for a few minute» when the coun- cil'or* dispersed. Councillor Jeffs denied that he intended to he personal to Council- lor Rees, and Conncillor Ree» said that he had spoken as he had because Councillor Jeff* had insulted him by his remarks. Great regret at the disagreement was ex i pressed by the mayor FATALITY ON A SHIP. Wallaroo. March 2S. An inquest was held by Mr. James Mal- colm at the Courthouse this morniug, touching the death of Septimus Gordon Frank, aged 22 years, second mate of the ship fnvcrlyon, which occurred while the ship was sailing up the gulf on the morn- ing of 'March "26, alunit 16 mile» from Wal- laloo. The following cave evidence:-Cap- tain Janies CarI.ston._A. G. McGregor (ap- prentice). Gustave Kyburg fseaman), and Dr. W. n. Harbison. Mounted-Constable Schumann conducted the enquiry for the police.,. The evidence showed that the cap- tain gave orders to the second mate io lower the topgallantKail. and the men at once assisted in this work, the second mate taking charge of the windlass. After set- ting it going he walked over to the port side of the ship, and on returning Kyburg saw the mate fall, and run to his assis- tance. He was lying down, with his face towards the deck, and partly under the winch. Bleed was flowing from his nose, and mouth, and he was at once removed by the captain to the cabin, where nil that was possible was done for him. He was unconscious, but inst before he died he spoke. His words, however, were indis- tinct. He died at 11.30 a.m. the same morning. Dr. Harbison could not account; for the death by the marks on the body, and the jury, after consulting, did not con .«?ider a post-mortem examination necessary. They returned the following verdict: "That Septimus Gordon Frank met hi« death by tripping over the ventilator and lxang «truck by the handle of the winch.'' 'Die deceased was well liked by all on board, and was a steady, ttrnrncrate. re- liable officer. O-RL.OAMP. HOG BAY. Mardi 2S--The O.H.I, boys nrrivod here safely after a good passage on Wednesday night. They are all in good health. »ARDROSS.AN. March 26.-The Richter Dnimatie Company staged in the institute lost night the melodrama. "Soldiers of England." before a fair audience. - The Dowlingville Methodist Sunday-school anni- versary services were held on Sunday, when Mr. S. Forsyth preached to large congreea | tions. Special singing was rendered hy the pcholars, and solos were sung by Air. T. Willason. »ALDGATE, Mirch 27.-The anniversary services of the local Methodi-t Sunday school were held on Sunday last, ivlien set-mon.i I were preached by Mr. W. T. Piper, of Ade- laide, to good congregations, bpccial sing- ing was rendered by the scholars at each service. A public meeting was held in the church on Tuesday evening, over which the Rev. F. J. (Jurwood p-asiejed. An address was del ¡vere«! bv the chairman, and prizes were distributed to the scholars. Solos wen» rendered bv Messrs. J. Bawden and H Jamieson. A duet was given by Misses Cogley and TYclaggan. and recitation« wen contributed by tiie cliildren. The picnic wa* held at the National Park. Belair, or 'Tuesday last, au enjoyable time being spcni there. BARABBA, Mardi 27. - Anniversar; services in connection with the Methods Sunday-school were held on Sunday last when the Rev. J. Thorne, of 'f-w Wells preached two sermons to crowded congrega tions. On Monday a tea meeting was heit and was followed by a public meeting, a which Mr. W. Prime, of Dublin, presided Addresses were given bv the Rev. J. Dingle Mr. L. Tilbrook, of jiallala, and Mr. S Wilson, of Hamley Bridge. Special singinj was rcrrdercd by the choir, and supper foi lowed. CHERRY GARDENS, March 25.-The anniversary of the Methodist Church was celebrated on Sunday and Monday last, when the minister of the circuit preached three sermons on Sunday to good congrega' tioiw. On Monday the usual tea meeting was held in the Rechabite Hall, and was well attended. A public meeting was afterwards held in the church Mr. J. Donnell (head teacher ol the North Adelaide public school) presiding. The Chairman gave an address on the history of the early settlers, also oi the church and Sunday-school. Mr. TI, Strange (the treasurer of the church) sub- mitted the financial report, which was very satisfactory. Tile minister gave the church report. Over £50 was contributed during the past year for the up keep of the church and for other religious purposes. COONALPYN, March 26.-Anniversary services in connection with the Parkin Home Mission were held on Sunday, and a tea and lecture took place on Monday. The Sunday services were conducted by the Rev. T. Williams, who on Monday evening lectured cm "Love, Courtship, and Mar- riage." The funds collected were for a church organ. CARRIETON, March 27. - Early on Sun day morning Mr. Ray Byerlee was awakened by feeling something moving over his face and was berri Red to find a large snake ryin¿ right across him. Ho seized the reptile with both hands and hurled it from him. and then attempted ta get a weapon to kill it. but t'hc snake escaped through a hole in the floor. It was some time before Mr. Byerlee recovered from the shock.-The an- niversary and harvest thanksgiving services in connection with the Methodist Church were held on Sunday afternoon and evening, when the Rev. A. M. Trengove, of Wil- mington, preached, to fair congregationA On Monday evening a concert was held in the institute. Musical items were ren- dered by Mesdames Byerlee and George, Misses Read, Mcinnes, Robertson, ano Byerlee, and Messrs. McDnug.ill, Bullen, Byerlee. and Smith. Limelight views wee shown hy the Rev. .T. Shaw. Mr. E. li. Radford presided. After the concert sup- per was provided.-Many farms in this dis- trict have changed hands within the last few months, anti clearing sales have been frequent. At most of these old-time prices have been realised for stock.-Farmers are nsw awaiting rain, for with a great many water carting is the order of the day- Seed- ing has begun. , CALLINGTON, March 27.-Mrs. Sawade, sen., 82 years of age-, residing with her son, Mr. Carl Sawade, of Salem, died suddenly yesterday afternoon. Mrs. Sawade spent part of yesterday visiting Mrs. Alfred Jaensch, and on her return, when about 100 yards from the residence ot Mr. Alfred White, she was seen by Mrs. White to stagger. Mrs. White immediately went to her assistance and took the old lady into her house, but she only spoke a few dozen words and expired. Mrs. Sawade appeared to be in her usual health when she left Mrs. Jaensch. The trooper from Strathalbyn and a justice of the peace made enquiries, and finding death due to natural causes deemed an inquest unneces- sary. The deceased left one son, three daughters and 38 grandchildren.-Mrs. Kos chade, wife of the Rev. F. Koschade, is leaving for a six months' holiday to visit her relntions in Germany, by the Nord Deutscher Lloyd steamer Bulow on Fri- day next. Last evening a party of ladie nnd gentlemien connecteid with the local Lutheran Church paid a surprise visit to the pastor's residence. Mrs. A. F Gehrike on behalf of those present, in wish- ing Mrs. Koschade bon voyage, presented her with a travelling bag and rug. CALLINGTON, March 28. - On Wed nesd.iy evening the Murray Brielge Musical Society, in the Callington Hall, staged an operetta, "Sherwood's Queen," before a full house. The Rev. J. H. Goss, of Murray Bridge, occupied the chair. The follow ng took lendinrr part'« very credittbly:- Robin Hood, Mr. II. D. Clare; Little John, Mr. J. New; Friar Tuck. Mr. F. R. B-avis: Allen a-dale, Mr. S. O. Herbert: Wi'l Scarlett, Mr. G. O'Leary; Arthwell, Mr. T. M. Ben- nett; Maid Marion. Miss R. J. Jaensch; Alice, Mips A. M. Jaen-.ii; widow, Mrs. Yate.-i. Supper followed, which was well patronised. CLARENDON. March 26.-A meeting of the Agricultural and ¡Horticultural Society was held in the Town Hall this evening to wind up affairs in connection with the late show. The meeting was well attended, and was presided over ny the president of the society (Mr. Woods). The secretary (Mr. i Burpee) read the balance-sheet, which show«*! that financially the society is in a good position. There was. a goeid de*al of elL-cus-iion, and it is the intention of the committee to- make several alterations and to largely- increase their prize-lint for the next show. FOREST RANGE, »March 26. - On Sun- day the anniversary of the local Method ;st Sunday-senool was celebrated. Mr. W. Senior, M.P., preached excellent A'a ourses in the afternoon and evening. There were record attendance*«". On the following Tuesday a pir-mc and sports were heW. on the Central Recreation Reserve. A laige number of the residents and parents of trie scltolai- were present. The committr*' yvorked hard, to m.-.ke the picnic a suect-s. and their efforts were rewarded, the attend- ance on Tuesday constituting a record. The number of scholars ->n the roll is 130, and the average attendance for the past year was 98. On Tuesday evening an entertain- ment was given in the church, ami was p-e sided over by the superintendent, Mr. W. McLaren. Addresses 'vero given bv the Rev. R. J. Daddow and Mr. Senior," M.P. Songs were rendered by the scholars, under the baton of Mr. J. G. Rogers, Mrs. Wm. Green presiding at the organ. Recitations -vere given by Masters» S. McLiren and S. Green, and Misses E. Hefford, M. Green, 0\. Copeland, and E. Eglinton; phonograph selections by Mr. R. Collins, ami a dialogue hy Mis-es Chigwidden (2), Väekers, Green, Collins and L. (Irockoff. A .«-upper con cluded the evening's entertainment. Thanks were accorded Mr. Rogers for the erection of a gallery in the church, the congregation finding the materials and Mr. Rogers Irving his labor -frec. The officials were:-Judges of sport-». M«jsnrs. G. Monks. ,T. Green, and J. Sharn; stai-terrs. Messr. A. Baum and J G. Rogers: handicapped Mr. J. G. Rogers. Mr. J. Vickers conducted the skipping con- test-.. Results of »pt-t-»:-Threoleiged race. W. Norton and A. Green, F. Copeland and C. Mason; bicycle race (two mile«-). Gil Green. E. Dr-armnn. A. Brockoff: stepping' 50 v.tr.ls. H. Dearman, Green and A. Water.! tied (2) -, Races -vere .dso held for boys and girls. FRANCES. March 26.-A ven* large pumpkin i« on view at "Mr. »A. J. Cir rachei-'a store. It -vas grown on the banks oi Lake Cadnite, by Mr. G. Schammer, a resident of -.his town, and turns the scale at 105 lb. It is the largest seen in this distr:ct tor .some years, although a local resident nays he saw some grown in the .«-.me vicinity years ago we-ghing I*- cwt. This pumpkin should f-erve a* a good ad vet-tisememt for the Government's latest clevser settlement purchase, the B'mi'im estarte. w"-)-h hounds France-on three sd"s.¡ Like Cadnite it nlfo a portion of the estafe. Mnch satisfaction is expressed vrith the action of the Government in purchasing the rstate. The settlement of a number of families on this land should materiaJly- in- crease the« imperrtarrce of the l^wn'-hip. Joseph Billing, youngest son of Mr. J. B"l ling, ganger on.the rail way- line at. Binnum, met with a pninftif accident on Mondiy evening last. With his si«-ters he w¡_» play- ing see-saw. when one of the sir's acciden- tally let a big rail fall on the boy. wlio vra« stniclc on the chest anti head and rendered unconscro-s for pomc honrs. The lad is noyv on a fair way to recove-.-. Harve»;t tlinnlvst-iving sorviccs were held in flit» On-1 pregntional Church on _"_"lny last, the-) church bein;: «If-eoratetl for the r>cc¡v.ion "ny the ladies of the town. The Rev. George j Slade iva1» the officiating Tn¡ni<:t'-r, .and nil I the «cn-iccs were largely attended. Special I singing wa<\- rendered by the choir. Miss A. Pettit was organist. GAWLER, March. 28.-The annual meet- ' ing of the Gawler Sairr-Bowkett Society was held at the institute last night. The chair was occupied "by Mr. E. Potter. The directors' report showed thai advances amounting to £1.520 had been made to members during ¿he* year. ' The total ad- vanced to date was £12.565. and the repay- ment was amply secured bv mortg- ges. Tile chairman proposed the adoption of the re- port and financial statements. He stated that 71 appropriations had been made, and 81 still remained to be ' allotted. Mr. T. White seconded the adoption, which was carried. Messrs. E. Potter and C. Ayling were re-elected directors, and Messrs. E. II. Coombe, M.P.. and IT. J. Coles auditors. KAPUNDA, March 27.-The Rev. G corse Griffiths (rector of Christ Church), who is worshipful master of Lodge of Light, at tile lodge meeting on Frid.iv evening was prevented with a past muster s gold jewel. The rev. gentleman leaves fcr England very shortly, and at the close of the lodge a so- cial was held, when good wishes were ex- tended to the departing master. An a townsman the rev. gentleman has assisted in several of the institutions, including the Photographic Club, Industrial end Art Ex- hibition, and hospital. HAMMOND, March 25-The annnal meeting of the local Liberal and Demo- cratic Union was held in the Hammond Hall on Saturday last. Mr. S. Thomas pre- siding over a fair attendnnce of members. The draft copy of by-law», came in for further discussion, and dissatisfaction was expressed at the construction of by-law 9, I and alterations suggested. Regret was ex- pressed at the illness of Mr. A, H. Inkster. M.P., and the non. secretary was requested to write conveying the sympathy of the branch to him. The president (Mr. S. Thomas) and the vice president (Mr. John Kelly), who has held office since the incep- tion'of the union in 1904. were re-elected. As the secretary (Mr. A. Wallace) wished to be relieved from his office the election of a secretary was deferred- until the next meeting. GOLDEN GROVE, March 27. - A con cert in aid of the Golden Grove Presby- terian Church was held in the Modbury In- stitute on Tuesday evening. The pro- gramme consisted of a recital by Mr. R. W, Lyon, and vocal items hy Messrs. Robert son (2), Mullett, and Woodhe.id, and Misses Rol>ertson and Maxwell. The hall wa? well filled, and a pleasant evening was spent. Mrs. Mullett acted as accompanis' throughout. A supper followed. GREENOCK. March 20.-The Methodist Sunday-school anniversary services were held on Sunday and Monday, March 24 and 25\. in the German Church. On Sunday morning the Rev. H. Chester preached, in the afternoon Mr. W. H. Eckersley, and in the evening the Rev. H. Chester. Special singing by children and friends at each service formed an attractive feature. On Monday a tea in the Institute Hall was followed by a public meeting in the German Church. All the meetings were well attended. Addresses were delivered by Rev. H. Chester and Mr. Dowie, the superintendent. Mr. George Branson read the report of the Sunday-school for the last two years, and gave the names of the boys and girls who were entitled to prizes. Mr. Henrick (Freeling) was chairman. A supper followed. The pastor of the Ger- man Church, Daveyston, conducted a fare- well service on Sunday afternoon which was largely attended. He was presented with a purse of sovereigns and other gifts by his, friends and well-wishers. He will leave for Germany shortly.-The amount granted to the council will not be enough to fill the holes in the road; sheeting bad places is out of the question. There 's what used to be named the old bridge on the mail track. It is not the main road proper but it gets a good share of the traffic; the rails are done, the posts broken off, and nothing to prevent a tumble into the creek, which in all likelihood would be serious, the drop being something like 10 or 11 ft.-Mr. Elix, a retired farmer, who lived here for some years, died on Saturday last. The deceased was 84 years of age, and took a keen interest in church mat- ters.-A day or so ago while R. Kraft was engaged carting gravel from the creek here the horse backed and fell into the creek. The spokes of one wheel parted from the nave; the dray was also damaged; the harness suf fered also.-Two young men driving through Greenock got thrown out of the vehicle. From all appearance they were not teetotallers.-The contractors are getting along with the maintenance metal for the main roads. Some of them have nearly fulfilled their delivery of 400 yards (un- broken to 2 1/2 in.). The local breakers ask 2/ per yard. It is hoped that the contrac- tors, will see their way to grant it. KINGSCOTE (KI.), March 28. - Mr. W. Thomas met with a serious gun accident on Tuesday night whilst out wallaby shoot- ing. An old muzzle-loading gun which he was usine burst, and made a large gdping wound in the palm of his left hand. Mr. Martin, the chemist, and Mrs. Florance, to whose residence ne was taken, dressed the arm. which is in a very bad state. The suf- ferer is proceeding to Adelaide on the steamer Kooringa to enter' the Adelaide Hospital.-The annual meeting oí the Kings- cote Literary Society was held in the Kings- cote council hall on March 19. There was a large attendance of members, and t'.:c following officers were elected for the pre- sent year:-President." Mr. R/L. Barrett; vicc-prcsiden-ts, Messrs. J. Davidge. W. W. Cook; hon. secretary, Mr. P. T. Mar- tin: treasurer. Mr. H. F. Mitchell; com- mittee, Miss Porter, Messrs. Tucker, L. Ayliffe, II. Partridge. A large programme was draw-n up, and keen interest is being taken in the society's work. LAAÎFROO March 27- Harvest think« j* ving services were held m the Lameroo Afcthodisl Church on Sundiv Mar-n 21 Two sermons were preached bv Mr le \ On Mondav even ng a tea and put) lu meeting were held and a good pio gramme was pone tbiough The items were -Duet Air II Trowbridge and Miss Trowbridge «ongs Mi T H Burns Mis.- M nul Trowbridge Mister Les e Trowbridge recitations Miss Trowbridge and Miss TUison An interesting and humorous jddre«s on ' China its peoples and rr-lig ons ' -w is given In Mr Jew Mrs V T Troubridge presided at the piano und Ali«s Trowbridge at the organ MACCLESFIELD March 27-Aimivcr eiiv service« in connection with the Con crcgational Church w i» conducted on Sin dry by Mr R Sharples secretary of the Congregational Lnv Preachers' \\--socmtion -A cnekci. match Macclesfield versus Disfnct was played on Mondav \V Ross captained the Macclesfield team vvhikt 1 I>ivenport led the District team The result was a draw, Maccle-firid having four w cket« down foi 86 runs E Phrtrut gold contnbntins 31 nnd Dowling 23 of this total whilst the District team los live wicket« for 144 runs F Peferscn put ting np 74 ino E Davenport 21 A tel meeting was held at the conclusion of the cr cket match and was followed bj a public meeting m the (hurch pre-idtd over bv Mr L Davenport who read the annual re port of the church which showed it to be in an improved position Addresses were delivered bv the Rev T Melntvrc (Mount Barker), Mr C Fdtnond«. Mr R Sharples and Mr Burrow Misse« Ldmonris and Davenport each gave a recitation, while the choir contributed special music with Mr* Moiton presiding at the organ Sapper was provided MILLICENT Mirth 27-At the local Poliee Court on Mondnj before Messrs U Hurt and ** 1 btuckev lliom is rdw ird Wh te was fined 1/ md cost- A. 5 in ill tor having ls-sanitcd frrnest Robert Oliver Osborne it Millicent on March 16 Air *spehr appeared for the mtormant and Air H r Ward foi the defendant who pleaded not guilty MOUNT TORRENS, March 26.-On Sun day last the anniversary services of the Methodist Snnday-tschool were held, the preachers being the Rev. T. Theobald in the morning and the Rev. B. C. Matthews, of Woodside, in the evening. The church was tastcfullv decomtcd for the occasion, and a large gallery that had been erected for the accommodation of the scholars was well filled. Both services were well attended, and special anthems were rendered by the .scholars and choir, under the baton of Mr. J. W. Pargon». On Monday the scholars' animal tea took place, after which a public meeting was held. Mr. T. Pflaum, of Rltimbcrg. presided over a large gathering. Tile secretary's end treasurer's reports both showed a marked improvement in the at- tendance of the scholars, as well as a balance on the right side. Addresses were given hy the Revs. B. C. Matthews, T. McNeil (of Gumeracha), and T. Theobald, and at the clow; of the- meeting «upper was eerved in the Sunday-school. The proceeds of the anniversary, which were highly satisfactory, went towards the school funds. MURRAY BRIDGE. March 28. - On Wednesday evening, for the first time, the railway-station and platforms were illumi- nated with the new acetylene ga.« installa- tion. It is] a decided improvement to the place, and the work u a credit to the con- tractor for the plant. There are altogether 12 lights of 50 eandîepowcr each on the plat- form, and eight lights in various other parts of the station building. The gas is now being installed to the refreshment- rooms, and «ill be extended afterwards to the sig- nalling cabin. It is to be hoped that the old wooden railway buildings wiil be the next to give way to a more up-to-date and convenient building.-A number c*f well known citizens from Adelaide arrived he« on Wednesday evening and left by the «-learner Ellcu on a shooting excursion, for Morgan.-A number of men are arriving daily to look for work on the swamp re- clamation works, while others again are leaving after giving it a day's trial. There is a scarcity oi good laborers. MOONTA, March 27. - Several Moonta residents are leaving next week on an ex- tended trip to England. Included amongst the number are Captain R. Cowling, Mr. and Mrs. F. J. Fisher. Mr. and Mrs. R. Eustice, and Mrs. I. Shroeder. Mr. Eus- tice is the surface manager at the Moonta mines, and the officers and foremen pre- sented lum with a wallaby rug. Mr. Pryor made the presentation on behalf of the donors. The general manager (Mr. . II. Lipson Hancock) referred to Sir. Eunice's many good qualities, and read a letter from the smelting works officials wishing him an enjoyable trip. Messrs. F. Pen hall. W. Roberts. E. J. Trenerry. E Fur- nell, and W. H. Hayes also spoke.-Mr. S. Lamshcd, of Sunny Vale, assisted by one of his etrrployes. raptured a fox on his farm, close to the homestead, on Monday night. This is the first fox seen in that neighborhood. Mr. Ltmshed him lost n number of lambs and u sheep during the last few days, their tongues being eaten out. - The Methodist quarterly meeting was held last night, when there was a sur- plus of £65 over expenses after paying off last quarter's deficiency - A vigilance committee, consisting of Messrs. F. Han- cock. T. R. Riwdcn, E. Major. R. J. Champion. F. Page, and H. Hollands were appointed with a view to assisting the authorities in suppressing Sunday trading. .MOUNT GAMBIER. March 27.-Mr. W. "Voting, of Glencoe, leaves Adelaide oh April 25 for a six months' trip to England.-The Yahl Paddock Methodist Chnrch anniver- sary services were celebrated on Sunday, and were attended by large congregations. -This morning two dogs belosging to resi- dent« of the township got among a flock of Mr. R. Smith's sheep running in a paddock a little distance from the township. They killed six sheep, and ten were severely .mauled. PORT WAKEFIELD. Mareil 27.-A local fisherman had occasion to visit Port Arthur last Tuesday evening, and left that port for here about 10 p.m. When half a mile on the way he noticed the fin of what he thought was a large shark following in his wake. Having a dread of sharks he hoisted full sail, and backed up by a good south- west breeze made capital progress, but to his horror noticed that the enemy had not lost ground; in fact, seemed closer. By throwing overboard half his personal effects the speed was increased a little, hut still the ripple of the tin could be noticed still following. When about half-way across the gulf he shot through the fishing fleet at anchor. He hoped his follower's atten- tion would be directed to the other boats, and prepared to take down sail and watch the panic. But no; there was the fin still showing. Almost beyond himself with fright he completely lost his bearings, and about midnight, before he had time to lower sail, found himself aground in 1 ft. of water three miles west of the port. Throwing himself overboard he made for dry land just ns a knotted pine post covered with fishing nets came alongside the boat. The post had heen tied by himself at Port Arthur. PORT LINCOLN, March 27.-At a a ting of the Licensing Bench to-day, Mr. Keats. S.M., presiding, an application I A. E. Stevens for a license for an hotel, be built on Tasman-terrace, was refused '. the ground that the site was too far fro the jetty. PORT AUGUSTA, March 26.-His Exe« lency the Governor arrived here with M TI. Dutton and party in the steam yacJ Adele on Sunday last, and attended servi* at St. Augustine's Church in the evenin¡ On Monday morning the railway motor c; arrived from. Quorn, and his Excellency an party had a run to the Summit and bael returning to the port' in time for lund During the afternoon his Excellency visite the hospita] and the State school, where Ï addressed the children, and granted them half-holiday, to be taken on ThdrsilnY nex and then, under the guidance of Harboi master W. Ellis, he and his ' party visite Port, Augusta West, where a fine team < camels, owned bv "Acklear Khan were ii Kpected, Mrs. Julian Ayers, one of th ladies of the party, indulging in a ride o 'one of them. ' Here the Slate school wa also visited", and'a half-holidav granted t the children. The yacht left this morain for a cruise round the gulf ports.-Mi Alfred Tennyson Dickens delivered n lee cure on Charles Dickens and his work» ii the Institute Hall last night. The chai was occupied by Mr. Holdsworth. RIVERTON, March 37.-Air. G. Eaton who has been in busbies« here for severa years as a storekeeper, and his family, in tends leaving shortly. A number of friend arranged a complimentary concert. J splendid programme was presented 01 Monday evening in the institute and there was a good attendance. Thi items 'consisted of orchestral music by tin Riverton Orchestra, under Mr. W. S. Gor don; singing, elocution, and a dialogue "Cinders." Those who took part in tht singing were Misses R, Hannaford, II Watts, and Mesdames T. Camac and AV Cairns, and Mr. H. A. Davis, jun., and ti the elocution Mi&es; II. Hall. Q. Clarke. A Eaton, and Messrs. D. L. Clarke, J. Kirk and W. S. Kelly.-Anniversary services ii connection willi the Methodist Church wen | held on Sunday last, when the Rev. T. Ged des White, of Gawler, took the three ser vices, preaching to good congregations Special singing ivas rendered by the choir On Tuesday a tea meeting was held, and ir i the evening a public meeting and lantern lecture took place. Air. J. Kellj" presiding The treasurer, Mr. A. Shawyer, read_ the financial report, which was most satisfac- tory, a credit balance being in hand, aftet paying off part of the loan ( £110) and in- stalling the acetylene gas in the church, at a tost of £35. The Rev. J. AVatts gave the ministcr's report, which was also very satis factorv. The Rev. T. Geddes'White .de- livered a le: turc on "TheNTe of Aiist-alia." i illustrated with lantern views. Solos we"e rendered by Mrs. J. A. Kelly and Mis« Watts. A 'supper followed.-A fire swept through the Riverton Cemetery, and dam- aged and destroyed a great part of the plan- tation, which wa.« corning ori so well, and would «con have proved a nice ornament^ to the grounds. Last year a lot of m''n;ng timlier was sent from here for "the min"« on the Peninsula. The carting of the same has now again been resumed, and pro- vides employment for a number of men. A good vintage is being experienced, and grape-picking is In full swing. Annie piclc , ing ha« commenced, and though the sample is good the cron i« a light one. SCOTT'S CREEK, March 23-Mr. Wil- liam Nicholls, chairman of the District Council of Stirling, had the misfortune to lose a valuable horse on Saturday night The animal was found lying dead in the stable, and it was considered that it died from poison of some kind in its feed. . SADDLEWORTH, March 27.—A special general meeting of subscribers to the local institute was held on Tuesday night to con- sider the advisableness of establishing a free library and to decide what steps should be taken in connection therewith. There was a good attendance including a fair proportion of ladies. The president (Mr. Maurice Walsh, jun.), briefly out- lined the scheme. The committee were unanmiously in favor of it but it was ne- cessary, in order to comply with the Act, that a general meeting of subscribers should be held. The secretary (Mr. E. Sutting) said institutes were public institutions, partly maintained out of public funds, and were intended to be a useful educational factor in the life of the people. He wished to see the library free to every man, woman, and child in the ward. They did not propose to sell or transfer the in- stitute to the district council, though the Act permitted this. It was not advisable that the district council should control the library. The scheme provided for a spe- cial committee to be elected by the rate payers who would get the use and control of over £700 worth of property for £25 per annum. Twenty-five pounds per an- num was nothing to a prosperous district like Saddleworth. He moved—" That the corporation of the district council be sought towards the establishment of a free library." Mr. W. H. Bee seconded the motion. He said at present their sphere of influence was too limited. It was a shame that a splendidly assorted library of nearly 1,700 volumes should be restricted to a mere handful of the resi- dents. If all were members all would take an interest in the books. He hoped the ratepayers would not oppose the movement. Mr. F. Coleman (chairman of the district Council), in supporting, said that there were many ways in which city boys had ad- vantages over country boys. The latter should be given as many opportunities as possible. After further discussion the motion was carried unanimously. A meet- ing to confirm the decision or otherwise, in accordance with the provisions of the Act, will be held on April 16. STOCKWELL. March 2(i-Another old identity of this place, Mr. Kdw.u'd Schultz, died on Saturemj.'. He had been suffer-m from an internal complaint for a consider- able time. The deee»i*»ed came from Ger- many about 29 years ago. and in his carl« days yvns coachman for Mr. White, who represented the district of light in forme. >e,irs. He. was very popular. His eldest son was buried four months ago in the local cemetery. Ile left two non«, nnd. three daugh- ters, und two grandchildren. SADDLEWORTH. March 27. - Sir Frederick Holder conducted anniversary tcrvices in the Primitiv« Methodist Church on Sunday. Special «»inging yvas given bef the choir, Mrs. Worden acting as organist. \--\n entertainment yvas held in the insti- tute hall on Monday evening. There yvas a good attendance. Some excellent lantern views were shown, and Sir Frodori«*k Bol- der lectured on "South Australia's White Elephant" He expressed his strong opinion that South »Australians should sup- port the prcsemt scheme for lianding the Northern Territory over to the Common- wealth. He said that he did not think they wonld ever get as good an offer again. After the entertainment supper was pr* vided by the ladies of the congregation. S.ALTSBURY. March 27.-Tho aunuaj meeting of the Methodist Junior Endeavor Society yvas held in the institute on Tuet. I day evening. The Rev. H. J. Pope pre- sided. The hall was well filled, and * good programme, under the direction of Mrs. A. Smitli (superintendent of the so- ciety) and Mr. Smith, was carried out. .% report «if the veal's yyork was read bjf Miss Millie Allen, yvhicb showed the so- ciety to be flourishing with a mennbership of 35. Mr. S. Wicks contributed one of liis "Chalk talks." entitled "The <"*hi_*« tian's armor." Action-songs were given of, tlie juniors, and a recital by several girl*. The building of a ladder, yvith an illustra- tion for each rung, by u number of boja, w-as n novelty, and deserved the app*-.«** which it received. Mist» Cooper give a grettinir from the North Adelaide Society, und Mrs. Smith spoke, thanking frwnrL. for assistance. , STOCKPORT, March 27.-On Sünden- last tlie Methodist Sunday-school e .lebrated its nnnivcrsary. The circuit minister (Mc. D. Wylie) deäivcred two addresses, and anthems yttre niven by the dliildrcn, r.8--sted by the «"hoir. Mrs. G. Howard presided at the organ. The proceeds .*#**". in aid of the school funds.-The Stockport branch of the Agricultural Bureau held, thor annual outing on Tiicsday. In the afternoon the Stockport cricketers played the members of the bnreau,Naud were »»vic- tor-oust. Scores--Stockport, 134; S. Wun« nenbe-rg 41, W. Arnold 26, J. Clayton JO, O. Howard 13. Bureau, 80: F. Watts £ü. Smit.» 10. Dnring the afternoon the Bethel Brass Band contributed selections. In the evening a social was heleL Mr.i-J. Godfree presided over a good nttcndi_i«**6V TRURO, March 26.-The anniversar-,».. vices of the Truro Congregational Churc were conducted on Sunday by the Rev. J. C. Kirby (of Port Adelaide). Special siftg" ing was rendered by the choir. On Monday", a public ten took place in the institute. A!, public meeting in the church followed. »Ad dresses were given by the Revs. J. Robert- son, M.A., J. C. Kirby, "W. H. Newbould, and L. Robjohns. Special singing woe ren- dered by the choir, and a solo was'sung bj. Miss Mayer. . . ' TUNGKILLO, March 25.-The juvenile ' section of the Tungkillo public school acatad) well Jat the Moont Pleasant show. - They obtained first prize in each of., the .five classes for sheet writing, and first in-each. section for bo}'s manual work; als. lirons-» medal for woodcarving. At the .recent in- spection Inspector Martin expressed 'him« self much pleased with the efficiency of til« 6chool.-A sturt has been made at last to- wards erecting the telephone.-The roads are getting into a bad «tate, owing to hesvm trafhe.-loses are still destroying poultry. ^TARCOOLA, March 21.-On St. Patrick's * Night a concert was held in aid of the funds for building an Institute Hall.. TAvZ Frank Blundell played the overture.' An instrumental selection was given by Messm. Dedman and Beatton (banjo). Hays (flute), and Hackcndorf (violin), and Mrs. Blair (piano). Mrs. Dwyer sang "He'« coming home today." Mr. Clisby gained a we'í deserved encore for his song, "Let me like - a soldier fall," nnd in response gava "The anchor's weighed." Messrs. Parker and Blair gave comic songs in character. Mr. J. Wak li did some splendid step-dancing. Mr. Jems Hackendorf «contributed a violin solo, and Mr. A. Hanns was encored for his song, "I'm Ifjaving Bombay." The well known farce, "Turn Him Out," was stagee», by Misses Stella Ward and Hilda Giles and Me--s.De Mole, Beatton, and Blair. Mr«, blair presided at the piano during the even- ing. The entertainment w_s a great suc- cess. VICTOR HARBOR, March 27.-A bush- fire is burning to the west of the township. > towards the Waitpinga district. It started this morning, and three separate columns of smoke can be seen to.the south.-Fen- ton'« Circus Company play here for two nights. Last night they opened yvith a good attendance, nnd much, amusement Was caused by n local aboriginal native, known as "Simply Marvellous" riding-»^ mule. VICTOR HARBOR, March M&.y-Yot some time past it has been the desire of several to'vnspeoplc to form a bras» baud . in connection with the place and on Wed- nesday evening a meeting was called fco discuss the matter. By unanimous vote the brass hand yvas formed. There iittj about 13 instrumento- and two drum's be- longing to the town, and .several privat» instruments, so that the band is starting under good conditions. Officers -.cr« elected us folloyvs:-Conductor, Mr. C. Chick; vice-conductor, Mr. E. H. laing; secretary, Mr.»L. Tardrew; committee, Messrs. D. Bmcc and E. G. Field. , WILLOWIE. March 26.-Harvest thank» giving services were conducted on Sunday by Rev. J. Shaw, of the Carrieton and Johnsburg circuit. On Monday evening the minister of thw circuit (the Rev A. M. Trengove) gave a lantern lecture illustra- tive of life along the River Murray. The proceeds, which were satisfactory, were in aid of the circuit funds. WASLEYS, March _5.-"Harvcst thank».' giving service« were held in the Methodist Church here on Sunday last, both sermons being preached by Mr. W. Cole, of Free« ling. The Willaston Methodist choir ren- dered excellent music at both sen ice» ta crowded congregation««. The building was «suttahly decorated with seasonable pre"_ucta of the farm, orchard, and garden.-Regtet, is felt at the retirement of the Rev. D. S. Wylie, of Templers, from the active worfc of the Methodist ministry. He will be suc- ceeded by Rev. J. H. Goss next month. Afc the last conference it was decided that Hem ley Bridge should be added to the Templers circuit and the minister ivill reside ther« in future.-Mr. John J. Sellcck died on» Sunday, after a lingering illness, at the aga of 35 yearn. His yvife died two years ago^ «ind three little orphans are left. The de ceascd wa» the second son of Mr. John SeU leek, an old rcsi«»cnt of thi* district, * an«f was generally respect«»«!, having lived hcra dll his life. * ' . WOKURNA, March 20. - The fiwt ann. versary of the Garfield Sunday-school waa held on Sunday Jafet. ' The Rev. J. Nair« preached in the afternoon, and Air. Parkin- son took the evening service. Special sing- ing was rendered by the s«-hol_rs, under the leadership of Moss Watson. A picnic was given to the scholars on Monday at FishtiT man's Bay, when a good prc_ranime c" sports yycre esimed out * YORKETOWN, March 27. - Liffuenza >. prevalent, and many^ people throughout the district have been victims. - Householder* are in many instances yvishmg ÍOT nui',' «s the supply of rain water is getting small. -The Government painters are re- novating the p A reply to a request bv the» conner! that the picket fence adjoining it may be painted also 'nab not yet been re ceived. Tltc condition of this fence is such' that any private ovmer would be ashamed of it.-The selectors of tlie latcly-cup-up e-t tates at Pentonvale are selling large ¿Juinti ties erf firewood. The majority of the te ce tions having been used only as a sheep ma arc heavily wooeted, and numbers of met» are engaged by the occupiers in felling anti cutting xhe timbe- for cartage to the sea- board", where the limekilns art* supplied. One einiwbud: which it is hopes! yvill soo* I be remedied is the state of the road» ' ad ! -erining some of tlie selections. In' som« 1 instant») boulclers aie jutting out of the j native sou. 