JERALANG ... 17th Feb. After several weeks of hot weather, wo have had a nice fall of rain, which continued steadily for two days. The fall was very opportune, as numbers of tlie settlers were getting snort of water for domestic purposes. The gross is again getting green. There is &n; abundance of feed, end the cream returns are keeping up well. Great strides have been made in the open ing up of this country during the last few years. Thousands of pounds have been spent In clearing, fencing, ta0<l in erecting com fortable homesteads and outbuildings. The soil is mostly grey, and grows great crops of grain, and even oq the hills, paddocks of red clover can be seen 3 feet aigh. Tk« opening up of tho new road to Traral- gon _ will greatly benefit the district. When this row is finished, there wi.. be a conapara- tlvoly level road right Into Traralgon. Bad xoads have retarded the development of this district, as produce could not be carted to -market. There are now four cream carts running every week from Morwell and Tra ralgon, and farmers get /their provisions brought out by these carts. There is one mail a week from Morwell. "The Weekly Times" has a large number of readers among the settlers, and parcels of the papers are brought out In the cream waggons. The Jeeralang hill country Is situated about twelve miles from Morwell, and about the same distance from Traralgon. At tho foot of a steep bill, Mr Jackson has a selection, "and Is milking a fine herd of fifty cows. On the other side of the range, Mr Larkln milks a herd of Alderneys that would be hard to beat. At tbe foot of the hill 1b the property of Mr Jackjung, who has been a resident for twenty years. He is milking a nice herd of cattle. On the next block, Mr Galloway, who has only purchased the property re cently, has made great Improvements in clearing and fencing. He milks thirty picked cow®, and they give a great return of cream, On this selection there are rich flats, and gentle slopes, well adapted for cultivation, and on a large area, hay, maize, and pota toes are grown. Dairying Is tbe mainstay of tbe district; the farmers are all pros perous, and In the course of a few years, when more land Is put under grails, tbe Jeeralang district will be one of the best in South Glppsland. Complaints are made that a number of selec- . (tons are owned here by persons who do net reside on them, and who have never spent a penny on the blocks. Hard-workiug selec tors adjoining these properties arc in danger of having houses and Improvements swept sway should another bush-fire occur, which Is not unlikely. Several farmers' sons kavo gone to New South Wales and New Zealand to get land, and (here are several hundreds of acres here lying idle. 