Mr Langdon has lost no time, after assumption of office as a Minister of the Crown, in taking a course of actio [?] which must meet with appreciation in every rural district. ; The new Chip! Secretary, who, as chairman of the Bush- Fires Inquiry Board,-(acquired-' a gteat deal of information, as to suck fires, there causes, and the ijest'rncahs of pre venting them, or,' at 1 the least, mini mising their effects, bps promptly-taker steps W'ith a view to ascertaining what action, if any, has Ijeen proposed - to copo with those fires. Sir Langdon has also communicated-with the Rail way Commissioners;. ilrging them to in-, stniat their employes to burn off in flammable material along . their lilies, and to k4ep a sharp! look-out for the escape of sparks. and! embers - from en gines, so as to miniiatse-the'poiibility of bush fires being started, ""in'view of the occurrence every year -of disas trous fires in various parts of the. State it is imperative that lattdbtioW should he paid to- overy possible - im'eanSifot minim J sing the terribTp'-risks to'whicli . country districts are'thus exposed.^. —One million, poundgjsterling. in tim ber alone” is the loss' officentoi *bo. Forestry . ipeparijihent. have : estam ated as being on tho/aperage, aiiniiallc sustained in Victoria-by reason-*of;bush, fires. . As to the-tetafl extefit‘ ofthe . L oiiormouSr. damago tho Statß proxunately accurate fComputation 'js| pcssibh*. - It is only-' -Ahem. a -whoin| countryside is swept by.ffanies, and_-tfipj fruits "of a. year’s,. or.-of - many' years’,’ : iabor T Aro -destrowsd. in' a or "iuiniiraa'Sliat tKe•public Imagination is. lmpressl^iih:n'd th at; Anne 'conception: i* formed. •of rtiie. apalli ng destruction; of property'that takes place.'" Such -was. tlio case in-tlie summer of 1900. when several parts of Victoriaiexperienced the greatest bush fires reported since the; memorable Blacli Thursdayi Tho de vastation wrought in parts of Gippslahd will still be vividly in the Gleniuaggic, Upper Maffra, and Rriagolong districts, tlfree persons were burnt to death, about 60 miles of coun try swept, and live stock, homesteads,. : bridges, and culverts: destroyed.,. . Tbs township of Currajong was almost .'.d.*.-. molished; in the Tambo River country honiestoads, fencing, crops, stacks, air grass; to the value -of upwards cf £20,000, were ruined, and other lis tricts suffered very severely. last year serious havoc was wrought at Hepburn Springs, near Daylesford, and other parts of -the State also suffered severely. In short, each year .a -|imilar tale, more or less, distressing in its de tails, is told. Yet the best methods of securing grass paddocks, ifa-rms, inflam mable bush and homesteads against fire are, or should be, well understood m every part of the State.. Just as .strips are burnt along the railways to- pre vent sparks starting into ignition in dry herbage beside the lines, so should farmers aud other landowners recog nise that they owe it to themselves and to their neighbors to have the boundaries of their properties, as far as practicable, well marked by cleared or ploughed fire-protection zones. Never theless i-ural residents, whilst fully aware that enormous losses might he averted if occupiers of land adopted the most elementary safeguards against fire, cannot be induced to systematic ally and thoroughly grapple with the danger uutil they are actually con fronted with it on the approach of a fire. "Without concerted action and uniform measures, it is almost impos sible to check "the ravages of these ruinous outbreaks. In this respect w-e might learn much from some of the American States, in which certain offi cials in each district are appointed as fire-wardens, whose duty consists in keeping a sharp watch in public in terests against the rush of grass and forest fires. If the herbage in any dis trict should Happen -to be peculiarly liable to a conflagration, the wardens put into compulsory operation certain general precautions, such as the clear ing of protection zones and the‘organ isation of local brigades to cope with such outbreaks as may occur. The law of. this country, of course, goes some way towards general protection, but no law, unless buttressed by individual care and tile adoption of • all possiblo precautions, can remove the. dangers arising from publio callousness. A. stringent law would make little differ ence between the careless and the wil ful starting of a grass or bush fire, for the ultimate result is the same. In this view, magistrates can" have little hesitation in dealing severely with persons whoso negligence or wanton mischievousness has been responsible for outbreaks of fires. A note of warn ing also needs to be sounded as to the great danger of bush fires arising from the use of phosphorus compounds for poisoning rabbits. Evidence has been available- on all sides that, notwith standing the exercise of the greatest' caro .in mixing the poisoning com, pound, some portions of the phos phorus remain und.issolved, with the result that fires are caused... Nor is there any law to compel users to max the compound pro perly, and- "as many owners lay it down in any condition, to satisfy the inspectors, it is clear that a great- deal of poison is laid every year in a highiy. dangerous condition. Greater care in this respect and also in the restriction of the use of was matches during the summer months would go a long way towards checking some of the most pro lific- causes of . bush fires. " Nor can the necessity for the establishment of bush fire brigades be too strongly enjoined. In this Tespect good examples have been set within tile last year or two at Lin ton, .Snake Veil*, Beaufort, and in other parts of tins-.district. The Bush Fires Board which made inquiries and took evidence, laid stress on the . neces sity for this form of organised effort and pointed out that brigades may be well equipped for a start at a small cost, say about £5O. ■ Water-carts, to hold 200 with force pump attachment, which eithef sprays or, throws a jet of. water-a‘considerable distance, are abso lutely essential as their' great value ]in i Ml PP r ossing fires or in connection with the work of burning breaks has been fully demonstrated, as it was notably in l the case of a fire which broke out in file Albury district last year.. One set- I tier expressed the opinion that the fire would have become entirely beyond con ] trol-and swept a large area of that part of .Biverina but for the - effective - -aid rendered by tho .pumps. . Human effort unassisted.: by: mechanical appliances can make very little headway in beating out a fire; but with a tank water on a hose . part and a fire pump water can be played on’the-flames in ,places where a beater could not possibly go. ' Tho dan ger.of bush fir&s; is so recurrent and in evitable, and -.the possibilities of- devas tation and loss so. great, that; brigades should be -.organised -in every, -rural dis trict which is: liable ■■ to tfiese disastrous visitations.. .The-possibilities of-lossthis year, with a harvest nearly approaching a record, exceptionally ' luxuriant ; growth of herbage and with rapidly increasing flockß and herds in the’ pastoral - districts are enormously ■ greater ‘thanvin ;less fa vorable seasons,-.and - call for- the’ utmost care «£■'guarding against'them as far as is' ; humanly possiblo. - iTo this end it is essential that‘due-effect should be given to .the recommendations of the Bush-fires -Board with- regard -to check-’ ing -and, •• drastically punishing ’jcareless nessp'prohibiting.'the use of wax nuitch’ea and . phosphorus in- hot-.- weather," and- afK plying .■ ;an. effective.’ 'form ; of- spaTk , ar-t ■roster to; the '.locomotives;....? - > r i.'h'e, forecast, of'tte" weather ..for-to-day is t-*'sßecoiming-finer. inland,sbut'. shbirery f.andiv'o’ff; fimt,';;;squally j'mAooastaUti’fliff-; trietB?*'soa rpughti efte -rohange;” and / ;to;7t®!o3eofebef,;te'dpa?tOeritve'ut;Adef :laidn:tb^ey.';- r ;,Tliia- miails?wiU v be'Berit' :hy...,kpedaii;train,;an4Uhekl^ferat'jpor; -tiomrtwiU’lie.a^ailablb’fbi^iscri'butioiijtol' ',i-;v3to^Stet^^binefc‘^fSiefititohn6^W; -iriteiTmbnp^endithelfederiU^Cabinet^da iputnioto opet^off-’yester‘flay,find'avstricli twaJtoh; l WM^a^inn= l^heiliotess.-,vfWOne:-';'in:r !Ballafat^Eakt'iwasfcau^t^iiffittlgihgs?iiti ■ptodAy the 'public observed the Act re-; ligionsly, ;and. the"-hdtMs . wererstriotly; clos'edv alt day,-:much - td -the..,setisfaction of .the' attendants, .who' were'ahle tb-take' the.whole daydff, and.' also of; many of; desire-: as much- as'any othar.,t)uaine6B men. tojahako the; day one of .rest.-' --I - : r A return of the cases dealt with at the City Court for the quarter ending 31st December, have been made available by Mr. C. P. Weichardt, assistant clerk of Petty Sessions. On the criminal side there were 138 arrest cases, resulting in 75 convictions; 68 of those being for drunk and disorderly. There were 52 cases against good order, with 43 convic- tions; four cases of assault with two con- victions; and several cases of larceny. Oh the civil .side theretwere;2llvdebt;'i oases, the ' total amount' claimed being*, 1 £ 1454-39 ltd, the amount'- awarded being' ,£1350 : 5s 9d. ' Eleven' garnishee' orders; wore issued, andhriorder for’ ejectment' was m ade; The : atrtendaricedf magistrates for the'quarter was os 'follows—Messrs W. Dickson, P.M., 26;: H.- M; Miirphy, P.M.V 19;. J.-Douglas, 17; .W. Alt A<*eri>n, 16; J. W. Graham, 16; '.J.'J*.; ‘Wilson, 15; J. Al'Kay, 14; D. Cooke, 10; T. Body eombo, 10; G. , K. Cbutts,' J; Ourthoys, F. B. Sides, 8; W. Coltman, Ri Pall a, I 7; m B. George, J. VVhykes, J. Ross, 6; D.-M'Kenzie, 5; A. lit. Greenfield, R.. I Pearee, J. 'P. Sleep, 4; VP. Hurdsfield, T; B. Barry,'2;. J. M. Bickett, ,Wi. Ogilvie, J. D. Wcolcdtt, 1. | Constable Kennedy, of Ballarat East, met with a painful accident whilst on 1 duty dm Saturday morning in Bridge street. .Noticing a: cord hanging: loose from one of the blinds in front of Messis Niohol and Co's.' he: attempted to se i cure it, .when the blind fell, down, and [ striking- him: on the chin, inflicted a ’ severe cut, which necessitated a visit to the Hospital, where three stitches were I inserted in the wound. | Messrs J. K-. Blsworth and W. Robert : son, J'sP., presided at the :Town Court ; on Saturday ''morning, when- the only i business transacted was the granting cf a collector's license. The preacher rit St. Paul's Church last’ evening was the Veil. Archdeacon Tucker; ,He -took for his test "Alatthe’.v lii., 14 and 15, "But--John forbade- his .saying, /I have need-fo.be baptised 01 Thee, and comest Thou to me?' And Jesus answering said, ‘Suffer it to so : now;, for thus it cometh'to ris to fulfil uli righteousness.' Then he suffered him.” Jesus was baptised by John, said the preacher, to show that - 'even He was not too great to. receive that sacrament. ■Some people said it did not matter whether tliay went to. church or not, but not one. man in a thousand, who was a Clu-istian truly believed, so in his heart. When they were baptised they became God's children, and inherited a seat in the Kingdom of Heaven. . Confirmation was a sacrament which was part, of the Christian religion from its - beginning, and was the laying of the-hands on the body after baptism. whereby the spirit of the Holy Ghost entered into it and abode therein. The man who was not thankful to his god-parents for pro mising on his behalf that he would abjure the devil and the lusts of the flesh, .and believe in God arid liis faith; was viler than tongue could tell. In the sacra ment of confirmation,' when he had grown to the use of reason, the young man promised for himself what his god-J parents had promised for him when lie was an infant.,and the influence of that sacrament on after life would be great; and. whether he went .for a sailor or a; soldier, or as , a missionary among the; heathen, the memory, of the promises he I had made on that holy occasion would j strengthen him and enable him to sarry | on his work. • Mr G- F. Holden, ALL.A., has inform ed the Bungareeshire Council that a: special grant of .£lOO has been voted the council by the Government for the main tenance of main roads, council to ex pend a like amount. j For a sample of cool impudence and effrontery the following letter, sent to, Mr Hammond, bookseller, of Sturt street, would be difficult to excel. The letter speaks for itsell—‘‘31—12—190 G. Dear Sir, —You may or may not have noticed. that one of your books has been miss ing since about 11 a.m. this day (Mon-! dny). It was token off your stand in front of your shop, and it shows that [I like your style of-literature: Your shop does instead of a public library. I iritend taking one book every day, and I defy you or the police to find out who it is. I am returning this one. ‘‘The Runaways,”, anu taking another one'. —I remain, yours, No. 160,125.”' Hammond 1 has not yet taken any.action i.ori’ the letter, which was written on a piece of common paper from a note-hook and plentifully bedaubed with . grease. The letter was written in lead'pencil, but the address, which appears to be in a different. hand-writing was in ink. The presiding magistrates at the City Court on Saturday morning were-Messrs H. AL Murphy, P.M.,-and R-. Pearse and T. Bodycombe, .T’s P.. An inebriate was discharged, and a couple of hawker’s licenses were granted. There' was. no other business. The vital statistics of the. City for the quarter just closed, show that, during the term,' 92 males and 91 females were bom. The month’s figures are as fol lows : October; males 39, females 41; November, males 30, females 23; Decem ber, males. 23, femaiss-.27. The death register totals 115. being 91 males and-61 females. The months’ records are— October, malra 33, females 27; November, males 31, females 25; December, males 27, females 12. The aggregates show an excess of births over deaths of males of 1; and of females of 27, or a total excess [ The Opium. Restriction Act seems toj be ■ effectively,, os' according .to; reports received by the- Chief Secretary I from the. police the use of-opium has. greatly decreat ed, particularly I in tho metropolitan district; The reporte-stato that many people who ware 'in the habit jof smoking opium have now given it up. . I Dr Cheny, the Director of Agricul ture, takes exception to the Alelhoume pries comments relative to the alleged decrease in the State’s wheat yield. -He' points out that for the last 15 yeaid there has on' the whole been a steady in crease pßr bushel per acre. ; - The aver-: age for the first five years of that period, from 1891 to 1896, was 6.5 per bushel, the. average for the next five was 17.4, arid, the average for the last five,"for rather four— as this year’s crops are not yet harvested—was 8.75, though these years included tbe.drought years of 1903, when-the average yield was .only 2 tnishels pur acre, whioh of course ecrious 'y reduced the average of the four voars ! as a' whole. ■. This result, * he claims, bears out his general contention that l with:-the increased use of superphos phates'-and improved .methods of wheat j production, .the whole system of cultiva tion' is advancing.. • -Tho reports he- has received - from-' the departmental . field officers- is ' that rust, smut and. take-all are islightly. more prevalent than usual, tint not sufficient to account for'.any -very eerious dimfipiutioa in the- yield. - ' Mr Sawers,: tKe-Government cheese ox. • pert, of . New-' Zealand, "will .attend the . Australian 'Manufactures and _ Products Exhibition,' to be; held hero- this month, and he has-been: invited to bring with him - samples of New Zealand wluto. and' colored cneOse for comparison ivith these in the exhibition. - _ - . V 1 The following-are the successful candi dates ; who'presented;; thffilseivce for- the Conjoint Board examination;: held on-sth and 6th Dooenthfer:-last* i-under. the aus pices of: the Royal Trained Nurses " Association,"at: the' : Alfred . Hos pital, also atJ -' and Bendigo centres:-riNurso3 Beckett, Little john; ;• (AN food Hospital)! Crainer,- Dumphyi;Sfoms,-Beok;;Rdbison,; Steven son,: ' T«miatb,h,;(C!taldreh’B),v. Blamire, Moody.(Golac), Brbwn,'Buchanaii, Elliott; . (GiTunsland), ! Hichardson,, Steele;'' f iWills, Sutheuland (H«moeopathio)', -Kang-fMans field), ABafnes,-: Bemnets;* ■" Cum; moris;::-. Knlaj , viGTeer,‘:irrigram;/: Jenkins, Nash; .'Quinlan.-'(Sri • .Vincent’s),'"Jones, o'Ronrke'(M(Kjroopririi),v:Crossley, , :'PoppIo woll;-.-iutKiemie:E(Balliirot)i'-'Donglas,''H:c(l‘- land' (Morjtxjfough); .Mtafuriglo'(Stawcli), Eohiiujon;.-;: M'Hro/ARphertsAiißadcliffe, , (Beecbwoitt); y , • ,- -w suing six months verid few.-. delegates Ito maied;MmeTOh ? 'AesMiatfirii-''-'Fo'tJbe)i'eld;'in' :Mofoourne3at\thd.Jefidk'qfr r riet{ymodth, ~ c lo6ed:fof’thd:BaUariMrbranch'"with:itKol Booretaxy: I .-and-; the' 1 ;ae>. r oonformigß '’delegatos'r't'SjJffidf. nom«m-'i ;tioris-.«T*as : fpUcn™iS(sfeihiiffee'-(6ix-- to I ,be' ele3g^TOii^»^^ 7Healy|: .Victjinaiillnitea j t /Band : and-' Loch.; .if: C&ldoCoat.;’Victariai -JlMted; -;/Wv; : r /D»Tegates:to’cprifdreneST(s* l tdrbe:elected) ;e-W. C; v :Ti^'-Hrsek«r, : ATicerpreßiaantj .- -'P.'tMjAd6ykTex--pnusidßnfc; .T./dEB cTAwn,' I /BathS'/New r Normaitoy;/. T: -No. .lr'/iTCr' Erablfa,? ..■Woah r Hawp; H . !PJ Grenfell,’ "VVaah ;Bawp -No. r 1; -Tr Hewitt, New l Normanby ,i : T. Boborts, LUmbarris ’Not 2; Tl- Encode, : Llanberris No. T ;SJ; -B.- -CVDeay New No£-.l i manby; TV" Harris,-.North TVoah: Ha/vp ;■; : G;r Attwood, '■ Jubilee; C.- Lee, Jnbilee; r 'T./ Healey, Victoria. ,TJnitedl;—E.^-Hill, ;; fjotith imperial; T; • M.-’Jude, _ Band and ,Eoch; ,C. Prebble; New .NcnananbyAT. -R. L No. 1; ' F:‘SQl'.ier,- Llan- I'.betriß No. 1; ; W. Pearce, New Nonmauby. ballot will, itlake plato during the-, j.glexfc fortnight, • and the results will ;be r iti.ade..o,Tailalb!e /at ithe half-yfearlv:.meet-: l ing, which will-, take- place on .'Saturday, .15th lust.-- -. • -.■■^-■r....,.:..■■...•■■ -. ■> In-view of the largo influx: of-- able bodied: men to the Poseidon /gold-rush, and the absence of a. licensed hotel-: in the locality, it was thought that sly-r, grog selling would become pronounced there. , Superintendent' Kelshll, however, has been mating enquMes;irito tbe mat ter, and he reports that he’can find; no; evidence r sp far, of snoh ilUcit : practice, but he-is. having-, closer ■ enquiries made, into the subject. - Tpe subject of the Her. F. 23. Hurry’s sermon at the Baptist Church,. Dawson, street, yesterday morning was ''Motto > I for the New Tear." There was a Jorge land -interested, congregation. The precchor toot his text from Isaiah xxivV, , 21—"0 Israel, thou snalt not he forgotten ; of Me.” These words, spoken'h? God, said Mu' Hairy, formed'an excellent text,- i they -were words for their encouragement amf strength-. During the year there would came to.many of them’surprises of all kinds; there would come to every one ! of them periods of trial that might fall I like a, thunderbolt, oar might come gradu- I ally. .Tust at those times they would hear God saying, "Thou shait not be forgotten of-Me.” ’ They should let God j-.do with them as He would, they should j live for His gloryv oitd go to Indiat China; -the slums, or the baokblocks of Victoria and Australia for Him., God' would call them to both- sacrifice and'service, I and they must not’hesitate to respond. ■-They should, let God l .possess thorn by I His liolySpirit, and‘if they; did that their I-life would be treverertti calm, and joyous i to . them. - He urged them to keep, the i. motto always before them, and if they ■ did this no matter what their trials might be tliey’wouid always be happy in the knowledge thhti God was with them. A meeting of the common managers was held at the City Hall on Saturday; Mr C. Hamilton presiding. The yearly 'statement showed a credit of .£B2, and the balance sheet was adopted. The herds man stated that the stock ou the com mon had been examined by tho -Govern ment' inspector,, and declared free . from disease. It.was decidtd to send a letter •of condolence to tlio family ot the late Cr Lester, v,'lio was a member of the Bal- larat Shire Council. . In the course of a sermon at the Mount Pleasant Methodist Ghurc-li las,t evening the Kev. Horton Williams made reference to the late Mr. William James, eulogis ing liis many good qualities, and the great work he had done for the church during ■ his many years of. faithful service. The preacher took for his text Kevelation sir., 13—“And I . heard a voice from -ILcavon 6aying unto me write. Blessed i.are the dead tliat die in tiie Lord from i henceforth. Lea, saith the Spirit, that thejp may rest from' their labors, and their work doth follow them." Mr James, said the preacher, wns born at Liskeard, Cornwall, in 182G,and completed his 80th year on Ist December, 1906. He joined i the Methodist Uhurcli in Leland, Corn • wall, and hadl since that time been an | active member. At the age of 20 years i he yielded himself to God, and had never looked back, al\n:ty- willingly holding office and' doing his best for the church. Popularity he never sought, but worked for the love of God alone. In 1885 he came to Victoria, and on the arrival of his wife he settled in Mount Pheasant, and became one of the local preachers, afterwards going to tho goldfields of Durham and Garibaldi Lends, settling tb.ire for some time, wli.ero, the cause of God prospered under his efforts. 110 had many changes, but at no time did he hide -under a bushel or seek to learn - God 'without a witness.. Heturning to Mount Pleasant he made his home there for a second time, and faithfully/ served the church as a trustee, and recretary of tho t:',ust ’for many years. : He continued to preach until feeble . nature ‘compelled him-to rest: -though, lie remained a class teacher until the end. The preacher emphasised the royalty, the high-concep tion of -duty, and the mo:al character always displayed by the deceased; gentle man, and expressed his belief that the seeds of love and Christianity he had planted would bear firiit in the deeds of those to whofa iiis memory would ever remain an example. The Adelaide express on Saturday morn-' ing meir with a mishap to one cf the sleeping curs which necessitated the pas sengers being tunned out shortly after four o'clock, thus having their 6hunbers ruddy disturbed, just before reaching Stawell. It was noticed l that ■ something had gone' wrong with, the nndergear of the carriage. An inspection was made cf the can, which was bumping so much that passengers'were somewhat alarmed, and it was deemed inadvisable to send it any further along the line. 1 it was there fore detached, and the'passengers’ were transferred to ordinal?-, 'cars'to make themselves as comfortable as possible under the circumstances. The train was three-quarters of an. hour late in. arrivin'* at Ballarat. ■ • :Cr J. R. Elsworth, of Bu'larat East lias given notice' of his ihceation to mow’ u - l i th f„n>-'st meeting of the Town Court ed That tlio money made by llie couu-' cil cut of the oixai-air concei t'. held on the-Eastern Uval be spent in the direc- Uon or further improving ihe cranti stand and the ground in front of the stand. , - The Prime Minister hopes to have ready for publication this dv ek the re pues of the -Premiers of ail the States to the communications addr- ssed to them; asking to what exteiit they would bo prepared to co-operate with the Com monwealth in carrying oub.iho immigra tion policy outlined 60ini-» time ago by Mi Dakui. Answers are lriing,awaited froin . tivo of tho Premiers. The .Victorian Lauds Department is nrenaring a immpli ict for circulation in England, with-.the i to,w of attracting ■ immigiants, . rtnd it ha& just .been.decided to. re-nppoint Mr iaicrnor as . Agent General lor auotiur tnreoyeans. -,. Sp.aial nrovision -for setting apart Jand-Mor . British immigrants 13. made 'in- the. - Closer / - Beiliomiin't • ■ Act . Amandment.-Act-passed-lget session. Tho' . jmpressiian '.of the 1 officers- of /thoi-Lands' and Agricnltiiral-vDepartihents isthat" the Victorian '.Govomment -’s -notvgoing -to actively co-operate with tie Gommon ■wealth in respect .to immigration!, but intends to relympon-a-scheme of-ite own to bo carriod out in; Loifflou by ;Mr Taverner. . .Mr G.‘ F. Holden, .ILL.A:, has arrang ed with the Kailway Department for the Ailelaido cxiiress to:stop- at Gordon on the evening of tho 9th inst..- iu order to convenience those attending the ■ Gordon ruocs,; which,will-be held on that date. . The brainless hoodlums,. whoso chief.; idea of humor.appears to bo in breaking fire alarms,hvero 111 evidence again early yesterday morning. ■ lAt about,! o’clock an ■ alarm uas received from Creswick 1 load, and tho brigade mombra-s; on turn- 1 ing out, found that they. had li.-cn .made lhe : victims lof ■ a; sensriess practical joker I fchonld anylof: tho firemen catcb.some’of these; the.latteririlt .have cause I b- danger * and >je,iough at-| tonding-'-' the- 1 - firemon’s'/calling without-! .their:.-i>eing madeithe victims of.-.--false 1 ali.*nns. -:"Mr;Cr'Gilbert.-'of.- cho,City Bri- i gade./ whili-answering ithe . .call referteil /to/on/ lns l |»i c yole,-:hadgthe-misfor.tnue to: skid on some loose metal. -He. aoverely 1 .cut sane of his hauds: aad lmd..tajfet_ii. bandaged./at ; . the^brigade by bis - qom-: tadto. '■ / ‘ -< ' ’ Tim tolloiring cases wqre attended to . at tbe Hospital'during- Satdrdajvnnd yes terday. i-IPi-ed.'. Carr, '■ aged" 21;-i csiding in Glaytxm:streat, .ciit face; caiLf/cxl by a fait offi, a i- Githerine-Arahocy,/.agtd ; 4;: ent’toiwuopbausod'by. aTall pSel ilia Burt, :was - conveyqtl-to . thoTHospital /by •, Con etable^-Sfewar't, and /Cltfgstoni.iwho -found bor-riipSebastopol /streety suffering/ from/ hystefical'-fifs. , y "'V' '-- ' ry-:/Thiyear’s-work' of/the Insolvency: Court iseheaples? nsb' 22l :in~ 1905:. ;ttßei/p-flajts:i;totaH|dSi!yslso;2oo/‘Viajgninst inlrUOSpfhntitlfdiiisetß 'lasby&ar;, '.-totalled 099Sin;-il9<)9litotyn”vl9(K stJi-ei amount 'S’ ins ’P*ployisgS7‘;SlcboArti; i '-derts,-i;J2; rolrt^yf^nfa^i9'i;ii^^ll«ifi, , ' r 6:a,b'ii tellers, ;’,^riyeTB.jen; tnanagers,- no' occupation,: dealers, {.police "yaughtermen/oS^dnraiMt^keeTOrah'fruifc l f; 6hamic!£‘.; agent's/ carpenters/'idrid; dentists, ■S eat*!’ i ? * r r:.- ; Hesrs ■J- .-{Schaefer.-andlJ. Groves, two - members cof ■ the 1 Ballarat Angiers' Club, .journed. to- Emu Greek, at Skip ton, on Saturday,; to . thy l ; their Tuck. with; the rod.: . They had. a .most successful; {day; the' fish bit as freely :;as-. anyone- could desire,'and when they-packed up. for .the returnvjourney they- had- secured' 112 .fish; mostly perch.-; -Borne-of- the fishvweighed upwards of . 2 lb., ■ andi thei-e : wer» none unden half a.poundm weight: ■ This is the best haul recorded for the season. On • Monday- Jast l the - eame. two anglers lifted twenty pounds weight of trout; peroh, and tench from hake Wcndouree. ■ 'The is the title' Of- A new. 'weekly magazine and Australasian literary review published in Sydney by M-r A. -G. - Thp .first . issue comprises sixteen pages/is well printed and illustrated by several .cartoons. Its contents are varied,, well-selected, and in teresting, and the veiii of humor that runs through some of' them imparts an agreeable brightness. A long artic& on “The Australian Cattle Dog, t>y ; a Cham pion Breeder,” is brought-- to an. abrupt and droll conclusion thus rtr"l. have . had some-very, intelligent cattle-dogs. Drovers get into the. habit of- boasting, about their; dogs, I know; still, mine are so good that you couldn't possibly exagger ate.- about them. 1 had a. little reu speckled dog once ——(Lead us nctvinto temptation.—Ed.)” 