J ' , ;.. oA "?? :?: ,? _ L.--A ER-. J. E. EB EBER 30, 1907. t, H W ITICS A RETRO-. HandicaJ . --' A FORECAST. Scow , T. ional history of the re S,,it 'es to be written an S ?ill have to be de ?Act .ngs of the Federal ? r' ig the twelve months :pire. In the'work of . Cae machinery of the new T. Hlh.i :.h' was established A " ? they mark .-the be P. He end:"Many questions o A..' ed of that'would have W. die first Parliament had gr the community not • to the exigencies of ve I and. atoni those still un- mi ;w tie views -of the I :i t of the majority of we Attorney-General- is inj S irg-that a lot of use *n done by himself and \- . wo ld.have attracted ' had its value been lees liffeience between the .aw relating to Bills of to sab?lsurd in their degree differences in coinage erman petty Kingdoms 'on. The variations in die .re are more harassing re -more marked. The ch ti- proposed will cause a th : and expense to an im- an , of the community tot aerto. complained of its igntred. b.by Parliament. m: apr~tment has -also cir- ast ation.Bill and a Marine tel Great care has been in preparation' of these in, they: should both pass Ti I?ty. Matterslike these H g,- and as they have to ex aperial legislation, it is Bc Sale - know that they have lowingl , ,after a comparison of hi s arrived at locally with at Stratfo ioaid of Trade under Mr se Mtaffra . . . .on Newry . ~riff, however, has been. pc Briagoloai . Munro .. niien t, the most arduous, of Hairnsdcale t important work of the th Fernoank .William Lyne had a most WE Bruthen" to perform in carrying of Sarefield -ndate of the country for a ki •Lucknow l e of protection. His fol uninughame not as united as they 01 Orbost... been, and in many cases no .---- articular interests of their ci to outweigh their larger 10 ger e Commonwealth. Others free-traders in disguise, bu . opportuuity for fighting TI f loaf when they saw that : aopetles. sNot among these . ,rcgentative__A regu- y . t at the debates, to which \--- ,ed valuable and informative A : l:ways reliable at divisions, . as acted well up to the ex if his friends, and has sur- -as opponents.. He has been tr 'rue to his ple3ges, and the ne S e press itself had to pay be : willing compliment that he V Ire consistent supporter of nnient policy-upon which a, '" - _ scted-than the Government m \- ithough marred by many a es, 'ahd 'still far from per- A Tariff is a pronounced im- , : up 6 its predecessor, and b ..- g way on the road, of effec S c?ction., There is still plenty . :r the Protectionist party to he: pity is that it does not . alf-a-dozen miiore such trust dherents as Mr Wise. The end " ession was marked by Mr clear and" admirable enuncia ,is policy in regard to the New yn. 'Having secured to manu a market free from unfair i ilon, he moves a step further and explains in the memor ie has issued, his proposals for ' fair: wages -.and hours to the s, "td fair..prices for the con- 1 As members wil --have an .1 of two months in which to c uhis document and prepare their j its, thefe can be no charge of t : it through. If this great work "eved during the ensuing session l ing stone will have been set on \--iifice of- ' trul/ .-protectionist lia. but by no means least, in the questionspartly dealt with this is the vital one of defence. 'again the way has been cleared Deakin's comprehensive speech. ery reason worth considering our ,, n of defence should have been -lished and in full woiking order re now. Having entered the tion with the ideal of living \- parties were agreed to main -sre wasr the clearest obligation C? mmonwealth to make itself Srepel invasion. But expediency S..,ed the road and nothing was done. has remained for the Prime Minister : take the matter in hand, add he has -ne so with characteristic enthusiasm I1 thoroughness. The year 1908 .l--~- ld be a busy and fruitful one in ,deral politics. In addition to the subjects we have detailed above, there remain the appointment of a High Commissioner, the settlement of the Federal Capital site, the taking over Sof the State Debts, and a Federal Old Age Pension scheme. If tlese ques tions be settled the present Parliament will have earned for itself the reputa tion of having accomplished more work than any of its predecessors, and will \\. ~,esrv -the thanks of Australia.; There will be no issue of the Gipps land "Times"' on Thursday next. Theannual Farmers' Excursion is advertised fr January 23rd. i . Rudyard Kiiling, poet and novel ist is 42 years of age to- day. 'i'raralgon have had, three inches of rain since Thursday. The excursi 'Sts by the Omeo to "T Lakes Entrance oahursday had a bad lan day. The atmosp S- in the river he after leaving was stifling 'ld a smooth men trip across Lake Wellingtot'lrs looked wee for. The Lake, however, proadkto be T very rough, and a good percentena.of foil the passengers were sea-sick; thius -rai discomfort being added to by hot wind.. I Several ladies fainted, and nearly '. collapsed altogether, but fortunately ni Nurse a'Peckett was on board out for ma a holiday, and her services were very the kindly given. A case of measles also t, developed on board, and to add to all the troubles, the stock of liquor-ran tol out by eleven o'clock, the caterer having wofully misjudged the demands of thirsty holiday seekers. At Cuning- hi hame, when the boat arrived the ther- Tb mometer registered -102 in the shade, and those who went ori shore found ral that the blazing heat from the sand at -destroyed all their dreams of a cool cha day by the seashore. There was- a general feeling of relief when Sale was wa reached shortly after ten o'clock. ben Wednesday and Thursday will be ob- fel served as full public holidays in Sale. A The name of Mr A. F. Rice was in- bui advertently omitted from the solicitors hou annual' holiday -advertisement appear- qua ing in our last issue. - . A Archbishop Clarke. sails for Engla'nd Wa on Tuesday, 7th January. - -. was S-It has been decided Athat 'Druce's nig grave is to be opened. . -A wireless telephone hiis been in- dal vented which will send messages 25 on miles. -- Ba A young man named Harry Jones was-seized by a shark. whilst sea bath- was ing at Sydney. -His mutilated body he was-recovered next day. wa" The Bairnsdale .police "received a los telegram 'to the effect that Edward Comley had been arrested'near Cassilis I for "administering poison with intent the to murder" John. Hickey, of Tongio pea West, who has fortunately recovered. chil Miss Dylas Atwood, of Bairnsdale, of died last week.- . 1 In the half-yearly distribution to Sat charities under the Felton bequest, the Bairnsdale Hospital receives £10, and 'the Gippsland Hospital £20. The colt total amount allocated is £3,500. Sev . The Victorian marriage rate is abnor mally-low- according to the Government statist. Protection and the new pro- lat tection may cause suchzan improvement dri in conditions as to raise the rate dur- A ing 1908. be - . . e We regret,to,?ecord that-Mr T. M. T Hamilton, proprietor of Ensay Station, of eixpired suddenly on his yacht on wa Boxing Day. The deceased gentleman. had was returning from Cunninghame to inc his home at Paynesville, when he was me stricken down. Mrs Hamilton and at several members of the family were p.r on the boat at the time. It is sup- b posed that heat apoplexy was the cause to of death. Deceased was President of ran the Omeo Agricultural Society, and Chi was generally highly esteemed through- dip omit the district owing to his genial kindly nature. , hen It was 105 in 'the shade at the Sale the Observatory on Boxing Day, and the opi north wind blowing all day brought to clouds of dust. A change came about 10.30 p.m. In Melbourne on Christ mas Day the shade reading was 105, the but Horsham took the cake with 113. for The Government astronomer says it ge was the hottest Christmas on recore. ~t, Lieutenant-Colonel F. G. Hughes, Wo YD. has beer-transferred -from the 11th A.L.H. to be Colonel,-and to comm'and 4th L.H. Brigade. r The snap- shot camera, if admissable as evidence, will, according to a con tributor play an important part in the next big divorce case. This time it will be amongst what is recognised as real Victorian society, w1'ithout shoddy. Mr Baraccni retires from his position wa as weather prophet in Victoria to- c morrow, and will henceforth confine his we attention to his duties as Government Astronomer of Victoria. The meteuro logical depaztment is to be taken over in by the Federal' Government. A gigantic bushfire occurred at Bru- th then on Thursday, and swept over hun- 60 dreds (-f acres of grass,- and'destroyed miles of fencing. It-was only by hard So fighting that several homesteads were 50 saved. The fire is believed to have la been started by someone burning scrub. ar A child aged five years tried to kill a snake at Bombala, whichbit him, and She diel on Christmas Day. ' r While engaged in training a horse at 0 \- Alberton one morning last Wveek, says rthe "Chronicle," the son of Mr G. e Collis, junr., met with an accident \- through colliding with a cow. The lad ci n was thrown, and sustained a-broken o collar bone. The cow was badly in- n r jured, but the horse escaped without f damage. F k Mr James Simpson, who last year . purchased Mr IY. Hammill's threshing n machine has finished threshing about S300 acres of his own crops, including r wheat, oats and barley. His machine e pulled in to Mr A. Maclachlan's on Fri s day, and from there goes on to Mr . Coto's. d A' new theatre is to be erected in j Russell- street, Mlelbourne, to seat two r thousand people. The stage will be Sthe la:rgest in Melbourne. r Th Wallace Divorce case is expected e to fisish this evening. The expenses of Sthe case will be in the vicinity of £5,000; STho Borough Council have decided to have a thousand copies of a Board of Health circular re hydatids printed, and circulated amongst the ratepayers. er In connection with the No. 2 Light ' as Horc;e School for the 4th L.H. Brigade I n to be held :at]Flemington from 29th 18 Jancary to gth February 1908, names in of olficers and nori-coms. desirous of se attending should be forwarded to the re Regimental office before Friday next. ch It is hoped that horses will be taken s6 ae that drill and traininig can be carried er out without ropes, . Id Messrs Connelly, Tatchell and DI-' lop, acting on behalf of the Rev. H Woirall, have issued: a Supreme Court a- wri; against th '.'Argus'" claimin rk £10)0 damages for alleged libel. The ill casc will probably come on for hearing in Mlelbourne early,-in the new year. The alleged libei is cos~ltised?'i a rel 5- per; of a speech delivered by Mr J. Praed, general secretary of the A;M.A. in :onnection with the Virginia mine locl:out, when he condemned Mr Wor rall for then ailegations he had made 1- against miners in coninectidn wit~i' gold stealing. : . of " There will be no pig sale at Mathie son and Davis's to-morrow. • The.man who was sent to'the Gipps land Hospital from theSale gaol, where he was on remand from Orbost for medical treatment, died "during the week. The extreme heat of Thursday was followed on Friday by a good steacd' rainfall at Sale, and by seven o'clbck *o' the evening 84 points were recordedl. h's--then until 9 o'clock on Saturday mo, t another 117 points. frli, making points altogether. (The thermomet,.,,l over 50 degrees i the two days. On Saturday mo. - Moun Welling ton was covered witinlenu ' Mr Richard Brand, Stradbroke, lost his orchard, fencing an xxxx on Thursday by fire. The special train .from Saleto ralgon on Wednesday will leave at 10 a.m. Holiday fares will be charged. The rainfall on Thursday and Friday was very general, all parts of the.State benefitting. Four and a' half. inches' fell in Melbourne during the 24 hours. At Neerim South Mrs Collins' farm buildings, were destroyed by fire. The house was saved with difficulty. A quantity of chaff was destroyed. A house occupied by Mr C..Rees, of Walhalla, and owned by Mr Spargo, was burned- to the ground on Thursday night. The'house was insured for £80. Wilfred Cotterill, 13 years, of Bairns dale was kicked on the head by a horse on Friday.. He was operated on at the Bairhsdale Hospital, and is improviing. Thomas Horan, aged 32' years, was cutting willows at Fernbank, when he cut three toes off his foot. He was taken to the Bairnsdale Hospital, where he lies suffering severely from loss of blood. Water was being sold at the sports on the Friendly Societies Ground" at one penny per glass. It is stated that children were partaking of the waters of Lake Guthridge. Mr Alberto Zelman, senr. the veteran musician, was found dead in bed on Saturday morning at Auburn. Numbers of cattle and sheep died of cold at Digger's Rest on Friday night. Several cases have been reported at Sale. Thee. B. Littleand Co. will sell the late Mr R. Bushe's furniture and sun dries at 1 o'clock next Friday. At Maffra 274 points of rain have been registered since Thursday. The annual meeting of shareholders of the Sale Steamboat Coy.,' which was to have been held on Friday night,. had to be adjourned on account of the inclenient weather. The adjourned meeting is advertised for-Friday next at the Manchester Unity Hall, -at 8 p.m. Mr Robt. Gilder had the minisfortune to have two . of his high priced prize rams poisoned a few days before Christmas through their drinking sheep dip. In considering a report by the local health officer as to the septic tank at the brewery, one of the councillors opined that the microbes got too drunk to do their work. The Council complained to three rate payers of the conduct of their sons at the baths. One replied that he had forbidden his boy to go to the baths again, while another said he had "taken the stockwhip" to his son. Wonder if he used it? 