PAT LACEY'S £5 OR "HERETIC DOG" VERSUS "REVEREND "FATHER. I (Sketched from life.) By G. W. PAYNE. "Sure thin, 'tis burnin' beyaut the whate?'r The exclamation, fiercely interrogative, burst from the partially dressed farmer, aahe sprang with blinking, Bleepy eyes to the side of his wife, whose startled outcry had" roused him from slumber. The crimsoaingT east heralded the early sunrise, and pre-. saged another lurid summer day. One o» two neighbours were hurrying across thenearest paddocks, attracted by that ominous glare, and the smoke and crackle of fire, which had provoked the. woman's out-- . cry. "It's the wheat itself, Patsey;" responded.. • the woman sadly. . There was no gainsaying this fact, and- ^ with an objurgation half defiant and wholly desperate, the farmer rushed back to. complete his scant toilet ere hastening to fightthe blazing destruction. "Put on your coat, Patsey," and the woman- . seized him b$r the shirt-sleeve aS he attempted to pass. "Heaven knows, we don'twant a funeral, and that cotton shirt would - J blaze in a moment" ® / A suspicion of the rich Irish brogue lin- / gered in her accent, though, native-born as> I she was, her speech bore few traces of her- / descent. The oval features and blue, laugh- / ter-loving eyes, and crown of dark tresses, J proclaimed her Celtic origin to the obser- / vant But there was little of laughter in I her eyes at that moment, their outlook was I too near to tragedy for that. Anxiety lest". - 5 the impetuous temperament of her mate- ./ should lead to some disaster in his coming' / conflict with the red fury, even then licking' / up their precious wheat-crop, and threaten- / ing to overwhelm their humble homestead,. I filled her eyes with foreboding misery. ■ / That ten-acre patch of early sown wheat / meant so much to them. All the late- sown / crops had perished. Their slender herd of / milkers, "dried oft" to give them a chance,- / were perishing one by one under the dread- i ful drought which afflicted them. All along: / the Cudgegong a similar story was being re- /. peated. A stealthy bush-fire creeping down- I a gorge from the rough .back-country, had, j. during the night, leaped upon their ripened'/. wheat. Grass, scanty, but dry-as tinder, / ' . stood ready to help the devouring element? • ' . across intervening spaces to the stubblejl • fields and homesteads beyond. ' Soon an, j . army of volunteers, drawn by common perl/ from near and far; were beating back tie line of fire, and the smoke-fog, trailing evF ... .^ more heavily down the river-course proclaimed their, success. But Pat Lace's wheat paddock, fire-scarred, blackened, iitf smouldering, told of the fanner's defeat/as begrimed and exhausted, he flung himlelf beneath the nearest shade- tree to rest./ "Come to Phelan's and have a dipnk, Patsey;" called a passing neighbour. / For a moment the temptation was pong: upon him. He was not only despa'ately f. .. thirsty and spent, but mentally deposed and dejected. A year ago he woult havegone. to the public-house with alacrity to- 1 drown his trouble In a drunken spne. Today he hesitated. He had not tasttf liquor' since the night on which, whilst / driving home from Mudgee, under the inmence of drink, he had overturned the vehlde, crushing their two-year old babe to'daith. Over tho coffined body of that innoceit he had1 vowed never to pass the public-louse door again, and so far had-kept to Ms resolve. Stifling the present temptation, jlnd muttering huskily something about work waiting,. he rose and left hurriedly toJ his homeOther sympathisers would reney the invitation, and he would not trust iimself just then. - I His way lay out along tip main.mail' , route between distant Capertie and Mudgee, but away from the public-house near: the river crossing, so that smoke-begrimed',. neighbours, thronging thirstily thitherward,, were left behind, at every stride. He wfishurrying onward with moodj gaze bent up- ! on the roadway, when hisj attention way . caught by a crumpled and much-folded-pel- < let of paper, upon which lis foot had - at-.' most trodden. Mechanically he picked it "Howly Saints!" V ^ He had stopped now, m the middle of tte roadway, for the paper pellet opened into th« , f ?\\. Tbere was no question as ■ ^e^rt ',f Sh Ul® bewlIde^d farmer seemed unable at first to realise it .la5a£n.PriCe0ttheWhate!"',le e3acu" heTd ?°USht led hlm t0 the tr°nt■ but no P°sslb!e owner of thei find was in view, m fact, the owner. ' • toe nthtSy ?, '• hSd riMen during toe night and was even then drinking himdrunk at the Ilford hostelry, miles nJ°hf T r°ad' iD WissfuI consciousness of his loss. A glimpse of his wife, gazing f°f °"sly„^Iter tbe moving figures drifting towards Phelan's pub.," sent the Irishman hurrying up the track to the house-front. She ' KW,th reiief ^ his approach, and smiled, bravely, making light of their loss, though none knew better how much that meant. 'There's bacon and potatoes left, Pateey even if the wheat has gone," she Bald cheerfully. They had killed and cured two pigs durtag the winter, and a half-acre of potatoes in the river bond assured them at least of E0™e food until the drought broke. Sure, thinv but the price of the whate is as good as the whate ahny-day, darlint," exclaimed the Irishman, flourishing his find In the face of the astonished woman. „ . Set°it?"PatSey! 18 it? Where dld you "'Tis a foive-pound note, that's pwhat it is, me darlint;" and the lively Irishman danced a jig round his wife. ."But is it yours, Patsey?" "Sure, thin, 'tis no wan's else. Ah! but it's Providence knows how. to' thrate an lionesfc mahn. Sdre. 'tis the price av the whate an' no ra^jin' nor harvest to pay " Further interrogation and explanation having satisfied the woman's scruples as to ^ her husband's rights in his treasure-trove she readily adopted his suggestion concerning the benevolent Providence which had thus compensated theil- loss. Ere sanrise next day, with the precious piece of paper securely hidden in the bosom of her dress, ■.■/Pat Lacey's wife was -driving towards the distant town, that its valua might be obtained in flour and other household neces^ saries. A large pile of buildings at one «nd of the main thoroughfare marked the , centre , of business favoured most by those of her own faith. Its proprietor was brother-in-law to the senior church dignitary, and priestly authority more than business energy accounted for the numerous clientele of Romish persuasion concentrated there. •At the opposite extreme was a thriving cash-store, owned and operated by a vigor , ous Protestant, who had a reputation for giving good value for cash received. Pat Lacey's frugal partner, despite her awe of the priest, not infrequently found her way .. . to the' Orangeman's store, and, taking advantage of the fact that this centre of :. trade stood first in her approach to the town, . made her way thither on the present occa. slon. Having secured her horse and vehicle in a friendly yard near by, the woman pass-" • ed round to the shop-front, feeling quite rich, • as she drew the precious piece of paper from her bosom. Loitering, as women are ■ /wont, round the windows with their tempt/ ing display, she fondly reckoned whatmlght be added to the bare necessities which must ■ ■ first be purchased. "Phwat are you doing here?" \ The angry emphasis upon the pronoun, • • and the familiar voice of the priest, so scared the woman, that she could make no . xeply, as she started guiltily to confront his ecowling visage. Instinctively, the hand clutching her •■lonejr was buried in the folds *A her skirt "Your, plao'.-; is up there," hissed the priest, indicating the direction of his rela' five's store, and suppressing his voice as he glanced keenly into the open door of the office near by; "How dare the lolkes av you to come to ■ the store of a heretic dog?" ; "X was only looking at the windows, your Teverence," faltered the woman. "Only looking! And you couldn't look aanywhere but at-the windows of a dirty Orangeman. And phwat about your dues? I'll taake thlm now. It will, saav.e. calling at the presbytery." I've no change, your reverence," faltered the woman, dreading in her heart what' might follow. "Pwhat' h^ve' you got?" "Only a five-pound note, your, reverence. Ill bring your reverence the dues when I • get It changed." "You'll do nothing of the kind. I'll cbaange It for you." And the priest held out an imperative hand. "With reluctant foreboding of ill the woman placed the note oh his palm'. Swiftly -. passing it from right to left the priest slipI»d It. Into his pocket "There, I have chaanged it from right to jeft." And, smiling at the woman's dlscomflture, the .priestly robber passed on his way, secure in that superstitious reTerence lor his office which prevented all attempt nt reprisal upon the part of his victim. The ■' latter gazed helplessly after his receding fonn. Then the bitter disappointment of it all, the long drive, her own eager antlci[ pations, the expectant group awaiting her j return, overwhelmed her, and she burst Into tears. ! "Come in here, Mrs. Lacey." The voice came through the open doorway, and the kindly face ot the proprietor appeared from behind the high desk, which had hitherto hidden him from view. Glad 1 to escape from publicity in her distress, the fanner's wife entered the friendly shelter. "I heard it all, Mrs. Lacey," continued the storekeeper. "Go through and take £5 worth of anything you like. If you should never be able to pay, I shall not grieve. I know you will, if you can. But' take what you need and don't worry over it. A 'heretic dog' and 'dirty Orangeman' happens to possess a truer heart than , your "reverend father.'" And Pat Lacey's wife dried h^r tears, and took back to her humble home, not only the much-needed supplies, but such an objectlesson on an Orangeman's kindness, In contrast with priestly avarice and hardness, as ■he never forgot. 