PERIPATETIC WANDERINGS. BY LAN A. During the past few days I have revisited many interesting places in the north-west, including Attunga. From there I was driven towards the hills. But it is a remarkable fact that in the whole of the length and breadth of New England country there are always good patches of land to be found amongst the mountains. Those round Attunga are cer tainly not very high, but several of the high est of them look, at first glance, poor coun try. it is only when you are amidst them that their peculiar character strikes you. You climb up rocks and boulders and admire the grand timber trees, and several of the flower ing shrubs, but wherever a plant can get a foothold there it grows luxuriantly, and on looking carefully on the ground you notice that the soil is, invariably a rich loam. As soon as the top of the bill is reached this soil becomes deeper, and where uncleared, the vegetation is very thick. When this country is ringbarked and the shrubs killed, a thick coat of grass, only suitable for cattle at first, takes possession of the ground, and, na turally, the carrying capacity of the land is i greatly increased. As soon as the rough feed has been eaten down it is a good plan to stock it heavily with wethers. They will eat what is left, and help to clean the coun try, and also sweeten it. The result is that different grasses will appear in time, and the country becomes suitable for sheep. I saw a selection which embraced one of these hills, and was astonished at the transformations of the land, and no longer wondered why people took up New England mountain country. The best timber, was left intact, but the useless trees were killed. The reason why all the white box was left is that the owner is an enthusiastic bee-farmer, and * he considers that the white box gives the best-flavoured honey. Not being a connoisseur I am unable to endorse this, but the honey from it that I tasted was certainly very fine flavoured. On his land at the foot of the hill he has another j bee-farm, and there he has planted the pepper | tree, another good tree for bees. He intends i to sow some acres with white mountain sage, a variety which gives the name to the Cali fornian Sage honey, which commands a high price in the United States. The bee-farmer in question, Mr. James Bro gan, has built a fine bee-house on top of the mountain, replete with every convenience. On the lower selection, however, is where the bulk of the work is done. He has invented one or two appliances which have met with great approval in America. I was watching a number of the small, black ants very busy about some of the hives, but he tells me that they are doing good, since they are the enemy of the bee-moth, and they confine themselves to killing these only. Mr. Brogan makes good vinegar out of honey. He is rather handi capped by the cost of carriage of his honey to Sydney markets, but, as a rule, he has no trouble to get rid of what he produces. He has about 200 hives on the mountain farm alone. IN THE COAL COUNTRY. My next visit was to a place some few miles from Abermain, in the Maitland coal country. Prom West Maitland a company-owned rail way runs to Cessnock, 17 miles, and at Aber dare, it junctions with another line to Stan ford-Merthyr, nine miles. Along the whole route, except for about a mile from the start ing point, the track touches coal mines, and the country is rather interesting. The timber ' met with consists of ironbark, spotted gum, grey gum, apple, forest oak, turpentine, stringy-bark, peppermint, box, and mahogany. Bracken fern, kangaroo,. couch, coarse ribbed, tussocky, cutting, and some soft swamp grasses are the main fodder plants that cover the ground. Of the shrubs I counted no less than 11 varieties of wattle, one of them known by the name ' of 'Native Cat.' Wild cherry and wild currant bushes are plentiful. Wherever the timber has been thinned out, and is available for selection, it is quickly taken up by the miners, some of whom have gone in for dairy ing, but so far very little of the land has been put to its best use. Here and there can be seen patches of cultivation. In my opinion the best use the thinned-out country can be put to would be dairying and fruit growing. The soil is to a large extent good sandy vegetable loam. The main in dustry, outside of coal-mining, yet intimately connected with it, is timber-getting. The in discriminate felling of immature trees for mine props has been going on for years, and nothing has been done to replace them. I do not know what the outcome of the Forestry Commission will be, but this I must say, that no condemnation can be too severe for the culpable neglect of this and previous Go vernments in allowing this state of things to exist. Mines must have props, sleepers, and other timber, but because it happens to be plentiful in a certain direction, there is no reason why it should be allowed to be cut \- down without any restriction. It is difficulty to make everyone understand the gist of the timber question, but anyone who understands it will re-echo my exclamation of 'Shame,' when travelling through the forests. One pe culiar instance I noticed of the growth of certain timbers is that wherever the box pre dominated it was found growing in narrovv but long strips, and in these strips very little other timber or shrubs grew. What the Go vernment should do now with the country that Is not already taken up is to reserve a cer tain area for a plantation, the balance to be thrown up as homestead areas, with the con dition that all good timber trees shall be left intact; the land to be available only to miners living in the vicinity.. There is enough country available to settle hundreds of. miners on it, and if preference was given to married men, it wotild solve to a large., extent the strike problems. Once a man founds a home and rears a family in it, he thinks twice be fore he sacrifices them to a principle of straw. The selector whose home I visited was a coalr miner, and I accompanied him back to the pit where he was working. Whilst waiting there for his shift to come on I saw over 200 other miners congregate, including many young men, and the language current was shocking. ON THE ROAD TO STROUD. I was booked to visit a place on the road from Raymond Terrace to Stroud. So I hired a vehicle at West Maitland for the purpose. After passing East Maitland I came into forest country. The surroundings differed from the coal country I had just left. Blood wood, red gum, brown peppermint, swamp mahogany, iron-bark, stringy bark, and a little blue gum were the predominating tim bers. But the only scrub I met with was ti tree. At about 53 miles from West Maitland I the country changed. And it is a wonderful change. I had entered Miller's Forest. Flat country for miles around, fields upon fields of lucerne, comfortable, and, in some in stances luxurious, farmhouses, haystacks galore, and in the distance the smoke of the steamers as they went up and down the Hunter River to bring stores, etc., and take away thousands of bales of lucerne, potatoes, and hundreds of cans of cream. The sight was an exhilarating one. Raymond Terrace is much like other coun try towns, except that it enjoys a quietness and serenity absent from the others. I took the road to Stroud, up hill and down dale, for some miles, and then once more I entered forest country. Most of the trees were as straight as an arrow, and I met teams carry ing logs of blue gum, spotted gum, and swamp mahogany. The forest on each side of the road looked very sombre, and only in one or two places did I see any animal life, in the shape of cattle. Yet every acre of the country not reserved was long since taken up. About nine miles on the road I struck a good farm, my destination. The owner, Mr. Ralph Wile, is a coal-miner employed in one j of the A. A. Company's pits, but. his son looks after the farm. Dairying, corn-growing, and bee-farming are the industries from which Mr. Wile makes a good living. Although his selection is only 256 acres in extent, it has over 4J miles of fencing on it. Two acres were under sorghum and corn, and 41 acres were being cleared for the same crops, with lucerne added. To thoroughly clear !the heavily-timbered land means a large expendi ture. Fully 200 acres have been ringbarked. The soil is a rich black loam on the lower ground, and partly black, red, and sandy loams on the higher ground. Paspalum and cocksfoot grasses have been sown in all places where the timber has been burnt, and the growth has been remarkable. There Is a nice little herd of about 30 dairy cattle on the place, and as soon as more bij.rning-off has been done, the herd will be increased. The milking, cow, and calf yards, as well as the covered-in milking bails, nave been built solidly. The owner intends to give up his occupation of coal-miner, and devote his time to further improving the farm. He is the only one in the neighbourhood that is making a proper use of the land. He has wisely left clumps of timber here and there as shade for the stock. Last year he unfortunately lost the majority of the beehives in a big bush fire. In one other instance I saw an initial at tempt to put the land to proper use, in the shape of burning-off timber, but it was on a* wasteful scale, for the trees included a num ber of those useful for fencing and building purposes. Some of the burning trees tfere close to the fence, and there was certain to be a smash when the top of the trees came down. The land would, however, be greatly benefited by the clearing, as it was of a rich composition. Dairying no doubt will become the main industry of the district, but the grade of the cows will need to be much im proved before they will return a good profit. Only in a few instances from East Maitland to my destination did I see the right stamp of dairy cows. What disgusted me more than anything regarding the meinods adopted by some of the farmers was to see dozens of cows, as poor as crows, feeding on the roads, while on the other side of the fence lucerne and dther crops grew luxuriantly. The^o methods, which prevail in many parts of the State, are at present the grfeatest blot on our dairy industry.- On my return 'to West Maitland I mentioned what I had seen to one . who takes a great interest in the industry. He told me that fully 70 per cent, of the farm ers were behind the times, and that all efforts to remedy the existing state of things had ended in failure. An improvement will come only with the young generation. A recent Consular report shows that a de crease in German meat consumption of1 over 221b per head has taken place between 1901 and 1905, and that the annual consumption in 1905 was about 1001b. In spite of the de creased consumption, the higher prices pre vailing at present would necessitate an an nual expenditure of £3 more than in 1901 for a family of five persons. A Dresden Consul provides a list of the prices paid by him per sonally for different supplies in Dresden:— Pork 'and mutton chops, Is 2d per lb; roast beef, Is lOd; veal cutlets, ham, bacon, steak, chicken, turkey, and butter, from Is 6d to 2s per lb. On paper it looks like a splendid market for Australia, until we remember that the restrictions are so severe that it is prac tically impossible to send meat to that coun try oversea. It is simply the German me thod of doing things. 