: -HOT It- M- G0.RBENT-:EV6NT8. The 'Goulburn- Herald' has been at pains to show that the billet of a mem- . ber of Parliament in somewhat more luc rative than is generally supposed. It points out that £300 per annum is only the nominal salary,- because as the mem ber has to work only half the year, the rate is obviously £600. Even this, how ever, does not' represent, the full honora stead of working a week, he does so. for half; instead of eight hours the sittings'' average about five; and instead of attend ing every sitting, the member attends per haps one or two; and takes holidays whenever he pleases; he has travelling by \ ^ rail and tram free; stationery, newspapers, library, reading-room, and magazines. Fig uring- this out, it will: be found that a seat in the Assembly is directly worth about £2500 a year without taking - into account the very considerable advertising it . affords, nor the honour and considera tion which is involved. In addition to all this there is each member's proportionate share of the . rental value of the grounds and buildings, of the cost of maintaining them in good order, of the salaries of offi cials, including the Hansard staff, and vari ous minor matters; When this is taken ac count of, it will scarcely be an ? rnati- to say that a seat in the Assembly is worth £3000 a year, or £400 more than the salary of a judge of the. Supreme ? Court.' This is bad enough, but the Goul burn' paper is cruel enough to add the query, 'Is he worth it?' \- o o o o 8 ' Now, I'm not going to answer conun drums of this sort. This is holiday time, and such brains as one .possesses may be devoted to purposes of more obvious practical utility than estimating the pe cuniary value of a member of Parliament. The question' really calling for answer seems to me an entirely different one. Here; we have an Act of Parliament de claring that a candidate for election to Parliament must not exceed £100 in his ? election expenses. Hemay have to devote a couple of months to .travelling a thou sand miles, he. may . have to advertise in a.' dozen newspapers, to hold' a/score of/pub lic meetings in as many hired buildings, besides- employing' paid' scrutineers in over eighty tr polling- places— -to. say nothing of a hoBVof other c inevitable ^ minor expenses. I have foil a lcsgg.lime been anxious to know how he ^canjdp it for the. money,,' and. it seems to, me that .there: is one all-sufficient reason why he can't^dcy-it. :A man was' l once backing a. horse to trot two miles inv a -minute, and a half. An expert told him' the thing was impossible. Asked for a reason, he said, 'There is only Teason. The distance is too ? great for so short a time.' On the same principle, I am pre pared to assert- that inu limiting tlffe exes to £100 the law is a 'hass,' because the - money's too small' for so big a job. After reading the 'Goulburn .Herald,' however, I find ; another; question.; cropping up: 'If the billet is worth £3500 ; .per annum, why should the expenses be- limited to £100?*', Every competitor in ^.ahvAibury Cup meet ing :has to pay 3 \pi-r cent, for each event contested. Ca;h: it be that they are going to bring the. entrance money for the Parliamentary sweepstakes down tor the level of 'a paltry nack race? A RiverinU newspaper lays claim to the discovery that No. 7 is in various ways, more wonderful than any other num ber. The paper says:— 'The ancients counted 7 planets, 7 primitive colours, 7 savors; and 7 odors. There were 7 won ders of the world, 7. wise men of Greece, and 7 solemnities for the games of the circus; 7 generals had been destined for .the conquest of Thebes. Nearly all people have divided time into periods of 7 days; certain theologists have substituted for the 7 days of creation 7 successive crea tions. There are 7 notes in music, and for a long time chemists counted only 7 metals. ? ? ?? ? ? o « ? . « ? I challenge the claim of superiority for number seven, on the , ground that lots of other numbers have equal claim to notoriety. Take No. 3, for example, There were three Graces. There were also three Furies. Railway passengers in Eng land nearly all ride third class. Three shillings is the price for admission to the dress circle at the circus. One, two, THREE ,- and 'Off she goes' is the generally accep ted formula for starting a pedestrian com petition. Three to one is frequently laid by bookmakers against a horse which has no chance of winning. Then again, what's the matter with No. 9? Reverting again to the classic mythology, there were Nine Muses. In the Arabic system of notation there are nine digits. A short-lived sur prise is referred to as a nine-days wonder. According to a popular, if slightly libellous, adage, 'Nine tailors make a man.' Last, but not least, there are NINE MEMBERS IN THE ALBURY BOROUGH COUNCIL. a o o a « The 'Esperanto' craze seems to be spreading. It numbers its votaries by tens of thousands, all of whom are- expending ' much valuable time and labour in acquir ing a new language which, when all is said and done, will not be as good as the old languages— which, indeed, cannot be re garded as comparable scientifically or.Jn point of euphony with any of the existing ' tongues. ? If there is to be a universal language why should not English or French be adopted? I ??will, not suggest German, because, unless, a. .person is biok en in young to that language, he cannot hope to do justice to its gutturals, and the student is apt to go off his chump in his efforts to connect the nominative and the verb even in an ordinary. German sen tence not exceeding two hundred words. But better even than modern languages are the 'dead languages. For all the pur poses of verbal oi\, written communication, what's the matter with Latin ? ' This, is al ready the language of science, and it has the further advantage that most educated people ? have some slight familiarity with its grammar and vocabulary. Any apothe cary in a civilised country can make up a Latin prescription, but one may weir shud der to reflect what . might happen when chemists' assistants start to deaf with a prescription written in Esperanto for, say, a strychnine mixture. LIPPON DAIRN. The River; — The Murray yesterday was 3ft. 9in above summer level i 'Banner' Almanac. — With.- this issue all \- subscribers will receive the 'Banner' Al manac for 1907. Brocklesby Rainfall. — A correspondent informs us that the . rainfall at. Brocklesby for 1906 was '24 inches 53. points. The Hume Shire. — The Hume has been proclaimed a first-class shire, .entitling it to -a subsidy of 1/6 in the £ on the rates collected. Auctioneers' Licences. — At the local court on Wednesday, auctioneers' licences -were granted to Messrs. Henry Farrell and Jorgen Petersen. Sale of Town Freehold.— Messrs. C. L. Griffith and Co. have completed the sale of 'Concordia,' Olive-street, residence of the late Mr. H. Griffith, to Mr. Horsfield. Gippsland Herbage. — From Mr. Fuller, late of ? Albury, we have received a sample of the grass grown at Mirboo .North, ? Gippsland. The sample, which is a remark ably fine one, is on view at our Dean-street office. To Clergymen.— All notices for the Church Services - column must reach this office on Wednesday. Every ; week some no tices - come to hand after the column is printed, when, of course, insertion is im possible. Important to. Landholders.— All persons, liable to be rated under the Pastures Pro tection Act, inay be reminded of the neces sity of sending in returns of their land and stock on or . before 10th inst. Neglect .in this respect may entail a fine of £20 on the defaulter. The Children's Literary Competition.— In the names of prizetakera in the child ren's competition, published on the Child ren's Page, a mistake occurs. The name of one of the winners — Horace Nelson — is printed Horace Wilson. The error was discovered too late for correction ' in the proper column'. : The prizes were posted last evening, and should reach the recipients to-day. ? .''.?'??. Extraordinary Accident to a Horse.— Our Tarrawingee, correspondent writes: — I heard of a peculiar accident happening to a horse on Sunday last. It had a sad dle on, and was being led when it swung its head around to hunt the flies, and in doing so got the stirrup iron caught on ' ' its' jaw. The horse at once circled round and in the endeavour to extricate - it a tooth was drawn out by the roots. The Senate Poll. — The official declaration of the Senate poll for the election of New South Wales representatives was made on Monday, morning, by Mr. M'Laren, at the Electoral Offices, in Denman Chambers, Phillip-street, Sydney, as follows: — Gould (A.S.), 196,000; Walker (A.S.), 192, 767; Millen (A.S.), 189,874; M'Dougall . (L.S.), 148,497; Clark (L.S.), 146,082; M'Girr (L.S.), 137,697; Moroney (-S.) 15, ' 875; Batho (S.), 14,287; Wilcox (S.), 10,289. Fatal Burning Accident.— The 'Times' ^reports: — Miss Laura Stephens, aged ' 19, employed as cook and laundress at Oberne station, Humula, was cooking on December 21, when her clothes caught fire. She rushed into the yard, where Mrs. Bardwell, wife of the owner, smothered the flames with a rug, but the girl was by then seriously burnt. She was driven to the Wagga Hospital, a distance of about 40 miles, and lingered until ? Saturday after noon. The Mohonga Estate. — A Melbourne journal in an interesting article descrip tive1 of the Mohonga Estate, ' falls into an, error with regard to the early history of the property, by stating that Mr. 11. Rand took up the run in 1839. In another column Mr. J. F. H. Mitchell, and Mr. Wil liam Huon. traverse this statement, show ing 'that Mohonga was taken up by their 'uncle, Mr. Aimee Huon, sold by him in 1848 to Mr. Rae, and in 1849 purchased by Mr. Rand and Dr. MacDowell. Landlordism on its Last Logs. — Having regard to the result of the recent election the landowners will now have to look out for squalls. A local political enthusiast, in the course of a recent address,' orated as follows: — 'Sir Wm. Lyne was standing axe in hand determined to grub out landlord Jam root and branch. Landlordism,' he went on, 'that hpary-headed old monster that- had driven him (the speaker) from his own native Kildare, just as it had driven him with' his 'bluey' all over River ina^' .. _ ; Boating Accident. — Mr. Mason, of Col lins and Mason, and , Mr. Charles Griffith, junior, met . with a rather exciting adven ture on New Year's Day. They were out fishing in a. boat near Bungowannah, and by 'some mishap came in contact with a snag. The boat capsized, emptying its en tire contents into the river. The two anglers had to swim for it, and the cur rent being strong, had not too easy a task. Both, however, succeeded in reach ing the bank, practically none the worse for their immersion. Fatal Accident at Walwa. — The 'Courier' reports' that' Mr/ H. Murray was accident ally killed. He was carrying a parcel, and mounted the horse with it in his hand. Before he was properly in the saddle ^the horae took fright and commenced bucking. Mr. Murray was a first-class horseman, but he was taken by surprise, and was even tually thrown on the road. He was picked up unconscious, and the usual restoratives _\yere applied, but without success. He lin gered on until about six o'clock the next evening, when he succumbed to his inju ries. The cause of death was laceration of the brain. Albury Grammar School. — This school re opens on 6th February. Mr. G. B. Wilson, M.A., the Principal, has secured the as sistance in the capacity of vice-Principal, of Mr. Walter Wilson (Melbourne Univer sity) , and .'with the teaching staff thus strengthened, the school may hope during the current year, to add to the long list of educational successes it has obtained in the past. Mr. G.--B. Wilson, who we are glad to learn, is recovering from his late illness, purposes taking a short sea trip during the recess. His many friends will hope that the change will have the effect of restoring him to robust health. Private Roads. — It has hitherto been held by the Albury Municipal Council .that where private.) land was sub-divided for sale purposes, and the land was sold, the streets and lanes were private thorough fares :?'; and were not under the control of the Council, and the Council was not justi fiedrin spending money on them in. the way o£ effecting improvements. This question cropped up at the last Municipal Associa tion Conference, and the opinion arrived at was entirely different. The conference decided that on the sub- division of private land, the moment' one allotment was sold, all/ the new lanes become, public property, and' fall under the control of the council. : Bush Fire on. Coree. — On 27th ult. a bush fire broke out on Coree. It was first observed in Cowley's paddock, near the southern boundary of the holding, and al though the weather was calm it burnt fiercely, and spread to the north. The sta tion hands, with water-carts and beaters, fought it on the western side and the settlers on the eastern side. * The selec tors' crops on Booroobarilly narrowly es caped. The fire raged fiercely all day, ex tending to M' Arthur's crop, south of Co ree., and was beaten back there about 8 at night, when the wind blew from the north, assisting the beaters, who gradually got the flames under. About 20,000 acres of grass was destroyed. No crops were dam aged. V New Year's Eve.— On the whole good order as well as geniality prevailed on the holiday nights, though the town .was de seKted in the day time. The Town Band performed in the- streets on New Year's Eye-jr playing* the old year out and the new year; in. The Citizens' Band also played from the balcony of the Australian Hotel. Some persons of exuberant spirits indulged in various feats of diablerie in the streets away from the main thoroughfares. Gates were removed from their hinges, and in some instances more or less damaged. -One gate near the Star Hotel had the principal post split, and the owner will probably have to pay a Aveek's rent to repair the ' damage/ He does net realise the humour of the thing. The Hume Shire Council. — At the meet ing of this body on Friday last, a num ber of important matters were dealt with. After a warm debate it was decided to hold the meetings of the Council at Jindera. Mr. T. Oatley, late assistant in the office of the Superintendent of Roads, was ap pointed engineer. In pursuance of an ar rangement between the two shire coun cils of the Hume and Culcairnj Mr. Oat ley will act for both. The salary will be £375, of which each council will pay half. The, salary of the secretary was fixed at £200 per annum, and it was decided to invite applications for the position. Vari ous qommitttees were appointed, and ar rangements made for procuring the, neces- sary office furniture, etc. The Harvest. — Reports from the princi pal agricultural centres show that the .yield generally is not turning out up to expectations, and the fact would appear to bear out the opinion held by a good many ijractical men that in the country around Albury a rather .dry season gives the best results. This year the spring has been unusually moist, scarcely a week pass ing without an occasional shower, whilst -of late there have been fairly heavy doAvn pours at frequent intervals right up to harvest. The crops looked fairjj promis ing, but when the stripper got to work in paddocks the appearance of which indi cated a sixrbag crop the yield was often. less than three bags. . \ There have been some complaints of rust, but the loss from this cause is not expected to be serious. The oat crop also has turned out unsatis factorily. The heads did not fill well, and as a consequence the weight, is not there. Ladies' College. — A high-class Ladies' Col lege will be opened in Albury next month by Mr; Douglas Howard, M.A., assisted by Miss Howard. Mr. Howard was for seven years vice-principal of the -Collegiate Insti tute for Ladies, Melbourne, one of the most successful ladies' schools of its day in Vic toria, and afterwards headmaster, for 12 years, of the Hawthorn Grammar School. Miss Howard is both an accomplished musician and an. artist. She is a certifica ted teacher of music, and in painting was a pupil of J. Dowling, R.A. The college will be carried on temporarily in St. David's School buildings. Arrangements have been made for receiving boarders in to a refined Christian : home.,,,. Copies of the prospectus may be obtained at the 'Ban- ner' Office, Blake's Book Bazaar, or at St. David's Manse. Obituary. — It is again our duty to record the death of a very old resident of this town. Mr. Charles W. Blacklock, who, af ter a lengthy illness passed over to the majority on Saturday last, had been living in Albury for half a century, during many years of which he was employed as en gineer at the old Fanny Ceres flour mill in Dean-street. A -native of Lancashire, he was attracted to Australia in the early 'fifties by the gold discoveries, and soon' afterwards came to Albury, where he has resided ever since, save during two or three trips to various gold 'rushes' in Victoria and New Zealand. He was a genial, plea sant, man of somewhat retiring disposition, much respected by a number of old citizens, who enjoyed the pleasure of his intimate acquaintance. He leaves a widow and one son— Mr. Fred. Blacklock. The funeral, which was numerously attended, took place in the Albury cemetery on Sunday. The. deceased, who was 79 years^of age, had long been a member of the Order of For esters, and among the mourners appeared a number of the members of Court River ina in funeral regalia. — On Sunday last, Mr. John Walsh, of Shelley's Flat, died in the Albury Hospital. The deceased, who had resided at Shelley's Flat for over five and twenty years, was 55 years of age. The funeral took place in the Albury cemetery on Monday. Closer Settlement in Riverina.— The Lands Department is, pushing forward with the supbdivision of the Gobbagombalin and Marrar estates, the purchase of which for closer settlement «was recently sanctioned by Parliament. Mr. Ashton is advised that there will be a good demand for the blocks, and he is urging the utmost expedi tion in preparing the plans. The subdivi sional scheme was submitted to Parliament, and it will be adhered to as closely as is consistent with the topography of the country. But necessarily all the rough surveys will have to. be proved, and the plans ultimately arranged will show diver gence from the draft scheme. In the case of Gobbagombalin there is a big area of river fronts, the value of which is at pre sent high. The alluvial country will be cut up into comparatively small blocks, excepting where the scheme is adopted of including in one block alluvial fronts and wheat-growing blocks. In the case of Mar rar, practically the whole is wheat coun try, and there is no alluvial. The former estate is valued at an. average of £4/5/ an acre, but the proposal of the department is to seek to realise something under that, so that settlers will not have to pay top values, which might afterwards recede. The purchase value of the wheat lands was estimated at 57/ an acre, and the proposal is to cut that class of country into square mile (640 acre) blocks. In 'all, the two estates will be cut up into something over .200 farms. Bush Fire on Toganmain'.— Our Cara thool correspondent writes: — About one o'clock on Christmas Eve there started one of the most destructive bush-fires originat ing on Toganmairi for the past twenty years. Commencing about two miles north-cast of Gundaline. A small back station, and about 13 miles from the home stead, it travelled in almost a northerly^ direction, and assisted as it was by a strong wind,, it swept everything almost clean. Too much praise cannot be given the many willing workers with their fire tanks, who did all in their power to pre vent it from spreading, that being the only chance of doing any good. As considering it travelled about five miles an hour, and the . immense growth of herbage it had to work on, to get in front was only endan gering one's life. Toganmain sustained far the greatest loss, losing between forty and fifty thousand acres of excellent grass, besides about thirty miles of wire fencing. But, through the good management of Mr. Robertson (owner) nearly all the sheep Avere depastured on the back of the run, on much lighter grass country, consequent ly the loss in stock Avas not nearly so great as it might have been, losing prob ably only a few sheep. The next greatest loss is that of_Messrs. H. Kook and Sons, Darlington Point, in losing the Avhole of the grass . on the Woodside estate, con sisting of about 4000 acres, together Avith 1000 fine young sheep, a valuable horse, and nearly all the fencing. The total loss is estimated at £10;000. ? The five tanks were greatly in evidence, and did excellent work, and no doubt, Toganmain ;, feels greatly indebted to those Avho .turned- up with their tanks to assist in extinguishing the disastrous outbreak. ; Land for 'Selection.— Messrs.- L. ? A. Fos bery and Co., land agents, of Wagga Wagga, Avhose advertisement1 appears in an other column, have -written ??usi-' to -say, that an area ?? of' 6788 acres of valuable wheat land, two to five miles from the rising toAvn of Lockhart, will be made available for conditional, purchase, leases, in areas, averaging 480 acres, three of' the blocks being 512 acres. This tract of 'land origi nally known as1 the Osborne ^Forest Re serve, Avill be keenly sought 'setter: '- Not only is the soil of a superior . quality for wheat, growing . and orcharding/ but' 'there is an abundance of .semirmature pine on the land — of good quality — that Avill- pay well to conserve, and will prove of great-; value to settlers. Conditional; pur,chase; leases have a term of 40 years to ru$, but if de sired they may be conArertea into free holds, and as freehold lands , are now . sell ing at. Lockhart at from £5 ?to £6 per acre, this will be the best course to adopt eA'entually. In the meantime, the annual rental will be a low one. -The agents, L. A. Fosbery and Co., invite 'correspondence on all matters connected with; thb subdivi sion, and will distribute plans of the land, and forms of application free of ; charge. Applications can be lodged through them at Wagga, without attendance of appli cants, and cases conducted at Lockhart,. on the 4th of March, the date fixeft for the hearing, when presence of applicants Avill be dispensed with. More Provincialism. — In the Legislative Council, shortly . before the Christmas re oess, the subject of the Tocunrwal railway was under discussion. There appears to be some difference of opinion betAveen the Governments of Victoria and New South Wales as to the terms upon Avhieh the rail way should be extended, across the Mur ray to Tocumwal. The Hon. J. Hayes was at some pains to explain that 'the people of Toeumwal Avould benefit by the proposed extension. The- Hon. A. Ross also claimed that the Toeumwal farmers- had every right to deal with their nearest market. The Hon. H. C. Dangar, however, struck a note of purest proA'incialism* He said:— I have no doubt that every citizen of Toeumwal is at heart a Victorian, and by. giving the permission sought in this bill, Ave are only ministering to their unpatriotic desire to be more 'closely associated with Melbourne. I cannot take the assurance of Mr. Hayes, Avko probably knows more about the coun try than I do, that this railway is going to benefit Toeumwal. They will drain -.. every particle of revenue to Melbourne, and I do not see much; patriotism on the part of the Tocumwalites in this matter, and I Avish all the ignominy of the. affair had been left to Mr. O'Sullivan, I do not think that the proposal redounds much to the credit, of the Premier. I cannot help* feeling indignant, the Toeumwalites should have been left to their own devices. If I could conscientiously --:do 'St, I should like to kick the bill out neck an-J,(crop. St. Augustine's Orphanage Band.—rThe band of St. Augustine's .Orphanage visited Albury on New Year's 'Day, and met with a cordial reception. The visitors were met at the raihvay station by the Town Band, - which escorted them doAvn to the post office, playing appropriate selections on the Avay. At the post office corner the band \va3 formally welcomed by; the Mayor (Ald erman ten Brink), Avho in a feAV Avell-chosen Avords, referred to the- high reputation it had achieved, and promised, the members an appreciative audience at their concert that evening. Mr. P. W. Blake ^ also -wel- comed the visitors on behalf of the Town Band. Mr. T. Foster replied for the visi tors, and called for three cheers for the Mayor. The Band played' for a short , time, and Avere subsequently ta ken round to various points of interest. . The concert took place in the evening on the sports ground, and attracted a Arery iarge . audi ence. Th programme chosen — an excellent selection of high-class music— Avas rendered iu really masterly style. The performance of each individual member Avas Avorthy of commendation, and the: way in Avhieh i the whole was conducted by Mr. P. Jones, left nothing to be desired. The concert as a whole was a musical treat of no common order, and, having regar.d to the youth of the players, it was really. a wonderful performance. A Avord of praise is also due to the Town Band for its; very creditable rendering of . a Meyerbeer fantasia, ar ranged by the ' conductor, Herr Bulch. The full programme was as follows: — Overture, 'Jolly Robbers,' (F. Von Suppe); Avaltz, 'Sobre las Oslas,'? (J. Rosas); grand selection, 'William Tell' (Rossini) ; Avaltz, 'Senta' (Lil. Raymond) ; St.- Augus- tine's Band: bell gavotte, 'Bells of St. Malo' (Kinnner); grand selection, 'Meyer- beer's Works' (arr. by T. E. Bulch), AN bury Town Band; descriptive fantasia; 'A Night in Switzerland' (J. Ord Hume); in termezzo, 'Cavalliera Rusticana' (Maseag1 ni) ; selection, 'Beauties of Scotland'* (NeAvton); entra'acte, 'Prelude to ' Act HI. 'Lohengrin'' (Wagner), St. Augus tine's Band. Dental Notice.— Mr. Chas. Pettitt re sumes praotice next Monday^ January 7» 