RURAL TELEPHOBES. HOW TO EXTEND THEIR USE. If the Postmaster-General (says the "Argus") wishes to extend tho uso of telephones in tho country districts, ho could not adopt a moro practical me- thod of doing &o; than by opening an office ¡it the Boyal show, whero tann- ers could obtain full information as to tile terms and conditions on which country telephone lines can bo erected, and country telephone exchanges estab- lished. Farmers appreciate efforts nut de by a publie department to get rid of red-tape methods. At the Salo Con- vention of the Chamber of Agricul- ture, a year ago, an address by Mr. J. Hoskcth, chief electrical engineer of the Post and Telegraph Department, on farmers' telephones was greatly approved of, because it explained fully what farmers may do to obtain telephones, and what tho department will do to as- sist thom. Since then the uso of tho telephone in country districts-espe- cially in tho Western district-has boon largely extended. Tho rural telephone has como to stay, and its uso can bo so popularised and extended, if the de- partment will adopt up-to-date busi- ness mofchods in dealing with tho pub- lic, that in a 'tew years every impor- tant agricultural town in tho State will' lmvoits tele-phono exchange, and a net- work of telephouo wires linking up the homesteads throughout tho neighbour lfbod. 1 In a score of ways tho tolophono in tho country homo is of service. It saved unnecessary journeys to tho town; medica) aid, when required, can be quickly summoned, and, of great importance, warning can bo givou of bush-fire outbreaks, . and assistance quickly called to suppress them. The Government regulations provide for fanners clubbing together and erecting telephone linos to tho town boundary. It is in this way that moat of the rural telephones in tho Western district have been constructed. The poles are much lighter and cheaper than telegraph poles. Ordinary black or galvanised wiro (No. 12) can bo used, and button insulators, costing about 2d.( each. The construction of tho lino has to be approved of by the officers of tho department, and a nominal liconso foe of Is. per year pnid. The regula- tions issued in February last próvido that an exchange can bo tormed for two or moro subscribers. Country telephone exchanges have been established at Ararat, Bairnsdale, Beechworth, Benalla, Camperdown, Casterton, Colac, Coleraine, Echuca, Hamiton, Horsham, Mansfield, Shep- parton, Stawell, Terang) Wangaratta, and Warracknabeal. Ono is being opened at Sale, and another at Sey- mour, and applications aro now under considération for others at Mooroopna, Maryborough, and several other towns. I 