OF IN^EBEST TO FARMEBS. \- RURAL TELEPHONES. HOW TO EXTEND THEIR USE. If the paatmaater-General wisbes to extend the use of telephones in the country districts, he could not adopt a more practical method of doing so than by opening an office at the Boyal Show, where farmers could obtain full information as to the terms and - conditions on which country telephone lines can be erected and country telephones exchanges established. Farmers appreciate efforts made by a public department to get rid of red-tape methods. At the Sale Convention of the chamber of Agriculture, a year ago, an address by Mr J. Hesketh, chief electrical engineer of the Post and Telegraph department on farmers telephones, was greatly approved of, because it explained fully what farmers may do to obtain telephones, and what. the department will do to assist them. Since then the use of the telephone in country districts—especially in the Western district—has been largely extended. The rural telephone has come to stay, and its use can; be so popularised and extended if the \- department will adopt up-to-date business methods in dealing with the public, that in a few years every important agricultural town in the state will have its telephone exchange, and a network of telephone wires linkin up the homesteads throughout the neighbourhood. In a score of ways the telephone in the country home i3 of service. It saves unnecessary journey to the town; medical aid, when required, can be quickly summoned ; and, of great importance, warning can be given of bush-fire outbreaks, and assistance quickly called to suppress them. The Government regulations pro vide for farmers clubbing together and erecting telephone lines to the town boundary. It is in this way that most of the rural telephones in the Western district have been constructed. The poles are much lighter and cheaper than telegraph poles. Ordinary black or galvanised wire (No. 12) can be used, and button insulators, costing about 2d each. The construction of the lines has been approved of by the officers of the department, and a nominal license fee of Is per year paid. The regulations issued in February 1st provide that an exchange can be formed for two or more subscribers. Country telephone exchanges have been established at Ararat, Bairnsdale, Beechworth, Benalla, Camperdown, Casterton, Colac, Coleriane, Ecbuca, Hamilton, Horsham, Mansfield, Shepparton, Stawell, Terang, Wangaratta, and Warracknabeal. One is being opened at Sale and another at Seymour, and applications are now under consideration for others at Mooroopna, Maryborough, and several other towns. .... . .. .. , 