THE WESTERN DISTRICT. By F.W.L. ROUND ABOUT TERANG. In all probability dairying and the cut ting up of some of the large estates has <Sonp more for the Terang district than for any part of the state. The reason for this is that the land is of such extreme richness that on a given area a greater number of people can be settled, Und a better return assured them, than is- the case in many of. the Victoria^ dairying centres. Closer eeltlement is the order of theday, and the; homesteads of the dairymen are thickly scattered in all directions. Prosperity stands at high-water mark, ami the majority of those engaged in the greatest "'of ready; money making country industries ~ are rapidly acquiring a competency. Which ever way the eye wandere numbers of sleek dairy cattle are to be seen luxuriating in paddocks, the grass on which their com bined efforts fail to feed bare. This sea son the growth has been phenomenal, even in a district where a good season is looked for as a matter of course. BE.UTlPTIJfd THE: HOMESTEAD. Too often an utter disregard of any at tempt to beautify and add to the comfort ot the home is noticeable in country dis trict.':, more especially where the holdings are occupied by tenant farmers. Too fre quently an unsightly weatherboard house is dumped down in a bare paddock; a. rough stable and a few outbuildings run up, while in close proximity the milking-shed an<f piggery, which are more . often than not constructed of ihe roughest material, are erected. The "tout ensemble" is anything but pleasing to the eye. One is often led to consider the reason why such a state of affairs should exist when all the natural iurioundings are so favourable to the out -^de adornment of the home, which could be accomplished by the exercise of a small amount of additional-labour, and the ex penditure of a few shillings in purchasing fees, shrubs, and seeds to plant where the ^nest effect could be obtained. The occupier 'i t he farm will, in many cases, if questioned a the subject of doing something towards mprovjiu; the living conditions of himself ind his family, answer, "What is the good \- Putting work into another man's pro-. TV*!' . I have only got 60 many years', lease ?j1 the Place, and wfienmy time is up I may ,to clear out/* - It does not seem, to -^ter into his calculations that the landlord jpu, in most instances,Jbemore favourably rupo8^ t(i tWleweof a tenant fho will take sufficient interest in his<hoine 0 engage his -jfigB M'4A>i»g -IWP& ibout It, whinh )ti npnwiMnftit nore attractive^ some^f^thel^^e£ 1 5s '? the Tetana district thfTuome iteads of tiatta^^lwmen.-aw «n: objefct ilst w.. wctediw ountrjf a ion has «pcct. and, 'as aev*w».wv»u v lahs have been added, The tenant uonv cases have done ^their shiufe, ind vegetable gardensfurninh a.'Jsal--rri1 '®hef to the monotony of th# bare ppd> docks, while plantations , or TOWS of trees bordering the approach to "Hie house will, in.» .few years,.when they reach maturity not only serve,«.« a beautifying factor, but will prove invaluable as a protection to the stock. The rich land, certain rainfall, and even climate of the Western District make it an ideal spot for the betterment-of the farmers' home. THE HEYTESBURY FOREST. In former years, before the forest had undergone a process of reclamation, it was infested with rabbits and dingoes, and a long struggle ensued between the selectors and these undesirables to determine who should retain possession of the land. After a somfewhat protracted fight, the weaker contestant had to give in, and now the country is fairly free from animal pests. During the last ten or fifteen years great progress has been made by the settlers in this part of the Btate. The work of con quering the giant timber and the dense undergrowth lias been long and tediouB; but it has been accomplished after years of toil and disappointment. The early Bet tiers had an unenviable task set them when they first went into the forest bent upon reclaiming from it homes for themselves and their families. In many parts, notably that portion through which the Gellibrana -River raps, the timber was heavy and for bidding. while the scrub was well-nigh im penetrable. Hardly had they erected their Erst habitations when the disastrous bush fire of 1886 occurred, bringing in their wake ruin to nearly all, and destitution to many. Although not an unmixed 'evil, for tiie fires effected much in the way of clearing land which human labour could not have accomplished in a generation, the losses were terrible. A fresh start was made, and although local bush-fires Hfcve occurred, nothing of such wide-reaching magnitude has .since taken place. Great strides have been made by the settlers, and there are now many valuable holdings scat tered throughout the Heytesbury forest. DAIRYING AND MIXED FARMING. The land in the forest is not generally spea&ng; of the highest gradej and it varies considerably in quality. There is a fail' scope of good daiiying country, and there are 6ome excellent herds to be found On some of the holdings. The requirements of the residents in respect to an outlet for their produce are catered for by the -es tablishment of butter factories and crea meries, of which there are several scat tered about; but the mountainous nature of the country, added to the well-nigh impassable bush roads, which in the winter months especially make the trans portation of- the milk from any distance al most an impossibility, tend to hinder de velopment Oate, onions, and potatoes are cultivated to a limited extent, but bere again the question of getting the produce out of the forest precludes their being grown in greater quantities. THE GRASS-TREE: COUNTRY. There are large areas of grass-tree plains in the Heytesbury Forest, which were up till quite recently regarded as worthless for any form of agri culture. The Government, in order to prove whether this class of country was worth reclaiming, entered into a series of experiments, and the results so far are said to be of an astonishing character. With the use of a liberal ^amount of fertilisation it is contended that this desert land will produce various varieties of root crops, as well as cereals, and if the ability of this class of country to do so proves a perma nency, it will revolutionise farming in the Iprest, and give a fresh impetus to the holders of inferior land. THE NEED FOR BETTER ROADS. 'The settlers throughout the Heytesbury forest are greatly handicapped by the un satisfactory state of the roads. For the most part they consist of unmetalled bush tracks, which, although rough at the best, can be used in summer, but in winter they become quagmires, through which it is out of the question to attempt to pass with a vehicle of any description. Why the Government fails to recognise the needs of the people in the direction of giving-them l'oads by which they could get the produce they raise to market is one of those things no one can fathom. As a large contribut ing factor to the progress of the state they should receive evety consideration. 