B.UStt FIRES, Q ncr again we, have arrived at that- season; of the year when our iiews columns are invaded b.y reports of bush/fires,. This is. ,'a trouble which -. appears. rat.ner to increase tnan aecrease as the years go o.n, for the. rea son that thegreater areas under crop, provide more fuel.. -The more thickly settled and cnlti-. 'yated the district,, the larger the opportunity . for loss bj'. means ,of fifos. It' plainly follows that witli. increased settlement1 and battel seasons, the State having more, at; stake, should bestir it self to. protect the. yield of its fertile lands.' For many sea sons the matter has been left to chance — an exceedingly bad master to entrust with one's possessions and livelihood. By that section of the " Local Go vernment Act, 1906," which sets, out the primary functions of councils it is ' provided that; " the council of a shire, 011\. its, .constitution, under this, Act, may within its area exercise, the follow ing powers and shall perform the . following, duties": (among others) the making of provi sions ' (a) for the prevention or mitigation of bush fires (including -the or ganisation of bushte brigades) 'and . (b) for- the' prevention or mitiga- ?nti nf tit 11111 In flip snfftfv nf life or property from floods (in cluding the provision of flood boats and the organisation of flood brigades.)" In the wise application of that section by the sliire coun cils of districts liable to fire vis itations lies the future safety of crops, fences, flocks and home steads. Much may be done to-day which was impossible a generation ago.' If increase in settlement makes loss by fires greater, it at the same, time provides.a larger available aniiy. of fire fighters. It only needs unity of action and' the superin- tendance of a person skilled in forming bush fire brigades to gather together a corps to put preventive measures into prac tice. It now becomes the duty of the shire councils to take in hand the first step— the stage which so far has proved the deterrent to. useful action in that direction. It will be no ticed that the duty of the coun cils in tills respect is twofold — ' to make provision for the pre vention of fires and also to form brigades. More is necessary than to have at call a number of, active men to cope with fires when once started. The more important task is to provide measures which will not allow fires to grow to a size needing a combination of forces for their extinction. It is a case of "prevention is better than cure," For this purpose we recommend to our shire coun cils. the perusal of the doings of the various individual States of North America. In that coun try fires had become such a ter rible evil that the different visi tations acquired a special name with the dignity of the definite article, "the" as 14 The fire of '76," " the Illinois fire," and so on. In America, energy aud foresight are. more relied on than chance. .- Many efforts aud : experiments, were made but in most States the preference, was given to tHe institution of " fire breaks.'/, Iu .other words the lay of tiie lauci'dnd the probable sweep of tfieres w.ere. earqfqity investigated" and; strips of count try were/thoroughly .cleared so. that the" spread, 'of every 'fire might be checked by meeting a belt, whfch iiiflard-! nibble material. For-. this pur pose. natural barriers, such., as streams " or .barren areas were utilised.as'far as possible. to aid tlie line of fortification. Once cleared the bare strip must be kcpt foee of dry grass or young vegetation, and regular, rangers are appointed" to "burn .off or otherwise remove any danger ous material. This will not of course prevent suiallareas. being swept by fires, but the fact of a barrier existing in some direc tions enables tlie brigade to concentrate : their efforts on fewer points and thus prevent those terrible miles, of flames which set liunian resistance at defiance!" AATe ' believe, .that if this section;qf f he .Local, Qov- eri\raent Act is wisely, brought frt nnai'nf'SAU Ufa null nawP ail luiv atiyti. ;ny " «»« organisation for the prevention of large bush fires equal to any. in. America.. ; When this, is done Australia will have lost one of those maligant terrors which constitute the main, -drawback to rural occupations— that is, the. uncertailxty jof reaping, the profits of the year's labour. 