A TRIP TO RUFFY. (By M.G.) On Wedlnesdnv. February 28th, I saddled up the old nag and decided to take a ride up to Ruffy, where I had not previously been. my main object being to have a look at the country, and also to have a look at the local races which were held on that day. Journeying along the Sydney road there is nothing remarkable except the Flat Rock, which is worth a visit. Almost opposite Worland's, at the Green hill, you turn off to the left and keep straight along the road and cross the Mansfield-Longwood road. Just here on your left is a nice avenue of pines leading up to Mr. Burns' place. Shortly alter leaving the Mansfield road you go past Mr. Fraser's, which is on your right hand side. When I got near Mr. Fraser's caught sight of one of the bush-fire water-tanks ahead of me. I soon found out why it was on the road, or nearly opposite Fraser's there was a black patch of about four acres where a fire had started on the properyy . ??????, au?,laeckuy, was kept. Ithiutf at.L, hr ..l 0co01 puas, becanoe u that siu oi the runu the grass is very cry. A great contrast to this spot only a few chains away is at Freser's, where a very fine crop or green maize is to be seen. Going up the valley of Creighton's Creek you pass the creamery on your right, which is quite near to Waughambeham station homestead. Soon after passing this spot you cross Creighton's Creek, and just here on the left is a tennis court on what appeared to me to be a reserve. Onwards. another mile or so you come to a bridge which is im passable in consequence of one of the ap proaches being washed away. .You now be gin on the up-grade, soon coming to Mr. Ramage's, where you notice a good many vehicles about, drays, waggons, etc. Here also is to be noticed a very nice stream of water coming toward is the house, from springs higher up, also a waterhole or dam where a good body of water is impounded. This water is brought along by gravitation, and used by Mr. Ramage as a motive power for chaffcutter, etc., but, as I did not have time to call, I did not see it in operation. Just below the house there is a beautiful meadow, where a very good crop of maize is to be seen. The road for a considerable distance runs along the top of a ridge,which would average about 50 chains wide. Still ouwards and upwards,you come to Bunting's Hill. The Gobur road is here on your left hand. Bunting's hill is pretty steep, a cut ting on the side of the hill being the road way. I noticed that there is a drain on the lower side of the cutting and have wonder ed why it has been made there. Along a little further, and the road seems to cut at right angles, and in the middle 0f the cut ting a good view of the valley can be ob tained. A mbi or two curther you get to lore level country n0u Letter anna. Here you paes Noye's homestead, whole there uppears to be a very nice orchard, windmill, te. Still onward a few miles, you pass a roed leading to the right, which siLthout a Inger-lpostis very misleading to a stranger. ooun. now, you catch sight of the ltulfy ?ublic Hall. Next to it is theRuflfy hotel, where I got a very good dinner. Just before eashing the hotel, however, I killei a fair ized snake, a kind which is, I was told. was airly numerous. After dinner I made my say to the racecourse; which, I believe, about three- lunrters of a mile around and lot too level. I will not attempttodescribe ho races, as I daresay you have already had ,articulars of them. The crowd was not so arge as usual, I was informed. So, after sidding adieu to several friends, I com nenced to descend the mountains, reaching tome about half-past eight p.m,n itera very njoyabtle, but somewhat tiresome, ride, the listance froml Euroa being anything from 18 o w1miles, so I was told on making inquiries roum several people. 