THE PRODUCER. ÎBASTORAL BOARD. The following pastoral leases have been allotted by the Pastoral Board: - Block 852B, Umberatana, 91 souare miles-, annual tehtal £13 13/, Union Pastoral Company; o'ock 317 A, Daw's Dam (Gawler Ranges), uxrat 330 acres, annual rental 5/, W. J. ""leary; block 317, Mount Ive (Gawler .¡Unges), 442 square miles, annual rent £83 IA McTaggart & Smith; block 374, Uno (Gawler Ranges), 139 square mdes, annual rental £20 17/, A. E. Treloar; block «162, C*annataîkanmna. 361 square miles, annual -entai £27 1/6, 0. De Rerres. C * I_ND ALLOTMEäPTS. Application, for land in the following districts closed on Tuesdaj at the Laa. Office:---South-Eastern District-Hundreds Archibald, CJaroline, Comaum, Coombe, H*r"*"ai_» Jessie, Lake George, Lochaber, Nangwiu-y, Penola, Rivoli Bay, Watet bouse, and Wirrega. Western District Brooker,"Caldwell. Campoona, Chillundie, Dixson, Giles, Hawker, Kelly, Kevn, Kiana. Magarey, Mangalo, Mann, Mort- lock» Ripon, Shannon, Ulipa. Wandana, and Yaranyacfca- Central District- Baldina Camme, Eh», Goolwa, Gordon, Goyder, Hallett, "Krichauff, Myponga, Noarlunga Redhill, - Tickera, Waitpinga, Yackamoo rundió, and Yatala. Northern District-. Arkaba, Booyoolie, Carr, Crystal Brook, gidlamndla, DeVenport, Eurelia, Jenkins anyaka, Nae_*ara, Walloway, Willowie, Winninowie, Wirreanda, Wongyana, Yar- rah, Yednalue, * and Yongala. There Were 480 applications for lands in the aboVe rr tinned districts. ( The Land Board will commence taking evidence next week, and "the result of the allotment will be pub- lished about the end of February. *" STOCK DIS____ES. .- MORCHARD, January 30, - Reports to band from various localities "prove that t e die-ease, commonly called dry bible hi*, not .yet left the »iistrict. Within «t raw mues a dozen valuable animals, Sog-y mflch cows, have died this menh- ir. William Toop, who his already lo t svo valuable cows, has another g~od /animal down with the same dsea»e, an 1 -** Mt-srs. Gregory/and Case have als) st ck -ick, t\ is time that the Gove-nment made a. determined effort to cope with t s disease, which annually carnea off th u Bands «f pèunds worth of valuable stock. Mr. .Desmtjnd has been communicatel with, bn,t he is apparently kept so busy with horsea in the metropolis that it is almost impossible for him to get away to make first-hand investigations, and in the meantime the poor farmer has to stand by. .watching his cattle die from a disease o' which he does apt know the cause' or the «ure« ''WASLEYS, January 29.-Harvesting ;s practically-completed in this district, and ' the 'general yield is- satisfactory m tae majority of cases, .some farmers reap Jig *ven more than they at first anticipated. As this town is still steadily increasing, its trade;" and. importance» and is the cent.e, of a large agricultural area, a record number of hay and wheat buyers are busily cm plcyeihere, for their various agencies, and producer«, have every facility for the dis- posai ,of the season's . produce. A large amount of hay is being 'carted into the Iprâl chaffmiUs, also a quantity of new . wheat, "though a number of farmers are storing then? wheat, owing to the market \- quotations ruling at present. "A number of .. fine haystacks are to- be seen in the vicinity of the various milk, also some- wheat stacks, one firm having- over 12;t00.bags of %-heat- in'their stack now.-Owing^to the tàeady increase in the railway-station traffic here, the Governmenf Tiaye recently con Btracted. a new siding to provide extra trucking, accommodation, and the shunting lines have also been altered in various de- tail«! a large gang of men having been .em- ployed over these alterations, for 'some weeks. An extra porter was also appointed recently to leave the stationmaster f.eä.to attend to- the'increased.amount of official \- and postal work at ¿his office. < . ' YORKETOWN, ^ January 28.-Moat farmers' are now busy wheatcarting; and huyera "kt all receiving depots ..are-' busy." .Edithburgh and.. Coobowie are ^keeping three buyers, at each place fully occupied. Port Moorowie has one, while PoinkTurton and Minlacowie are fully represented.-At Coobowie Mr. C. Heath, who represents a city firm, has had a large iron shed erected ? at the back of the hotel premises capable o£ holding37,000 bags. .This shed is open . at rall sides, but will be protected with hes . Kian when full. The yield, which is satis faefcory, would have been much heavier only at the storms which occurred early in tho ? leeson. Much nf .the wheat wes lying nearly level".with the ground, making it im- possible for.-the-harvesting machinery to pick x it'up. 'In -some instances farmers are «ÜäjtB. to'Tcfih^eif Stocfeln oh the stubble on/ateouni oí wie quantfljvof loose wheat \- laynig, on the ground! Another' of the Mowro'wie'homestead 'blocks has changed hands at a satisfactory price. The prefe ,<ehoe'fpr woolgrowing as against wheat is ¿Shown in a number of clearing, sales adver- tised, tvhere farmers'are clearing out their farm implements to devote" their attention to'sheen and dairying. Sheep farming in connection with agriculture has its. draw "backs, however, a» one'farmer discovered lately (wbtn he purchased a flock of sheep. There!.were some,,."crawlers" among the number, who beededntit sheep-prbof^feùces, and'these lea theuo£bets into a finejstand ing^jcrop; with deplorable results. The late »torjn* Were «not a*«jrcumstanee compared with;the.daniage donelly the flock oTiiheep in -one* night:-AH- "business peop'e,. in -the district'harei received a""oircuiar from, the ' Gulf Steamships QompanV notifying "aifln crease in freigbtTuid "rares.- This is un ¿erstood1tb"be.-the result of,an- increase in wages of empluyes__on~~the boats, lately granted by the owners. It is suggested tjjat.thel. cbntemClated"1 incrèaie will mean a,Benefit,to ketches trading across'"the -¿If - -'a» v -- - * -'* « .MÖUlSrtr* GAMBIER, January 29.-Dnr J. ing/laift week 152 "tons- of "produce were railed rron\rthe Mount Gambier- Glencoe, . Compton,-and "Burrungull raüwav-stationa ,*? to rae'-ciry .markefa, Durng, the same period 17 "Vans ^oft sheen and. 6 vans of Yjjrtúe were *ailed to. Adela'de from the 1 ->*BÄOUS ouilway-etations south of Narra 'coorte. There1 was a bush-fire on the border lost week, and a lot of grass Tvas burnt. The work of harvesting is still proceeding. Threshers are in evidence ail round, but no phenomenal jrelds have been reported. Mr. K.- Callander, cprporatiqn inspector,- has grown a new ..variety of.potatoes, called the ''Sensation." Brom two .roots he dug OÍ lb. of large potatoes, -which are clean ; skinned and or splendid shape. They were imported h ere "from Me bourne by Captain Heaver about two years ago.. .HAMMOND, January 30. - Keipn in thispart is now pracucaJy ended, _" e result is extremely pleasing to all ccn cerned. A late, frost and an early Lo wind lowered the average, woich now stand, at about. 8 bushels. Scores »f . herne and bullock teams line the load from early morn till sunset, he.vJy laden wi h the precious golden grain. The constant ttafiiç, without any ra n, has caused t te roads to break up terrib y, teams being en- veloped, in clouds of dust from the start to the faui-tey'« end. .There aie five whait buyers* here, consequently competition s keen for the numerous parcels. A"pr;_i "mately the firms* have bought the foi owi->g quantities to date:-Beti & Co.. 12, 00; Darling <_. Son, 8,000; S.A. Farmeas' Uni-n ' *7_D00_W. B, Cave & Co., 3,000; G W.lls ind Cb.,2,000 bags. The buyers estimate t'iai about 60,000 will be delivered'by the e-d of the present month. 'Bel's nave their 12,000 stacked in the station yard, and it is n sight well worth seeing.^ Trade in all .irectious is -risk. , SPALDING; January 29. - Harve"-t >-g opérations are'almost finis i ed, and f.irmeis are busy carting-their produce to m rket. The yield all round has been Very satisfac- tory. » EUDUNDA, January 29. - The quan- tity of wheat bang delivered shows ni ! sign of falling oh". Lp to "da.e ob.t.t '45,000 bagB, or 200t000 bushels,- tia ve b.en delivered at Eudunda by farmeis, wai e a large quantity has been brought t irouga by train.1 , About 25,000 bags have, re n tjeht on by rail to t e sea b^ard; o- Port Adelaide nulls, and about 20,001 b gs die gtscked here. To-day between 2,0 0 and 3,000 bags were delivered to lo.al wh at buyers. * A talk with tjie farms, s at tie Stock sale gave evidence1 of mu-h satisf lo- tion among them. In reply to-'"Wei, how.-.did the crop turn out?" the r py came thus-"Well, I can't grumble. I g>t 650 bags from 90 acres." Or ' O , I g>« 98 bags from one 10-acre plot." Or -'I have not started to clean np yet. but I leckon to get 700 bag-." Or, "F om 5ft acres I got 400 bags, or "Weil. Igt four bags to the acre from 120 acres." And, so it went on, all having the same c-ieerul tale, even those who average«! from 5 io 15 bushels were contented. '-. '-How are you off for feed and water for^stock?" was the next question. The reply was practi- cally unanimous-"We have eplend-d feed sod a good supply of wa* er. Stock are in sn endid condition." The farmer, are fu'.l of "hope. Already 100 tons of phosphates have arrived by rail. This is on'y the advance lot of the thousands of tons that -*i'l be reonired for the coining seeding. Very few farmers sow their s"ed now wit'iout manures. Business is, brightening np considerably, and farmers, t^rekeepers, and workers are in good spirits and full of hope for the- rew>-i_ seasozu ' 