A JAUNT THROUGH MAORILAND. By J. B. Clkaiiv. No. III. After » pleasant sojourn in Wellington for iilx)Ut a weok, during which we visitod ninny pretty .*«iM-ts in the neighborhood, we ontmined on our long tour of the North inland. We will dwell a minuto on railway travelling in New Zealand. The lines aro narrow gauge, but the travelling it not so fast as ours, The carriages are large anil roomy, with a passageway Tunning through the middle. It is possible to walk through the entire length of the train. A railed-in platform bridges carriage to carriage. What is at once a novelty to visitors, when tired of being inside one can walk out ou to the platform at the end of each carriage and »o enjoy the »»iv and scenery. An itinerant vendor of newspapers, books and all kinds of reading matter travels through the train at short intervals, leaving tno passenger nothing to wish for in the way of literature ou n train journey. Fruit and other delicacies aro also supplied in this manner. One can also procuro a substantial meal. A dining' oar is attached, presided over by the train stewards, and a good hot dinner is provided for the sum of 2/. The faros aro cheap — that is, when compared to our high onus. Take for instance 120 miles — just the distance from Benalla to Melbourne — the faros would be 10/, second single, and 15/ for first single; the return faro would be £1 for second and £1 10/ for fu-st, made up at the rate of a Id per mile, second clas-s and ljd, first. We boarded our train for W.inganui— the first stage on our journey — distant about 150 miles. There are two routes— one direct, n private line (Manawatu Company), and the Government line, which rims miles out of the direct Jcourse, crossing the great Rimutaka (mountains. As is usual with most visitors intent on sight-seeing, wo selected the latter route. Punctual U- time the train steamed out. For the first few miles there is nothing much in the way of scenery. A young Englishman, out for tho good of his health, made interesting company. His allusions to the attitude Colonials adopt to young Englishmen were most amusing. The English 'Johnny' is very soon brought down a peg by the Maorilanders, who ?seem to regard themselves as the only people on the earth. At last our ascent of the Rimutaka l-egan. The sun shone out brightly. On such a morning it seemed a pleasure to live and drink iu the intoxicating morning air, blended with the feru and mountain dew. Those great mountain wildernesses stood out in front, and the engines could be heard slowly panting along. Now and again our course lay through valleys, at other times by the side of mountains with appalling depths below, but the engines, three of which were required to draw the load, faithfully plodded along with their load of human freight. The panorama around was for ?ever changing and becoming more grand. More mountains rose to view around — great rugged heights rearing up to pierce the clouds. Sometimes the tram followed along a sweet placed gully, bordered over by luxurious ferns aud wild tlowern, with here and there a tiny trickling streamlet falling softly down from tho heights above. One felt u desire on such a morning to alight and roam those sylvan glades and dells, but the question often recurred to one, Has a single white man yet found his way into tlio.se mountain solitudes.' The answer soon came in the shape of a little station. What could those one or two stragglers to be seen thereabout do for u living? Of course, it could be easily guessed. The stacks of wood proclaimed thoir occupation — they wore sturdy wielders of the axe. As the train pursued its course, at times it assumed all sorU of fantastic shapes. At one place the line bends and curves .so — to use a well-worn exurcHteion — the lrasbentjer in the last car could almost shake hands with the engine driver. The pantings of the engines be came slower and slower. To give an idea of the climb the grade is about 1 in 15. At last we reached the summit, appropri ately named 'Summit.' There we were at last, on the summit of the wild Rimu Uikas, with a handful of sturdy feons of the finest, who camo to see the train in. After a half hour or so, allowed to view the scenery around, we began our descent. Needless to say, the downward journey did not occupy much time, we passed through scenery similar to that on our ascent. We soon found ourselves in civilization once more. We arrived at Featherston a station in direct contrast to the summit. There great fertile valleys met our gaze, stretching away miles and miles to seaward. It seemed incredible. Such a short time ago we were away out on the wild Rimutakas. It seemed as if we were suddenly transported into another country. Right away on both sideH, as the train sped along, could be seen miles of plains, gurbed with long, waving, green grass which is so characteristic of the country. During the next few hours we jiassed through some of the noted dairying country of New Zealand. But can it be wondered at that this great industry flourishes so well, considering the boun teous rainfall with which the colony is blessed all the ye.ir round? There are two things New Zealand is fairly immune from — drought and bush tires — and conse quently, what they make is pretty sure. (Since our visit, something in the nature of a drought has taken place in the land just recently, and, by all accounts, several bush fires broke out, but previous to this dry spell such a thing as a drought or a bush-fire ha« not been heard of for years.) However, I am writing of the country just as I saw it. As we sped on, for miles the landscape was literally dotted over with prosperous looking homesteads, with pad dock after paddock heavily stocked with sheep and cattle, sleek and fat. If any thing more than another served to illus trate the prosperity of the country we were passing through, it was the number of budding railway townships plan ted down from one to three miles apart. The stations all bear terrible names. Fancy trying to pronounce Ngawapurua or Waipukurau, or some such Maori name. It is no unusual thing to pull up at stations n mile apart, all flourishing, and with sheep and cattle depasturing right up to the station fence. But it is the close proximity of the homesteads that always strikes the visitor. Remarkably tine resi dences mosfc of them are, and sometimes half-a-dozen homesteads may be seen a few chains apart, and each belonging to so]-nrut6 owners. Truly, the best evidence of the capabilities of the land. Scarcely any cultivation is carried on — nearly all dairying and grazing. The crop-raising land is to be found in the Canterbury Plains, in the South Island. Ou these hundreds of square miles, all the colony's wheat and oats are grown. After hours of travel with this magni ficent prospect without, we reacliod tho celebrated Mtinnwatu Gorge at 3 o'clock. We were hardly prepared for the siglit that met our eyes. Thb» gorge scenery, of which the colony is so rich, made us feel as if we were suddenly transported in to still unother country. This is typical of N.Z. travel, as wherever one travels on a journey one in for ever entering into entirely different phases of scenery— al- ways something to delight the eye— and with almost startling suddoness too. Our train sped mag&dtk;'Jilly along the beautiful gorge- -the winding torrent down below on one side, the heights on the other side clothed with dark -green foliage, and the sun obscured overhead. A feeling of solemnity, almost of awe, came over us. Olj ! in what sublimity does nature show herself off in the Gorge scenery - It is at once impossible to describe. I often wondered if the pict uif could ho only re produced a« we wiw it, After entering out of tho Gorge we trnvorsed mile* und miles more of the magnificent dairying land ntd then reached Palmorston, one of the several large towns on this route. There in one tiling to be uoUd in travel, ling through N.Z., besides the four large cities of almost equal size, that there are so many progressive towns of 8 or 10 thou sands inhabitant*, and all situated not a great distance apart. Thus, 1t ie at once noticed how evenly tho population is dis tributed nil over the colony. Palmerston is typical of many mich towns, and, with a population of about 7,000, it i» the centre of a rich fanning district Settlement is so dense around that a railway Ntatiou is planted do*n over a mile therefrom. Being an important railway junction an hour was given us to stretch our legs. I ho first glance around showed marked progress on every street. Sheep and nerds of cattle were driven in nil direc tions. The streets wero full of farmers und thoir families marketing, etc. The whole place proftontod a remarkably busy appear unco. At every turn we wore met with whips slung over their shoulders. At n Btreot corner, whero two mon wore talking, the eoversatioii was one to be on tho land. Everyone seemed to be eager for land, buying, soiling, aud trafficking in it, con sequently land values were rising rapidly. At the time of our visit new DuildingB wero going up. Stock sales were being hold nearly every day. In ahort, pros perity seemed to reign everywhere. This is a fair sample of most of the farming towns. Now, before I prooeod any further I would like to make it plain that I do not wish the reader to understand I am laud- ing up N.Z. to the detriment of our own country; nothing in further from my mind. Australia is quite good enough for me. Undoubtedly, New Zealand ia in a very prosperous state, that is for people who have a stake in the country, or who have worked thomholves up into good powtious4 But from what I have soen of the country it is every much boomed. Tho Govern ment ia borrowing at the rate of millions, and the public debt is a very heavy one. At the time of our visit railway and other public works were being gone on with all over the country, and labor was supposed to be very scare. The result was a ship load of navvies and others were brought from the old country. Most of them pro ceeded to the railway works. By 3Neir Zealand papers I have in my possession the men were bitterly disappointed when they got to the work. It was extromoly arduous, the weather was nearly always broken, and a day or two a week was all they could get in, very often not that. Thoy were miserably housed away out in the remote parts of the colony. But their greatest grievance lay ^^ regard to the overseers and bosses, who treat the men iu a manner akin to slaves. The majority found thoir way into the cities, where, they were willing to work at anything they could get for a small wage. To my own knowledge I know young fellown, Victorians, over there — in fact, I met several — who tvore sorry they ever left home. Living is dear, rents are extortion ably high, and work is not so easily got as most people imagine, and the weathor is nearly always oroken. But above all New Zealandors have n decided dislike to Australians. An Australian seek ing work has invariably to say he hails from the North or South. So my advice is stay whore you are. Our country is prospering in such a way that in my opinion it already rivals New Zealand, and only for tho check wo received in the way of drought, bush fires, etc., we would be miles ahoad by this time. 