HARVEST TIME IN THE AVO.N VALLEY. .-+ A CHRISTMAS SKETCH. WHERE THE WHEAT FIELDS WAVE. (By L.B.J.) *'Sci*cii'd is this nook o'er the high, half reaped field." From the summit of this lotty hill, thirteen hundred feet above 6ea level, and rising a sheer eight hundred frain the tarin lauds in tue valley beloWj one may obtain a fairly comprehensive bird's v eye view of some of the richest and most fertile couutry in the State of Western Australia, It wants but a few days to Christmas time. Harvesting is in full swing* and the fields of euu-browned grain are fast thinning as the busy strip- pers rattle from end to end of the broad Íiaddocks. From dawn to dusk, with but »rief intervals, the work goes steadily forward. Each does his share. The monotony, the regularity of ihe scene, has a certain charm. One anticipates, so lo speak, the short breathing-space by the far fence, when the straining horses pull up for au instant, their huge haunches smoking, their harness a jingle, and per- haps some obstinat« piece of gear to be set ia ordor. Even at this height every sound is distinctly audible-the sharp crack of a whip ringing: out like a pistol shot; the staccato and frequently vitup- erate tones urging the teams to more strenuous exertions; the jarring of the ungainly machine as it jolts and shivers; the clear, dry air seems to refine and yet emphasise each modulated vibration of sound. There is nothing lo mar the ex- quisite harmony of the surroundings; The Stripper Itself, ugly and utilitarian to a degree, regard- ed analytically, fits into the "mise-on «ccne" with admirable adaptability. The slouch hats of the farm-hands, their blue ov white shirts, the suggestion of brown arms and tanned and bearded faces, lend colour, life, and animation io thc picture of fields white unto harrest, with their background of undulating, bush-clad hills. Tho forenoon- wears away, and for an hour or so tho vertical sun beats down unsparingly upon paddocks desert- ed by all eave shrill and marauding flock« of parrots ihat dart from tho shelter of the drooping foliage of tall gum-trees to batten greedily upon the squandered gram. The bush about us is alivo witb small, gaily-plumaged birds, chattering volubly, and also, alas, scolding with astonishing coulumaviousness. One particularly trucu- lent litUe creature has a shabby, browu fcat bored body, relieved by a most in- congruous ano obtrusive tail of a vivid peacock-blue. As the fierce sun slants westwards, dipping behind the bluff brow of the hill upon which we stand, a broad tihadow, keeu-edged as a knife, falls across the valley, cutting it sharply in twain. Where the river winde between well-wooded banks, tho penumbra has a greenish hue; hidden beneath the move- less trees are deep placid pools lying in a purple twilight, every leaf, every twig clear cut upon thc face of the waters with (ill the fidelity of lapidary ait. Be- yond, the glare on 'the parched «nd yellow fields-so fresh and verdant in the winter season of rains- is hard as the reflex of brightly burnished braes. By dusk the paddock immediately below us will be stripped. to the last ear. The departure of the sun and the coming of a cool breeze, which iç already wandering in- land from the Alistaut Ocean, appear to exorcise a salutary iu/luencc on both man and boast. The teams settle to their task with renewed vigour, and a cheerful whistling takes the place of the unmelodi- ous exhortations which were rife earlier io the day. Scared hy the noisy machine, the cowering quoit that lurk in the standing corn until the last moment consistent willi safety has ifrrived, fly forth at lightning speed, keeping just above the etubbte, aud so make for the friendly cover on tho lower slopes of the hill. Though the encompassing scene h.cks the peculiar and haunting fascination of tho solitary forests, remote, from the abodes of mankind, yet it lins a great peace, An Abiding Clin rm of Ifs Own. Ou throe sides of us, field after field, acre after acre, stretch away to the far horizon. Quiet, homesteads nestle iu the hollow lands. Vineyards ¡md orchards show refreshingly green against the pale gold of wheat, and withered pasturer,. Substantial haystacks stand ready for the chaff-cutter, ringed round with wide «s clos of bare, brown earth: These last are fire-breaks, carefully ploughed, iu the ev- ent of that scourge of the farmer, a bush- fire, getting out of conliol, although (herc is not so much fear of such, n mischance in this highly-cultivated neighbourhood ns there is in the outlying districts where countless leagues of primeval forest-the dome of the timorous kangaroo and the shy bush pony-still ¡¡wait the coming of the sedier and the sharp sound of the swinging axe that heralds (he advent cl pioneer humanity. The hills above Nor- tham, sapphire-hued in this light, rose rapped in an hour's time when the sun shall luive Bunk behind tho distant ranges, are sharply defined against the turquoise-blue sky. I.ookiug northward, portions of the vast estate of Wilberforce, audj more easterly, that of Tipperary, lie steeped in a warm glow. In tho middlo disbmce lise tho noodling ridges, sparse- ly timbered, their rugged sides clothed with a thin scrub; be von d them is the little settlement of Quellington, and, turning cast again. Malebelling and Greenhills aie hidden from sight by low intervening undulations. One marvels at - The Amount of Lund Under Cultivation until one remembers that it is a country of largo holdings, and many of these farms run into their thousands of acres apiece. At Tipperary, for instance, there are lialf-a-dozen harvesters at york, and quite an imposing array of men and horses. Directly below us) at the foot , of the high cleft hill, Daliak's six thou- sand acres extend northwards, the dull led of fallowed fields-something of the hue of beaten copper-ware-contrasting strongly with the yellow stubble across which long shadows are beginning to steal. So upon three sides of U6, ou the fourth the bush closes in. with here and there, iii a wide clearing, the white walls of a solitary homestead, and perhaps a brown ribbon of road creeping sinuously away into the heart of thc lonely hills. The day gradually declines, and still the paddocks are full of the busy hum of the harvester and the cheerful voices of men und lads. Someone with more leisure than Iiis fellows has a gun, and every now «nd agaiu the sharp crack-crack of the double-barrel comes liorne to us where we stand gazing * down on the diminutive, toy-like figures. There is a cool breeze up here, fresh with the balmy fragrauce of the bush. A hawk hange in the wind for a moment, then, with one long swoop, which carries him athwart thc face of au i almost perpendicular clin', hé settles on the twisted bough of a gray and withered 1 tree. There he rests, an embodiment of untiring vigilance, until a noisy mob of magpies swoop down on him with vindic- tive screams, and fairly hustle the bird ot grey out of sight over the crest of the ill-a fleetiug glimpse of chequered wings, and in their midst the brown bronze of the hawk's powerful pinions. As we turn to descend to the level lands, the sun vanishes in a bank of orange coloured cloud that stretches above the far- off ranges looming purple against the western sky-line. Further south Mount Dale «tares through a, soft haze, the reek j fi om some bush fire raging many miles away. The Straggling Town of York j reposes at the foot of a steep acclivity; ! its lower slopes lie in shadow, but a red 1 glow still lingers ou the massive granite boulders which crown its bold brow ; : above is "the rich blue of the unattain- able flower of the sky." Southwards, the ! river winds through the smiling valley iu thc direction of Beverley, twenty miles distant. Northwards, its course takes to I to the flourishing town of Northam, now I adnys the most important centre of this agricultural district. None of the fertile soil is allowed to remain unproductive, j For some way up the slanting sides of I the hill that dominates the township, thc ; harvester has been working siuce dawn, M\ inging over stiff clods of earth and i frequent fragments of lichen-stained rock ! like a ship labouring in a heavy «ea. With tbe introduction of machinery and j the numerous labour-saving appliances ' of modern times, th© hard physical toil i of the husbandman bas been reduced to J a_ minimum. There are many compara- i lively young men among us who remera- j ber the days when such was not the cafee, j when reaping, for example, was done by mean« of the old-fashioned hook, a weari- some, baek-achiug task, one would sup- i pose, as performed beneath the burning sun of an Australian December. There are yet to be seen farm implements, manufactured, with a homely «kill, which fulfilled their purposes sufficiently weli before the enterprising American flooded the market with all manner of ingenious patents, In Perth Museum, if we re- collect aright, is preserved a plough fash- ioned out of the trunk of a tree, and this in ¡ts day doubtless fallowed no incon- siderable area. But if thc adoption of machinery has perforce lessened the de- mand for agricultural hands, it must be remembered that tho wages sought and obtained by farm emplovees at the pre- sent time are far larger than those accen- ted hy the former generation- nractically double, in point of fact, although the cost of living has decreased with the plo« but steady rise-in populatiou, and the consequently Greater Facilities Afforded Producers and Consumers by the directors of over-seas traffic. Na- turally, with the apotheosis of the wori-: ing man, a new order ol' tilings prevails, and iu the unwritten history ol' Wie num- berless more or ie.ss potential societies and brotherhoods of the world, the hard- headed, prosaic trades unions of to-du> I must of necessity take an eminent, if not a pre-eminent, posit.iou. Kccently, during the course of conversation with one of the oldest surviving bottlers in this Staíi», u mon whose knowledge of the Avon Val- ley district extends back for _ seventy years, we learnt that half a century ago. when all harvesting was done by hand. . the customary remuneration was £l an acre. Threshing, by means of two pieces of wood lashed together so as to form a Hail, was rewarded nt the rate of sixpence j a bushel, lt may be added that in those days wheat realised ton shilling!-,- a bush- ¡ e!, an contrasted with the present time market value, ie. or 4s. Cd. Despite this fact, however, and contrary as it seems to reason, grain-growing is more profit- able to tho farmer now than in tho re- mote period when our forebears lived and toiled. Crops yield a far larger average an acre owing to the utilisation of fer- tilising substances of great efficacy, and also, possibly, to the system of deep ploughing which has gained in favour since its practical results have been made manifest. To emphasise tho hardships that the earlier settlers endured, and the almost prohibitive price of the-com- monest commodities of everyday exist- ence, it may be mentioned that in coun- try districts salted beef, as supplied at i the Government stores, sold nt ls, a I ponnd.nnd damaged American flour at an ! identical figure. A permanent farm- hand might expect X-3 a Month in Addition to His Board. At one time our friend above mentioned had a man in his employ who, in the course of 10 years received the sum of .£300 in wages. According to his own confession, every penny of (his went in drink during his periodical visits to the nearest town- ship. In contradistinction, ninny a hard- working, sober man started iu a like posi- tion, and in due time saved suflicient to establish himself upon the land; in near- ly every case these did well and flourish- ed exceedingly. The following will give some idea of the ever-increasing value of good land in the State. The first Gover- nor of Western Australia was allotted i j free gr;» nt ul' twelve thousand acres, which he selected not far from the 6ite of the present town ?ot Beverley. Shortly afterwards j a farmer, ' seeing the agricultural I possibilities of the proycrtv, sol«! three I hundred sheep nt .£,r> a bead and hoiurht th a estate for .£1,500; ultimate- ly, the larger portion of it was pur- chased for ¿22,000. Five pounds à lieaj seems au extraordinary figure for sheep, but to show the fluctuations in the price of stock which settlers iu a new country have often to face, it seems that at an eien earlier period than that just refer- red to, sheep chanced hands at ci ph toca pence apiece! It. is also on 'record that another estate, consisting of some seven ¡ thousand acres, which cost its original owner was subsequently sold for ever ¿20,000! j Native Troubles. j In the primitive days of settlement'. 1 th(v natives in the eastern districts -were excessively troublesome, and whilst en- gaged in ploughing, rea pi nc or other field work, the selector usually kept hi* rifle handy in the event of a treacherous attack. On one occasion a ßhepherd left home'to bring on some sliper* which bau st i a ved into the bush. When he re- turned he found his corta?" a hean of srnnuldering. gray ashes, and in their midst lay the charred and irrecog- i nibble retrains of his wife and mi ly ; child. A band of natives, travelling across country from their camp near the Canning flivnr, had crent down unon t hc isolated dwelling, and ftndinor it absolute: ly unprotected, had sti«ighHi>y mas sacred the helpless inhabitants, leaving their bodies to be consumed on the fune- ral pyre of their bumble abode. It is satisfactory to know that tbe perpetrators of the deed were speedily secured, and tbose directly responsible banged upon the very spot where the crime was com- mitted. Their capture «as mainly due io the activity and sagaciousness of a troop- er of police, who in his day earned a gieat reputation throughout the country- side as a sort of colonial Sherlock Holies; indeed, the natives held birmin such'awe that after a few determined, but, happily, unavailing attempts upon his life, they decided that he was invul- nerable, the mere mentiou of bis name being quite sufficient to set evil-doers shivering iu their dusky skins. The dei*1' of this one time officia] took place only recently at the advanced age of ninety years. Tn old days the primeval bush lands were much less dense than they are at tbe present time, the rea<$ou for this be- ing found in the fact that formerly the natives were in the habit of kindlintr huge fires whick swept over vast tract s of co mit ry, thus destroying the thick under- growth and enabling them lo move from ene point to another in pursuit of gam.* such as kangaroos and emus with nindi greater ease than would otherwise batv been the case. The Survey Point at Mount Bakewell. The laud in the Avon Valley stretching due south from York in the direction of Beverley was originally surveyed and al- lotted from the extreme summit ol Mount Bakewell, a hill of about thirteen hun- dred feet above nea level, situated three w.ilcs north of the older towu. The sur- veying point was at the foot of a mag- nificent white gum tree of gigantic pro jorlions which was a land mark 'rar many miles round, but by an net of ag- gressive vandalism this forest giant WSB felled, and_ a pile of loose granite rocks erected in its place. It is upon this hi' that the wedge-tailed eagle, or eagle-hawk as he is more commonly called, still makes his home, and may not infre- quently be. sejfii hovering high above the I tiee tops or wheeling o\er the desoíate ci.llies and watercourses; an enormous bird, whose wings, when expanded, must i n.easure fully five feet from tip to tip. j Dusk is fast drawing in and it. is time to be i urning homewards. The flanks of the hill are dipped in a sea of sombre j green. Overhead the faint, fan-sh aped flush of tbe sunset fades even as the eye rests upon it, and there is a gleam of gold and carmine to mark the tracV ; the departed day. The musical tinkling 1 of cow-bells sounds from the milking sheds, and a little flock of sheen are sett I lin« themselves for the night on the gentle slope of an upland field of stubble. A youug moon, sickle-shaped fit symbol of this time of naivest-is slir, ¡ pine: slowly westward« through a tanir'e I of tall trues. The lights of the towiisbin twinkle li're faint refWtinjis of 1\U> hitt. burning stars whick wheel into their ap Tflinted pisces in the vodvet-bluu heavens. ' .An owl The Coobook, or Mopoke, witches us cnvicusly from a gjiunt and leafless bough. His round, etaring eyes look all th. larger by thin uncertain light. Pre- sently bo starts a sort of rhvthwic bob- bing; the breeze ruffles his feathers un- til he appears twice his natural size; the« be spreads his wings and passes noiselessly away on his quest for prey, so I ntiselcssl.v that he might he a hage moi h slimming at the distance of a few feet above the ground, and thus he vanisher behind the outbuildings of the farm, about which the bats nicker with ligln uing twists and turns. The tired horse ¡ire drinking at thc Houghs as if 1i«tr thirst was unquenchable; the men «ie drinking, too-sugar-beer, a great casi: stands conveuieut on the back veranda'' of the homestead. Within is a cheerful glow, aud the rattle of cioekery betoken' tho near approach of teatime. We may pause in the orchard and pluck au apri- cot or two, dead-ripe, full oï a mellow, golden juice consistent with their motley skins-tawny-hued «nd crimson i." patches by the fiery salute of the Min. . livening Breezes. It is so pleasant out here that one it loth to go indoors, to immolate oneself by premature burial betwixt fo-ur «ails. After the. heat aud buiden of the day, the soft wind fans the face gently and breathes a cool, refreshing fragrance. Tho sweet odour of the sleeping earth rises like incense in this vast temple of the night, its majestic dome hung with a i myriad mystic lights. There is not a sound to break the supreme stillness save the distant call of curlews as they pass- over the darkening fields on their way fi om creek to lonely creek, and the hm sh cry of a night-hawk as it seeks thc tenebrous solitudes of the wooded -hills, lu the towuship itself, »ri rd led as it is by low eminences, there is little to tomtit one at the close of a long summer's day. The streets ave sun-seorch^d and iv»wW«r ed thick with a red dust. The very houses seem to radiate heat; they have scarce time to sbpmcr down er« tbocn nitcnaHnir rays" are once more focussed full upon them. Homo ol' the shops already IJCOÍX C hristmus decorations-boughs of gar©-, i rees lat-hed to the verandah-püst»; g'Hr'.y btwr.i'igs lu 11 «i ¡íiiaiiiu'it eon i vc ? iioiury. Men (sprawl upon ¿he pavement', propped up against friendly walls, and .-woke and spit at random. The pubiir Jiouses do a roaring tra.de. A few shops are still open; these are principally de- voted to the saie of edible commodities, and the retailing of haberdashery aud mysterious-looking articles of feminine apparel. There is a subtle scent of oranges am! dust in the atmospheje- . vimething like the odour which hangs .»bout the pit of an old-fashioned tbel.rc. The Everlasting Country. As to-day has been, so will to.-indrroA' be; here in the fertile valley where ma» !ia* long made his home; further a.f»>ld. among the scattered settlements that; form thc outer circle of every prosperous townshin; and in the more remote din dirts, where sun-tanned toi lew ar» quick 1 of action but sion of speech, fl« hecoirefh these who dwell in the silent haunt» of the brooding spirit of solitude, whose voice is heard only in the wail of the tempest and the sough of the wind in the iciest trees. Before the rod cock has Ci-afiéd shrilly to herald the dawn, ere the üerv nmorons sun has swuinr clear of the eastern ridges to run his course across the cloudless.sky, the earth will once again yield up her fruits iu rich abundance. The insensate harvester will fulfil its appointed task, stripping, win- nowing, and casting forth the grain-as a miser pours forth his gold-into sacks brimming over and pressed down, a full measure; until at length the last head of wheat has l'alleu and the harvest ie safe . ly garnered away. And we, who watch I and wirk, arc for the time being, so it pleases us to think, "'mere kindly ani- mals and sheep of nature'© flock," living very close to the mighty heart of our mother earth, whose smiles and tears, whose frowns and caresses, we know so well und love, as it behoves "us to love the best birthright of mankind. And into her strong aims we shall commend our- selves when she beckons us home to her ample bosom. 