BÜS1Í SPORT. WILD DUCK, PIGEONS, QUAIL. AND PARROTS. A CAMP-OUT IN TUE DARKAN DISTRICT. (By L.B.J.) All through thc forenoon the wooded hills in tho direction of the Talbot have lain shrouded in a thin bluo hasse. Thorp is a subtle smell in thc air-an aromatic flavour, reminding one inde- finably of the lingering reek of incense fresh from censer swinging among tho dim aisles of some crumbling church «¡t : about with quaint, crooked houses in an old-world city, time-worn and gray, beneath thc cold skies of a northern clime. It is-the season Of tho bush fires, and one is raging not many in i lea distant from the quiet, valley and homestead, remote from other human habitation this sleepy hollow whero tho corn has been cut and garnered, and the yellow «tubble is all that is left of whilom broad acres of golden grain. Tho sun, that, "hot amourist with glowing eyes," stares down fiercely upon j the brown face of the parched cattle. A ' land breeze soughs through the droop- ' ing trees like the breath of a dying fur- nace. There is a mountain of white cloud piled high above the far horizon, «potions as driven snow against the deep turquoise hue of the surrounding skies. Slowly the hours slip bv. until the east- ward facing hills lie steeled in shadows, ' and the pitiless glare of thc monarch 3Í day softens-a gentler light is in his eyes as the time of his depajtrue draws near. There Aro Five of Us in the large, four-wheeled trap, togeth- er with three double-barrels, half a doz- en blankets, and enough "tucker" for a small army. Cartridges there arc in any number, our pockets bulge out with them, four boxes, each containing fifty i assorted, lurk somewhere in the neigh- bourhood of the black and battered 'Tbilly-ean." For two miles our way lies along a, road thick in red dust, and the rays of the slanting sun strike full in our eyes as wo drive due west. Then wo turu off into a well-worn track, winding through uncleared paddocks, in places thick with poison plant; tall gum-trees rustle drowsily overhead, and a chequer of light and shade is ever be- fore us as we go. Post J. Morse's and W. T. Craig's holdings, and down into a steep dip ly- ing between two low opposing hills; past quiet fields where horses and sheep stray across the sun-burnt stubble, and u homestead besieged by »cares of wheel- 1 ing pigeons, and bevjes of waddling ducks and self-important geese; up a lou ? slope miming parallel with a wire fence, where the carcase of a fat sheep iics, his front legs entangled in a twist- ed strand, a noisy cloud of flies already buzzis!"- about his prostrate form, and a dozen carping crows circling at a safe distance, loudly entreating us to begone with all speed, until on level ground once more-although in places the track bail been washed into deep ruts by thc winter rains-wc can look back upon undulating bush lands, with here and l here an open clearing, and twelve miles away the summit of Mount Bakewell thrust like a great wedge against the glowing sky. We are out of thc region of cultiva- tion now, and driving through a vast Government, reserve, heavily ti inhered country-white cums, salmon gums, jal - lah, an undergrowth of olive-green palms and nricklv scub; meen every- where, unrelieved save by the pale boles of the trees and an occasional bindi blos- soming with a small, FcenUess flower, the rich hue of moorland heather. Blackboys flourish wofuselv. their pre- sence indicates good soil, they say. Now and then we "ha ve to make a ^detour in order to avoid the trunk of a ful'mi tree which lies across t^e track, dangerous enough to au equestrian on a moonless ui<*ht when the forest is wraived i'< im nenetrable darkness, and o«dv the hoot in? of a morepork breaks the weird sil- ence which girdles lonely hill and steep ravine. About Fifteen Miles from Home we come to our first halting place-a veritable oasis set in the midst of a wide stretch of sand. Hero arc two deep wells and a couple of springs ; the water, although of a brownish line- al- most coffee-coloured, in fact-is quite palatable. Alt about these wells thc vegetation grow» luxuriantly. The bracken is shoulder-high, the stinkwood impenetrably thick. This last, if used for firewood purposes, will taint any- thing tho unwary campcr-out. ni av chance to cook thereon, but it is good feed, and cattle oat it with avidity. A cluster of tall gum-trees rise from the tangled undergrowth, and on the out skirls of the springs flourishes thc swamp-bauksia with its curious yellow flower: here and there is u patch of ashv-gray smoke-bush. Tho Sun is Low Down among the stems of the forest trees, and soon he will dip out of sight alto- gether. Shafts of rosy-light shoot be- tween leafy boughs and spliuter against huge knotted trunks which plow in the wann raye until ii seems as if one-half tho bush is thc prey of a fire that burns but cannot consume. Now thc great mountain of white cloud ifs broken into little ripples of ruddy mist winged with purple. All round tho springs the par rotp aro wheeling and stooping and darting from tree to tree, literally m hundreds. This sunset hour iß loud with their shrill outcrying. Their glossy green plumage glis'ens as thev flash athwart the belated beams of light. The silver and brown wattle bird adds his note to the general clam- our. A pigeon gleams a beautiful bronze colour' es he perches for a mo- ment on a topmost branch jost aflush with gold. Wc eye our double-barrels wistfully, but there ie no time to linger, we have another ten miles to go before wo reach our abiding piaco for tho night, besides, it it» tho bronae-wings* breeding season, for I saw a nest a few moment» ago built in the fork of a I low tree, a newt fashioned of twigs rude- ly put together, and containing in this [ instance two egg« of au ivory-white hue. Merely |>ansing to water the thirsty ! horse;;, and to take a drink ourselves out of the cool water-bag, we jolt off ' again in the fiery regions of the west. Past a clump of Christmas trees, look- ing like a« orange grove with mellow fruit pendulous amid a dusky foliage, wo cross a gully where a couple of na- tives are encamped with their gins "snaring 'potsum," so they tell us, and leaving a deserted surveyors' camp-its framework grey with age and weather upon our right hand, we plunge into tho heart of the bush-fire whoso smoke hung in a haze about the hills, miles away near our starting point. Tho light is ! fast thickening, and wc can see the rod ! flames dancing on either side of us as we journey along the sinuous track. A blue reek fill» tho air, making the eyes smart, and filling the mouth with a strong pungent flavour. Tho green undergrowth has been swept clean, and onlv iv few stunted saplings stand out forlornly on the bare, blackened soil. : Some of the trees ave burning at the ! root»*, some at the summit, others have kindled in the centre, and, as the flames work slowly upward, elow in the dusk like monstrous carbuncles. The Fire Has Been Governed by a Ficklo Wind ; wc think wc have left it behind us, and, lo 1 after a. mile of virgin bush we come upon it again, creeping slowly along tho side of squat ironstone hills, muttering, ominously, shooting out little tongues i of flame, and licking up tree and siirub as it winds upon its devastating way. By the time wo are finally free of ir, ' night has fallen, the sky is set with a galaxy of glittering stare, and a half- moon «wings through a drift of rack, ns a ship thrashes her way through a ris- ing sea. I There is a long har of black cloud, its lower edge a deep crimson, down in the far west, and a faint rosy glow which dies even as the 3azo rests upon it. The indistinct form of a kangaroo hors away through the scrub, travelling in big, un- gainly bounds *?'?"». 'iver linn rocky ground, and through heavy, sandy soil, we journey oil until the trees open out before us, and we come to a wide, open space, but dimly discernible beneath tho light of the trammelled moon, and learn that it is by the swamp that wo ere to pitch our camp until such time as the dawn shall rouse us to the doubt- ful delights of duck shooting before breakfast. I A Fire is Speedily Crackling Cheerily ; thc nearer trees arc thrown into bold relief, and the loud quack, quack of our destined quarry is borne to us from tho far end of thc swamp. The horses are wa--tem: "lid i'--'«:orod ..nd s?ipp<T, consisting of "tinned dog," otherwise corned beef, bread, and a "billy" of black tea being disposed of, we group about the fire to smoke a final pipe be- fore seeking repose. Rolled in a blan- ket, with head pillowed upon a pair of leggings, my last waking recollection is of the white boles of tho gums glimmer- ing in the palo moonshine, the last sound that steals to my drowsy senses, tho harsh outcrying of ducks as they move restlessly in the slender, wliisper I iug reeds. An Hour ' r Tu 1 I nlvr I become half conscious of a change in tho weather. A chill wind iias arisen, t which roams drearily through tho sha- dowy forest trees. The sky is overcast, and dark clouds hurry in from the dis- tant sea. the moon is hidden, but a wan, watery gleam shows that she still struggles to assert her supremacy as queen of the night. The dying embers j of tho fire flicker feebly, and the mourn I ful howling of a dingo conics to me [ from somewhere in the outlying oliscur ity. A 60ft rain begins to descend in heavy drops. I suddenly become alive to the discomforts of the "simple life," burrow down into my blankets like a bandicoot, and in the act of burrowing, and despite the persistent attentions of numberless mosquitoes, I I Drop Off Into Slumber Once Again. . At a quarter to four a.m. it is with a feeling of intense disgust that I learn the time has arrived for active exer- tion. The hour immediately preceding dawn is raw and inclement. Nearly blind with sleep and fatigue, I pull on boo+s and leggings, cram a courje of car- tridges into my gun, and with my two companions crawl down to thc edge of the swamp, not without an envious backward glance at the silent, peaceful forms of those members of our party who have sufficient good sense to ignore tho claims of fowling in favour of an extended period of reposo. In open order we proceed to wade through the breast-high rushes, knee-deep in brown, ; chilly water. Tho upper half of the ] reeds are the colour of ripe wheat, the lower a dull green. Every now and again the vivid blood-red of some marsh 1 flower, flourishing in a tangle of trail- ing weed catches the eye alni shows where the ground is firmer underfoot THEMOST BRACING OF BATHS. : A delicious sensation of Coolness and purity instantly follows a bath containing a little Condy's Fluid, which invigorates the body and braces the nerves in a manner that is unattainable by any other means. The Cooling and Bracing effects are Simply Magical They last for several hours. Condy's Fluid is sold by all Chemists. All substitutes are greatly inferior. Insist on having "Condy's Fluld.'_' than hero iu the centre of the swamp. I pluck a handful of reeds and dispose them about tho baud of my hat. Bent Double, Feeling Each Step Carefully before setting the foot down, the mois- ture squelching in my boots, only con- scious of a burning desire to have done with the whole affair and get back to breakfast, I creep alono: tho swamp. Herc and there the rushes are beaten down, showing where tbe ducks have passed from pool to pool. The gray light of dawn is just breaking, and a lino of hills right in front of us becomes more clearly defined each moment. Suddenly the swamp opens out into a broad stretch of pallid water, flecked with the white flower of some aquatic weed : there is a wild outcry, a tremendous flapping of powerful wings, and a great cloud of duck rise from the very centre of the pool, wheeling overhead, un if un- certain in which direction to take flight. I let drive with both barréis murderously vindictive, had it not been for ducks, I should at this moment have been sleeping the sleep of the just and thc unjust. A few feathers flutter in the air; the impetus of flight carries a wounded duck a considerable distance : presently he descends in a long slant j and crashes into the reeds. On either hand my companions discharges arouse a host of echoes, so that a perfect volley seems to roll across the marshy ' land. There is just-time to rani two more car- tridge's into the smoking breech and Are at haphazard, as the duck scatter and fly at top speed far out of ranee, going due west in the direction of the river. I find I have fluked a brace, the other* fill ve three apiece to their credit . Four Brace ig» All. At the extreme end of the swamp is another pool thickly overshadowed by paper- bark trees white with flower. From this pool two grey herons rise and flap heavily away. It is a long shot, but I manage to bring one down with tho choke-bore; tile other, more fortunate than its companion, escapes unharmed. I can see him perched at tho top of A lofty tree whence he takes literally a bird's-eye view of the whole swamp, craning his head and neck this i wav and that, very much on the alert, and quite impossible to approach. With this measure of success wc are perforce content, and thoroughly atvake by now, retrieve our spoil, splash back to «amp where we find tho sluggards bave sha- ken off their sloth and are busy making preparations for a welcome meal. The Margin of the f&vamp; is «¡cored with the ïoot-prints of the wild bush-pony or brumby. The emu has left his track likewise; indeed, lhere are innumerable traces of bird and beast, for this is the only water for some considerable distance., The sun is pushing his way up through a host of little rosv cloudl.'rs -o alter a wash and breakfast, the horses are nut into the trap and we ' return by tne same road we traversed tho previous evening, j past tho smouldering; bush fire to tho wells hy tho saud plains. On arrival, au immediate start is made with thc parrots. There is no lack of sport "twenty-eights," roadlas, aud king par- rots seem numberless, the only question is will the cartridges hold outV No need to walk even, only to stand still and shoot. The gaily plumaged birds fly in flocks from tice to tree ; now low and straight as a dio, now darting in a zig- zag flight high overhead. Occasionally one rocket» for all the world like ti oock-phenvmt. l,!io liriiij» cea.se!e~> ; there is barely time to pull the empty cases from the reeking breech und re- load. Hie shot hisses and patters am- ong the boughs ; twigs aro cut off short, leaves and gaudy feathers come flutter- ing down through the still air. Above the sharp detonations of tho do"ble-bar rels sounds the shrill crying of the scar- ed birds. The Lust of Slauglrter. so firmly rooted in thc human heart, holds each one of us in thrall. Parrots aro winged and drop flapping and screaming in tho long dry grass. Par- rots fall riddled with shot into the wil- derness of undergrowth by the springs irrecoverably lost. Fnrrots are blown out of all shape. Occasionally one bar- rel will bring down two or three at a time. We forget to mentally score un each other's misses for future reference. The «yes smart, the mouth becomes parched and feverish : there is a flavour of ponder in every breath we take into our lungs. A covey of quail keep get- ting np in unexpected places; twice I step right into their midst ns they crouch perdue in the grass; on each oc- casion they run with incredible speed to thicker cover. A family party oí1 kaii karoo-rats, half distracted with terror, dart wildly hither and thither ; I could knock the youngest-a pretty, .brown eyed baby-over with a stick. Instead, I watch iiini «o to earth with some de- gree of satisfaction. At Last by Mutual Consent We Desist , and wander round picking np dead birds and despatching the wounded. When we sit down to our mid-day meal there aro four brace of duck, seventy six parrots, two pigeons, five quail, and seven wattle-birds in the big sack be- neath tho seat of the trap, all excellent cathie and sufficient to make us free of butcher's meat for a while at least. The homeward drive is hot and weari- some. Although. there is a good deal of cloud about, the heat is stiffiualy op- pressive-worse than thc actual glare of thc noontide sun. Thc whole vast for- est is wrapped in a silence ominous ;n its intensity. There is not a bird to bc seen or heard. From far away Comes a. sullen mutter of thunder, and, eyer "?nd anon, a flickerinf play of lightning above thc distant hills. A storm is brewing, so we make what speed we may to cover the long miles which Ho between us, and thc homestead in tho ^ollow-lands where tho brown, dusty -?-»ad runs down to thc drowsy valley through which the river Avon goes upon its winding way. 