.... . BOOLARRA, Tuesday. ihc town is enveloped in smoke. In Budgerec Messrs. Tucker and Payne arc having a hard fight with the fires. Their fencing and a lot of grass has been burnt, are ngnung to save tneir home stead. COBDEN, Tuesday, throughout Monday bush fires raged fiercely in various portions of the district, causing great destruction of fences and ?.ras5' At Cowley's Creek the road was lined with fire for a considerable distance. At Rivernook House, a fire swept down through the scrub, and a number of volun teers had a severe struggle to save the popular tourist resort. At Brueknell and South Ecklin a large quantity of fencing was destroyed, and a few head of cattle were burnt. GISBORNE, Tuesday. A fire which had been burning in the ranges for the past few du.vs broke away, and is now burning fiercely within about two miles of Gisborne. About 100 people were out last night striving to limit the area of the lire. Those in the line of the fire arc burning fire breaks. HAMILTON, Tuesday. A bush fire broke out on Sunday on the property of Mr. 0. Carter, 4 miles from Condah, in the direction of Hotspur. Fanned by a strong wind, the flames travelled rapidly, and several homesteads were in jeopardy. They were, however, all saved by the efforts of a number of neighbors. Many sheep were badly scorched, and a large extent of gras3 land and males of fencing were destroyed. Tlie fire made headway again yesterday and worked considerable damage. Air. J. Urquhart, manager of Condah Station, did splendid service with a water cart. LANG LANG, Tuesday. Bush fires have made their appearance in this district, and; have swept through the properties of Messrs. Doyle and Fair- child. TRARALGON, Tuesday. Extensive bush-fires have been raging in this district. At Traralgon South a con siderable amount of damage has been done. The first fire started near Shingle "Creek- bridge, which had a narrow escape, and destroyed about- 80 acres of grass which Air. Geo. Pentland had been saving for winter feed. At Callignce a fire spread into the properties of Alessrs. Faulkner, A. Thompson, J. Iloldcn, G. Pentland, C. Stammers, T. Powell and W. Eiston, jun., destroying several hundreds of acres of grass and a good deal of fencing. Several emus were scon on! tlie Traralgon South- road, half stupid byjsmoke. On the west side of Traralgon Creek the whole country was on fire, and Missrs. A. AI'Nair, D. Beaton, AV. Rose, Hi Toner, J. Thompson, A. Downie, AY. Elsipn and T. Shanahan arc heavy losers. pn Sunday Air. A. Downie had a hard fight to save his house, the lire approaching \o: within a chain of same. Alcssrs. J. Downie, A. IIowcll hnd AI'Gartland have also lost their grass. At Callignce Alessrs. J. Bodyeomb, J. Hoi- croft, J. Draffin, AAr. R. Hepburn, T. Dodd, J. Toner, AI. AYoolfe andjj. Bleakiey have lost grass and fences. A lirge fire is raging in the hills at Tyors, nnj has reached al ready Alessrs.' Paulet ana J. AA\ Grubb's selections. Large fires am also burning in the ranges at the rear of Cowwarr, Glen garry and Toongabbie. Further bush fires i re reported. At Glengarry Air. R. Gibsoi had a hard fight to save liis house and futbuildings, while other properties are in danger. In the Callignee district the diances of success fully fighting the fires ire small, owing to the abundance of grasl. AVARRACKN: BEAL, Tuesday. vAfr. H. Byron, fan er, of Bangerang, was burning off stub! e yesterday, when he lost control of the fire. It spread to the adjoining property of Air. G. AArilIiam- son, and several milei of fencing and a large quantity of grass and a stack of oats wore burnt. Air. AA'i iiamson was away, and the only person m his farm was a woman, who managec to keep the fire away from the house b beating the flames with a bag. Air. Byrcp ploughed a couple of furrows round All? Williamson's pad dock to prevent the fire making further progress. j 