SYDNEY SHOW EXHIBITS. JOHN HANKS AND SON PRO PRIETARY LIMITED. At the recent agricultural show this firm j exhibited several of their irrigation plants,' and they had on the space allotted to thein: centrifugal pumps, 2ft. to 6ft., worked by the oil-engines for which they are agents, j These pumps were discharging water at the | rate of 3,000 to 45,000 gallons per hour. > The oil-engines represented were the In-' bernational and P^tt oil-engines, for the j latter Messrs. Danks being sole agents. It is claimed for this engine that it can be worked at the very low cost of 4d. per hour, and that it is cheap and reliable, and of very j simple mechanism. Messrs. Danks had many classes of pumps at work for band,1 horse, and belt power, also their own make of double-action pumps, geared lor oil-en-; gines. 6emi-rotaj$ ana monitor and ordi nary force and lift pumps were also shown,! and could be worked at pleasure. The by-1 draulic ram sold.by this firm is a pump, which Is worked by a fall of water flowing into the ram-like machine, thus working au tomatically. The firm issues a small pamphlet respecting this ram. "Steel Star" windmills on galvanised steel towers, ball bearing, and self-governing, and made to withstand heavy gales, were exhibited. Church and fire beus, eheep and cattle troiighing, manufactured by the Arm, were on view, while in their commodious shed were gas pendants and incandescent goods, baths of many kinds^ enamel sinks, coppers, i6-boiling rings and path-heaters, wood pul leys, ^nd sensitive engine governors. Ac. ^ 7-7 vfV They also showed much plumbers' brass work, of which, being brasB founders, they are the manufacturers. Sanitary ware ana rubber hose of the high Columbia make—a 6-J>ly long-iwearing hose—helped to make a highly serviceable, interesting, and practical series of exhibits. Catalogues may be ob tained from 324 Pitt-street, Sydney. GEO. E. FORTESCJUE AND SONS. The prevalence of rabbits throughout the interior caused much attention to be directed to the poison-carts shown by these exhibitors. The chief feature of their improved "IXL" cart is the mechanism for expelling the poisoned bait. This consists of an ingeniously-contrived gun-metal screw, weighing only 41b., which workB in a drum of a converging shape, and by this means all intricate working parts are dispensed with. The draught of the cart iB thus also very considerably reduced, which is an im portant consideration. They also showed bush fire-fighters, homestead water-carts, and Bosker fumigators. Messrs Fortescue and Sons also exhibited a patent adjustable vehicle wheel tyre, the object of the inven tion being to obviate the necessity of cutting or shutting in consequence of the shrinking of the rims of thfeswheels. By the means! of this invention the adjustment of the tyre can be effected in a few minutes, and at any time and place, without cost. Catalogues may be had from the works, Arncfiffe. Sydney. THE TVREE PATENT SPRAYER. A very valuable exhibit affecting impor tant industries was the Tyree patent sprayer. With the aid of this most simple machine, the man on the land can keep the insect pests down at small cost and with the least expenditure of labour. In addition be kills off noxious and undesirable vegeta tion, such as prickly pear, mallee scrub, lan tana, &c.;, at about 5/ per acre, including labour and material. The machine is also being very largely used for wbite- wasliing or painting, the spraying of cattle for tick, of sheep for blowfly, and fruit trees for scale; also cabbage for caterpillar, and buildings for disease. It is also in use for the oiling of streets and the painting of ships. MR. T. H. HICKS. Mr. T. H. Hicks, implement-maker, of High-street, North Botany, bad a Very fine display of his farm and station ma chinery, comprising numerous specimens of his "ideal" poison-carts, of various types. Mr. Hicks has recently made some valu able improvements, including the adding of springs for the lighter running of that vdhicle. The new design also of a foot and share is a decided improvement, ihe share being brought right back to the bait shield, thus preventing the possi bility of bait getting out of the trench. Two bush-fire fighting machines of 100 and 200 ;allons respectively' excited no little inte The 200-gallon tank, which is fitted powerful low-down pump, brass ougbout, has great forcing power, bed sprinkler is very effective for asa or laying dust. The 100-gal fitted with No. 4 semi-rotary also excellent qualities. Power \fvil ^pmigators, a large Bulldozer pump, by a Melville oil engine, and pumps of many other descriptions were shown. Table-top lamb-markers, pit traps, tussock ■ burners, wire strainers, Wire coilers, and droppers were also amongst the exhibits. J. VICARS AND CO. Messrs. John Vicars and Co., of the Woollen Mills, Marrickville, Sydney, formed one of the comparatively few ex hibits of manufactures entirely Australian. It comprised a great variety of tweeds, worsteds, blankets, travelling rugs, &c.; The firm guarantee that all their manufactures are absolutely pure wool, with the possible exception that sometimes a silk thread is added. Probably one of the most interest ing sights and busiest scenes amongst the industries of Sydney is the superbly fitted up weaving mills of this enterprising firm at Marrickville. THE WUNDERLICH COMPANY LTD. The Wunderlich Patent Ceiling and Roof ing Company Limited had numerous exhi bits of a very attractive character. Their new pavilion in the main avenue contained an assortment of artistic designs in metal ceilings, dados, friezes, capitals, wall cover ings, cornices, &c..; all manufactured by the company. Part of the exterior of the build ing has been built to represent a brick and stone structure, and passers-by constantly tested it with their knuckles and umbrellas to see if it were the real thing or not. In addition to the foregoing display, the com pany showed some very elaborate work in moulded copper for the new Melbourne railway station. Besides being metal manu facturers, Messrs. Wunderlich are agents for the famous Marseilles roofing tiles, ex amples of which are visible on the roofs of houses in so many of our cities and towns. They have also recently acquired the agency for and exhibited the Morris automatic fire-sprinkler, an excellent invention for au tomatically extinguishing a fire at an early stage. The proposal embodied in the Butter and Margarine Bill, now before the House of Commons, to legalise the sale of a third article, in addition to hotter and margarine, with a moisture limit of 24 per cent., is meeting with adverse criticism in England from the point of view of the grocery and provision trade. According to the "Grocer" of February 23, the legalisation of the third article might result in its sale assum ing large proportions in a few years, as firms that have refused to produce it would be forced in future to fignt competitors with their own weapons, however strongly they may object to the milk-blended article. The report of the Parliamentary Committee of the Federation of Grocers' Associations Pre sented in February, stated that it has been pointed out to the Government that the "Federation is absolutely opposed to the in troduction of the third article, such as milk-blended butter." Against the trade opposition, however, is to be set the fact that the advocates of the third article are an influential body. 