WESTERN NOTES. (l'ïoiii Our Own Correspondent.) To Mic shearing cuiitraotor ia'to bc attri- buted the present-day practice of light- ning shearings." Tlie fussier the nico get thc wool oil, thc shorter the shed,'.«nd the leas; wages they have to pay the reirsc sbouis. With 'tJicm time means money, «nd every contractor ides to save ns much time-and, incidentally, money-as is eom mciKUM-nte with the satisfaction of the man wikir. happens to own or bc in charge uf thc sheep. Sensational tallies arc not always synonymous with good shearing : but it is the aim and object of ^hearing contractor:, to get .together a team ot as tost and. good shearers a» possible. Thc'Winton'Sheen- ing Ooinjiany hos, got together such J team, and, under thc t>upcrvision of Mr. H. Iv Williams, it does (jowl wort. Lt does not break any record in thc way of individual tallies ; but every luau cuts well up and geU the maximum quantity of wool ? off. This ooinpany finished thc shearing of 31,000 foliecp kt Ayrshire Downs on Wed- nesday. Tihere were eighteen ¡Jiearers em- ployed, and they sent thc «heep down the shoots; in ten days. This works out al nu average of about 173 per day for the whole iun--a very good performance-and thc lugliest tally hy one mau was 222 by Mr. W.' fjynam, who «Iso rang thc shed. Mr. W. Clarke was second with 207. There are plenty of men who eau beat these figures il the shed overseer " lets them go." The " drummer."* in one shed. i* ire«,ucuUv found well up iii another, whore jtliey are not so purtinular about thc cut, and in dealing with shearing records there ure ninny things to lie taken into considera- tion.' At Ayrshire Downs thc sheep were fnir slicaring and thc weather was perfect. At Cooinda a few dav's before a full boord of fifteen of the same mcu cut the splendid avcrrgc of 1SI per man in a day. Most of ;Uie shearers rame into town to make a start at-thc local scour on thc 14th in- stant, tile, first lot to go through being 8000 sheep belonging to Slr. James Mit- chell. These will be followed by other selectors- flockt*, and a good run is looked forward to. What with shearing, scour .ing.eaitiirg, und droving, thc local tenir is a big factor to Winton. ll is an eahy mutter to prohpesy evil, yet it is not always so'pleasant io find those prophecies fulfilled. Predictions of buslifircs have been in the air for some time, and, as you, have already been ad- vised, a disastrous one «wept over portions of Manuka, Sesbania, npd Wyora runs. Thousands upon thousands of ncrcs of splendid grass was destroyed, fencing was burnt, olid, worst titan nil, n large number of sheep )>criehcd in thc Hames. Cue iii'.thoiity who was at one of tile stations mentioned nt thc time puts the. number lost, nt 1000, and even then it is very que-«. Ulumbie if this is an upprouch to flic full total of the three runs. Even nome of the sheep brought in for .-hearing nt Manuka allowed marks of scorching by, the flumes when liebig shorn. Hie fire swept within luilf-n-iiule of Manuka homestead, and two tniles of thc woolshed, and leajied both the Jiifbniond and Hughenden railway tracks. Those who have had experience of thc west know how hopeless is the task of tiying to.stoji a bushfire with the wind behind it when thc grass is long and dry. How they sttót in tiie first instance iii usually a mys- tery. J am .told, however, that "n spark from an engine ion the Cloncurry Railway caused a fire which inflicted sciions losa on a selector, who is now endeavouring to claim damages from thc Hallway Depnrt nieht, and the title goes that it was not the regular train either, but <t special. ?' Manuka cut out on thc 8lh instant after a run of n little under n month, during which time 51,000 sheep were shorn. Mr. .lohn Lenhy was tho contractor, having Mr. J. Williams as classer. Mr. J. M'Carly ne shed overseer, and Mr. A, Johnston ai expert. Mr. T. Sutton nmg the shod, hts highest tally hoing IOU ; but this was not thc highest individual record by a long way, ns Mr. W. Creen out 205, several 20(1, ami Mr. C. Fleming 1»0. The only delay was caused by the bushfire, which burnt fencing and allowed some of the sheep lo got away. Tho whole clip will lie scoured lit the Alba ii orles. Speaking of this, 1 may mention that the number of bales ot wool treated nt tho Alba and sisieT weimr at l.aiin, on Oondooroo, will re.icji 14,000 for the season, which représenla quito « respectable lolal of value in pounds, shil- lings, juill pen«'. Mr. A. .1. B. M'Master is tho manager n( Kith these works for the proprietary company. From record shearing to record wool londing is lull a step. Yesterday Mr. Harry Cooley, tho well-known currier, do livend at Messrs. Itnmsnv and Co.'s dump, at thc local railway still ion. thc record _' _ iiriulier m il.'! hale" ol r-eourod wiml itt ou {.?»?. limn Dagworth, i'lir distance >- lilt) :lioi( ul' Hil) mill's, ami Ali. < ««>...». had I inv- llif Oiiura'nlilia Itiior »¡'li' hi- bi, ? uriio. Tim (.nial weight wa< \J Um J owl. Mr. Conley's last load from Dag ivorl.il (olulled litt hall«, hill iliil jiotruiu I wein' lons in twight. 'Hie Shin' Council met on Tue-ikn There Here pii'-ent : Me-sr*. A. 1). lian lav (in the chair), X. Jianisiv, W. ll ( unieron, H. Kulgarnie, M. liaughaii, A \V. X. llcll. .uni A. .1. ll. M'Miislor. Th |)rinci|ial business den lt with wu» thc quo; lion of altering Hie privent cesspit systi'ii oi s.iuilatinn. It has been Imaging fir now for thc la-i six mont hü. and. jiy i peculiar oiculii lice, it. has had lo lie let i vcr for anntliiT month. Mr. Oanieroi moved, anil thc Chairman seconded, fha immediate step* lie taken to inslal the pm sj strm. Mr. (,'augliau niuved ns an amciid inuit-and Mr. ».'ll seconded it--that th liuitfcr lie referred to thc ralcpiveis. Tin luwi.diuont uni. Inst hy four voles lo Ihrer The cnViual million iras then put. OnV the mover anil seconder voled for it. tin othcts not. voling, and us their votes wen taken in thc negative, thc motion was de fellini also. Members did not quite rca lis,, nli.it IMI] happened until too lute. Tin onh uuv ont of'the dilliculty was adoptci \--namely, giving not ire of mofioii for Hu di:ru-s»i<iii nf (lie matter at the next meet inir. Medical testimony is against tin csspit system, yd .it is n remarkable fact that nevera I members of the Council1 win have had abundant experience of the mon modern system ill Hughenden. Townsville and other centres consider the lader bj far thc most objectionable. After all. how ever, it is no doubt a question of admitils tuition, for figures quoted slimy (lint Ihr typhoid fever cusps in Winton within .1 stipulated pcrúvf were more muñeron* I than in four other inland town where tin modern System is in vogue put together : bul how far tin's is directly traceable tn i thc sanitary system is a matter of conjee turc. The Hospital Committee mel the samo day and dealt nilli two malters of interest to'inland cen I irs. There were present j Mr. W. ,T. Hutchinson (in the chair). W. If. A. Oamoron. .T. B. Hood.*1. \Y. Oonah. 1?. 11). Whitehill, IC. nalfrnrnie. A. -I. Tl. M'Mus 11er. mid A. Johnston. The Surgeon (Dr. Ii. Cameron) submitted his rc|inrf. on thc question of Hie trciitnii nt of ophthalmic caso*, in reply to the fiovormneut's cireu IInj- asking what the Hospital Mould charge foi the treatment of indoor and outdnni I ophthalmic patients who might lie sent for tinalment by the Government. Medical Oiliior. Thc Committee went into (Inure*, luid deeiilwl that, lo begin with, flic Ctn vernuient would require to Imild and oqtiiji a male and female wind ut (he Hospital, Tlien there would be .?100 n-yca.r extra to »lie Kui-geon, .{.'20 for drugs, an<) a spécial nurse, a-sis(ancc. and food* brought thc fofal to t'4.r>0 |)er minimi. This waa based on nu average ot. say, eight indoor jKitienls al! Hie yeal- round, though, of course, thc mm,lier would vary greatly in the twelve II:'.nih-. .At first sight this muy seem a fairly big Mini : but it would work out a good deal less than ]s. a day for outdoor patients and 3s. a-day for indoor patients, ami il seem* iiueslionnble whether it has milly licou linnie high enough. The second matter was brought up by Mr. Cameron, and though il does not nhVot large centres like liockhnuipton, it is oí considerable moment tn western centres-namely, thc pf.íctico of thc Government in summoning lin- resident surgeon of a country hospital tu .iltend a Court case at n coastal epntre hundreds ol' milos away, thc community which pay's tho surgeon's salary being left without thc semccs of a medica] mau for, |ict hup«, weeks «ut end. Ificetilly we had itu cx|K')ieiuc of that in \Vin!on,'ivhen Dr. Cn mei on «as compelled to go to Towns- ville in a ouse where a mud Chinaman had str.hbed and killed his countryman. Thc Surgeon was away over a week. Previous re timi. Dr. Malro) Cniti-hlield was taken all thc way from Moulin, to Townsville over n blackfellow ulm wan shut. Holli these ^ western centres were left without medical skill. A luí-mu tents for such pciiods is out of thc question, and the. Government, compels the doctors to go. ¡Jut Mr. Came- ron's M>lHtion of thc difficulty is practical. If, says he, thc Uovimunni compels, thc surgeon of a western' town to go to Court eUowhero, il should provide, another medi- cal man lo lake his place. It is not a fair thing to leave a western community unpro- tected, very often on a merely farcical pro. ceduje. (JUier inland towns ure to be com- municated with hy circular on tho mat- ter with a view *(o joint action behn/ taken. A s|icoj.i! general meeting of Un? Korth Gregory Turf Club iras hold on Tuesday evening lust-Mr. A. P. liamsay in the rhair-lo mushier the mot ion given notice1 of by Mr. T. Sri ulan te increase thc annual subscription from .Cl ls. to £2 2s. This action was deemed noressnry owing to thc finanoi.il position of the club, which has boen floundering along in the mire of ic I>eated deficits for years. There was a little lio^tUe criticism; liuta mot ion for thc post poucment of consideration of thc matter to thc minimi meeting nest month failed to find B seconder. Mr. W. .1. Hutchinson seconded Mr. Seanliiif'H motion, and. on being put to the masting, it was carried by a large majority, members thus prov- ing that they dill not hesitate to help thc old club uluiç even though it incant more taxation to themselves. Hie ltuc meeting next month promises well. Mr. James Tolson, of Blackall, put up a fine lieiionnance on his motor bicycle on Monday lost, and pcrlmps an outline of his trip may be interesting, leaving Blackall at 5.50 a-m. that duy, tie made for Saltern, which he left behind al 10.40 o.m.; thence, to Longreach, which plane he left at 1.10 p.m. for Winton, about MO miles distant. At 6.5 p.m. he iiad reached Vindex, twenty five miles from Winton, where he decided to stay tho 'night. So between 5.50 a.m. and 0.5 p.m. he covered just about. ÏÏ50 miles-truly a. wonderful ]<crfaruiaiicf. Hut in that twelve and a-qiinrlcr hours he stopped for rest and meals an hour und len minutes (this does not; fanludo stop- pages nt gates). so that his average Tiding speed was 22} miles an hour. This speaks volumes for the roads, the rider, and the mr.chinc. Next morning he rode into Winton in 55 minutes, so that: his actual riding distance from Ixmgreach was 5 hours 50 minutes, which easily stands ns a rc cord. Mr. ToLson was quite frosh on his an ¡val here, and stated he could have clipped a hit moro off that hud ho so de- sired. Ho rides a 3* horso-poiror Vindo-, special. His record ride is likelv tn stand for many a day for such a lengthy journey., Ibo measles epidemic has not. yet run its course. Ont of an enrolment of 150 «.Midien al. (he local State School thc at- tendance on Kridny Inst was twenty-nine. Under tho circiiinslanocs Hie School Com- mittee mot. on l'Yiday evening. There wore present'-'Messrs. W. J. Hutchinson (iii Ibo chair). K. Williams, A. Copeland. .). S. Darraeli. R. .1. Morrison. V. W. Clonal! (Hon. Secretary), and \V. T. (Türke (Head Teacher). After discussion, ii was dc-ided to telegraph to tho Depart- ment, ol' I'ublio Instruction, suggesting that '.he school be chi-cd fm- a I'mlui^bl. Tho Convent School has h.sm closed some limo. Winton. |:iih September. 1ÏKW. A dinner of big things was recently »oi veil hy an American farmer. Tho table wu» sot.'for t welve, and. tho hill of fare eonslsl«! of one 5} lb potato, one In lb ¿¡ttbJwge, one 10 lb t-liickcii) one ti ll» tiu-uip, 