BUSH FIRES IN VICTORIA. THREE LIVES LOST. LEGISLATORS' TRYING EXPERIENCE. MELBOURNE, Tuesday. Further serious bush fires were reported to-day. A terrible fire swept over Laver's Hill, Wangerrip, and Lower Gellibrand yes- terday. Many large dairy farms and home- steads were destroyed. In Mount Eccles country a large fire, extending over an area of some 12 miles by three miles, has been raging. Some remarkable escapes from death took place. Nearly everything but homesteads were lost. The Railways Standing Committee, which was journeying from Port Campbell to Cob- den to take evidence for the proposed ex- tension of the Timboon line, had a most try- ing time, and had to take a circuitous route to get through the fires. The members were fairly exhausted on reaching Cobden. Two children, named Hayes, were caught in the flames at Mount Sabine, and one was so severely burned that she succumbed. A destructive bushfire passed over Anglesea yesterday. No fewer than seven houses and a church, together with the whole of their contents, and other buildings, and camping places, are reported to have been destroyed. One of the worst outbreaks known in the Wil- laura district threatened the township of Dunkeld yesterday. A lull in the wind saved the whole town, and the fire then proceeded towards Glen Thompson, being finally checked about four miles from Dunkeld, af- ter it had destroyed thousands of acres of grass. The settlers throughout the Otway forest had a fearful time yesterday, and this morning broke on scenes of devastation and desolation, dozens of homes being blotted out. Word was received at Colac late to-night that two men, Patrick Coulahan, aged 42, and David Bourke, aged 25, have been burnt to death at Wangerrip. Two other men, Martin O'Keefe and Edward Kirby, are missing. It is feared that they have perished. A search party is being or- ganised. RICHMOND.—The heat to-day was most oppressive, a hot wind blowing. The temperature was 106 degrees in the shade. WANAARING.—The thermometer to-day registered 116 in the shade. WEST MAITLAND.—The thermometer yesterday registered 106 in the shade. 