WESTERN NOTES. (Fioni Our Own Correspondent-) Tiic scr-sonfe prospects continue aus piciora. Good rain in October was lol lowed by good general rain in December. On Moudav. fYidav. and Wednesday last good rain 'fell jiartially all over the dis trict. On Tuesday evening a terrific stomi strut k Vfiuton itself. It swent up iiom the tcuth to the accompaniment of light ning saul thuitder and a gale of wind, tor a short time the ittin fell in torrents and the rtiwts were a sea of water. The wind howled ;ir.-i whistled ; but very little dam age Wiiw done. Messrs. Corfidd and Fitz immit had the roof of their stable, car ried iKtiily av.-ay and dael-ed against the Bide \A Mefitri. Grant and Co.'s premises. Sevwal Guthouses in the suburbs were rfnm.ionlj und here and tb€ re a stray sheet of iron carried away. The rainfall nu 0.G0 in., most of which fell in almost half an-uour. Outside p!aces report better falls. Elderslie had 1.50 in.; Oondooioo, 0.G8 111.. -and Oondooroo bore 1.30 in. The Bladcnebuxg country to tlie south-west was also vcrv well favoured. The selctions to the w«st which were reccnUy swept by bushlm?. were likewise lucky, and soon tile burnt aJva should be clothed in verdure, llr. S. Wall, driver of the Bdulia coach, re ports -**oil rain along his line. From about four miles from Witton right out to Sfackncdii fully 1-50 in fell, and at tiie Dianiai.iiua Hiver he estimated there was 2 in. All the creeks and watercourses ran, and DviEbar Creek, ou Elderslie, 6preaa ov.'r iLs banks. The main channel of the Dianmntma was running about 2 ft. 6 in. deep \vben he crossed. The country out side £ looking splendid, and in many places the grass is \\-eautifidly green. Naturollv stockowners are well pleased at the picH?ect. The rainfall so far hasghen the ;nass a good start, and there are the usual wet months ahead. The total rain fall in Wittton from the 1st of January to date is lu.51 in.; but as the township it self U usually unfortunate, it is sale to sav u^anv other centres outside have had a good dt- al more. So far as the town com mon is concerned, it wants much moie rain to do any good, though there is a green tinge allowing above the ground already. The late storms were accompanied by vivid lightning, and a couple of interesting incidents occurred. At Eyriewald, a selection down Corfield way, a flash of lightning struck the ground near the home stead, and apparently ran between where Mr. E. N. Parker, the manager, and the mailman were talking. Each received a slight shock ; but another man named Charles Diehm, who was near the shearers' huts, was rendered stupid for a lew moments. The flash tore the earth up, but did no further damage. On Tuesday night tbe groom at Ada tank, on the Boulia- ioad, Mr. F. Paulsmere, had a aasLr experience. He -was in his tent during Cue program of a storm when a lightning flash 6triK±~a post that was in tie ground in front of his domicile. The post was com pleterv blasted, and the fluid also affected the occupant of the tent to such an ex tent that it was two dsys before he re covered- his ordmarv equilibrium. Tlie Longreach-Winton railway is still agitating the minds of the, residents of this portion of Queensland, and they are using every effort to bring about such a connection of the railway systems of the state. A meetine of the local Railway League 'was held on Thursday evening. Mr. \V. \j. Ihitchinsoa was in tlie chair. Let ters were, read from Mr. \\\\. Hamilton, ILL-ft. for the Gregory, detailing his efforts in getting a survey of the line made. Reference was made to the forma tion oi a railway league in Longreaefa, and tie Secretary (Mr. F. W. dough) was ln etruettd to write to the Townsrilk, CJhi ter£ Towers, and Rockhaniptan chambers of commerce and the Longreach league, asking if the Winton League could rely on their support in endeavouring to secure tlie construction of the line by the state. t-o far as the published reports of the meet ing of the Longrcach league are concerned, ii? mention has been made of the proposed line to Winton. 'What is chiefly agitat ing that body is, apparently, the possi bility of an extension going down the Thomson Eivcr from Dartmouth, It evi dently wants the extension. to start from Longreach. yet three years ago it objected to it starting from there. Mr. Hamilton, in the .-ourse1 of a letter to Mr. CJough, thus refers to the matter— ' T)-ere is a move on by the Arainac Sliire Council to obtain a loan from the Government to construct a line to tl-erc from Barcaldine, and ii this were done *-ud the line then extrnuttl o' '° HivHwndcn and a line car ried do-vn tlie Thorn.™ from Dartmouth, lon-it-M-h limplf will be. in the soup, and Mrve ii»-ui ri«lit, nt- » tlie Winton Shire Council had '.lit- liomty cooperation ut t't- Loi''TOb Shiic Council tins iine «ou d kk.iT b-K-;nie an awomplirbod fact.' It ha- l»-r related!; pointed n:it llwt «lifc line v.ou'.d lc -ii gr«it LcneSl lu tins dis tri.-t in times of diought in affording nn outVt fcr -t-vk. snd |.rol«bly hoth Lcng r«.-!, .-.*-! \Vi:,ton v.ouhl l.«irf.t fio,» o bur-iniss yoiiit nf view, so it i- rather naio to iinrfeiitnnii the fonm-rV aUitudc. r.iftmal uir.tters ait- qmet. A i.-i? -1-«1 in ears w.i.i made the otl:er day lliroii^n the aaencv of Messrs. H. Hamsay :ind ( o. BetwSen 12,000 and 15,000 from \ mdes were nurchaied bv Mr. A. D. Kninsay. ThUii^tedtoti^^P^dation^^ fng the ««y the season m tnmmg out, »t should prove a remunerative one. Mr. W. 1L Hutchinson will lift the flock nest, week and travel it down towards Long reach for sale. Most of the stock specula tions in tltis district within the last tighten months liave turned out trumps, the purchasers in some cases making over 100 per- cent -m their outlay. Mr. Fitzgerald departed on Hondavwith his plant to -ift about 500 Warenaa bul locks for tlie south. The bullocks were ic-ceatly purdui&ed; bv Mr. M. H. Archdail on belialf of Meiirs? Birt and Co., South Brisbane. Tiiey will travel up the Mayne River and tn.ck at Longreadi. Mr. a E. Aliieon wffl lift the 3000 mixed sheen recently nurcbased bv bim from Kal -anald at an 'early date- He will take them :o the BarcaKiine district. Mr. James Mitchell has gone in for an -ther little speculation, having purchased M0 mixedN»tUe Irom Vindex. Mr. A. Banning has closed for tweufy live bulls .fiom Sesbania, wnich be is taking across to his Woodstock property. Tlie fifty Car.obie bulls which were re cently inoculated here have since been agisting on Mr. James Mitchell's selection. They will be trucked to Richmond on Wed nesday. Mr. R. T. CaEEidy, with tbe 7200 Hamil ton Dovras wethers' for Gordon Downs, the property oi 'Jie South Australian Land, Mortgage, and Agency Company, is at Qdersue. Konr hundred rams are coming to Hamil ton Downs. They truck to Longreach, where Mr. C Donldn. will lift them. He passed mrougn wuu ms piani oi seven, horses to Lougreach for that purpose this week. Mr. F. Sutton, who has just delivered 10,000 sheep from Hereward (Darr River Don-ns) at Lucknow, is on his way back witli 4000 wetbere from Lucknow to Here ward, the property of Mr. G. E. Bunning. It ii the tail end of the droving season ; bnc one or two mobs are coming down the back track. Nine hundred cattle, from the Macarthur Eiver, Korthem Territory, to diarleville, have passed Boulia in charge of Mr. R. A. Hethcrington. Another lot from tbe Victoria River, owned by Mrs. Dealdn, and in charge of Mr. R. ftmitfti. is agistiig on Headingley and waiting for rain. Mr. J. HoUinfiBTTorlh, senr., who h«s \xea in charge of the new scour at Krmma, has arrived io town and will leave by train to-night for bis home in Mel bourne. He expects to be back early next rear, however, tc have everything in readi ness for scouring the station dip. The Kymma shearing in 1909 will probably coQimecec in March, and if the station, puts all its own sheep through at the shed, the number should be very nearly a record. Speakirjg of 3v\ncna reminds me that Mr. JL Fahey, Uic'iuscrowned king of Eynuna township, spent last week in town. Mr. Fahey is one of the best known characters in the w*st. He has been resident in The Rev. j. £ Piatt, Methodist minis ter, who ti«g been stationed in Winton for the last twelve months, has received notice of transfer to Corran. a place near Gym pie, tor wmcti place ne \nu aeparc on uie SOtli instant- Mr. Pratt during his so journ here made hiirself -very popular, and his departure will be deeply regretted. lie is a fine preacher, and a man of broad mind, with a keen insight into human nature. Bis place will be taken by Mr. E. Bali, of the Methodist bush waggon, pending the appointment of a resident lightning started a bushfire near Middle ton last wee!.-. Commencing in the after noon it burnt until night, and at one time there was a wall of fire eight miles in length. A shower of rain almost cxtin ?Miislied it; but it burst out again about midnight, travelling in the direction of Mr. Lane's selection. Willing hands lioweier. (-iji?!1 to tlie iweue. and it \v;is finally la-il.cn out. Portion of IJunrlieidol and tl.e town common suffered. Mr. \V. H. Corfield, our divining rod rx :.-il. hit 1-een rest in? for the last ioit n;»lil : but N off onliis travels airain on Ti^-d.iv. There liav* lieen calls 'for his -ci vicci from all parts of the compass, from tlie Boulia district on the one band to the niarkall district on (he ether, and he is kept going. Truly an expert gift of divtn inl is better thai: great riches. The M'Matter Brothers ore still going ahead with sub- artctian wells on Moscow fcdeo tion, Mr. G.-Otf/Master doing the selecting. Tiiey ore sinking them in groups, so that, though tbe supply separately mav be email, collectively it will 'be large enough for all requiremente. It is also their m tention to endeavour to make one wind mill work two pumps. The holes are close to each other, and the pumps will be con nected with belting. A very sudden death occurred at the North Gregory Hdlel lost night. Mr. J. W. Browne, gvreral manager of the New Zealand Insurance Company . for North Queensland, arrived from Townsvfile on Friday and put up at the hotel. Yester *my lie a^tfiecucu Ul lus uaibii uu*um niiu spints ; but es he bad been under Dr. Humphrey in TotvrsvaUe. he desired Dr. Cameron to call round this morning. The housemaid took him a cup of tea about fceven o'dock, vrl-en he vras apparentij asleep. She spoke ; but he did not answer, and she decided not to wake him. About nine o'clock ehe again w«nt to the room to ascertain if he required any breakfast. and met Dr. Cameron, who inquired lor Mr. Browne's room. On opening the door they found him dead. There vras a candle on a chair beside the bed. also a book, with the page turned down, showing1 that, after finishing reading, Mr. Browne had placed the book on the chair and blown out the light, and dea.Hi arvarentlv came to n™ in the night. The body is to be sent back to TownsviUe by train to-night. The de ceased was a man of about fifEr-«ii rears of age and -bss well known in Townsvilie. Advices from there state his death was not unexpected. Winton 6th December, 1908. 