¡THE COUNTBY, LIBERAL' AND DEMOCRATIC UNION-. JAMESTOWN. October 91.-On Frilay, evening the inaugural meeting of the Jamestown branch ~of the Liberal and Democratic Union was held at the insti- tute. There was a large attendance, and the chair was occupied by the mayor. The President of the Union (Mr. E. H. Coombe, ALP.), congratulated the district uJ?°n its evidences of material progresa and the indications of political progress in the formation of a branch of the union He thanked the electors for having returned three such consistent advocates of the Libe Î?,V ,,. Democratic cause as Messrs. 0 Loughhn, Miller, and Newland. Their object that evening was to inaugurate the new- branch and preach a little of the gospel t rie liberal "m. There was a good deal 01 Mae Liberalism being preached by their political opponents, and it was regrettable that some were mislead by it. He Relieved ?that naturally the country electora of South Australia were Liberal in instincts and not <^nservative. The object of the Liberal and Labor parties was to make more land available for agricultural settlement, and thus further increase production, railway "traffic, and country business generally. This they proposed to do so far as large estates were concerned by the progressive land tax and compulsory repurchase. The Conser- vatives, no matter whether they called themselves Liberal or not, showed their true colors by opposing this policy, and they had at their oack a majority in the Legislative Council. South Australia had great possibilities of material advancement, and with an enlightened citizenship should become one of the model communities of the'world. He believed in individualism, in the development of the best that was in the individual, but that could he only be achieved with, the aid of a certain amount of Socialism. The latter^ would be a bad master but a very good servant, but wheie the State could do better for the individual than the latter could do for himself it was a legitimate extension of its functions to do so. He'asked that country electors should join hands in attempting, to preserve the character which South Australia enjoyed for Liberal political principles, and not as- sist parties whose object it was to establish political power in the -hands of a class. The Commissioner of Crown Lands (Hon. L. O'Loughlinl said he understood they had been visited by representatives of the Farmers' and Producers' Union, and that some oftheapeakers gave the Ministry a bad time. He recognised that there was room for honest differences of opinion, but he wished to refute some of their statements. They said that the interests of the Govern- ment and their supporters were not 'the in- terests of the farmers. He challenged them to name any instances where, the Liberal and Labor parties had done" any- thing to injure the farmers. " On the other hand, he could refer to many instances where they had assisted the farmers. Oppo- nents of tne Government admitted that it had done nothing wrong, < but they were afraid of what it would do in the future. How long were they going to wait? The Liberal Party had been in power since 1903, and the Labor and Liberal parties since 1905, and surely if there were any hidden design on the farmers it must have come ont nefore- now. (Cheers.) One' object of the Government was to obtain land for people to settle upon,'either Crown or .re- purchase land, and he gave some particu- lars as to what had been, done. Compulsory repurchase and the progressive land'tax were necessary to the completion of that policy. The Farmers^ and Producers' Union had passed a resolution tin favor of compul- sory repurchase when necessary. Was it not necessary now? (Cheers.) As well as finding land fgr settlers the GoTernment were endeavoring to find markets for pro- duce. This had been 'done in several directions to the great, advantage of the producers. The Government would go further if necessary. The land tax "pro- posal would not invobre the payment of any additional tax on estates np tp £10,000 in value. Their opponents said that the tax would afterwards he placed upon^small es , tates, and that a farmer would only have 20 acres. Surely no one would be led away by an argument of that sort. The more people they settled, upon, the land the grerfter power would they be able to exert to prevent unjust taxation. (Cheer*.) The Government were beginning another scheme which was socialistic. They pro- posed to make advances to farmers'oh the outside mallee landa. They were prepared to advance up to £350 on the improve- ments of settlers, and thus help them,to get over the initial difficulties of settlement. (Cheers.) When the. Government earn* into office it wa» saidVhat capital wonld leave the State, but what did they see to- day. Buildings were going up all over the State. especially in the city. If it were true that capital stayed where it was safest thu was an excellant pr»of of the safety of South Australia for the investment of capital. (Cheers.) The one object of the Liberal and Labor parties was to advance the best interests of the State. (Cheers.) 'Mr. J. Newland, MJP., repudiated the statements of Mr. Tom Mann on behalf of the Labor Party, , . - Mr. J. Travers. M.P., asked how it WSB if the Farmers' and Producers' Political UnioB professed to be the friends of the fanners they opposed the election .of two farmers, Messrs. Good© and Cummins, for Stanley, and supported two city candidates. How was it they opposed two farmers, Messrs. O'Loughlin and Miller, for. Burra Burra, and tried to return an ex-wine and spirit merchant? Or How waa it they opposed himself and Mr. Warren, who were "farmers, for Flinders, and supported a com- mercial gentleman? The actions of the Farmers'^ and Producers' Political Union difl iot stamp them as being the friends of the producers. (Cheers.) ' Air. W. Miller, MJP., referred to what had been accomplished for the producers by the present Government. DEATH OF MR. F. J. PROVIS. 'STOKES, October 30.-Much regret was expressed in the districts of Stokes, Yaran- yacka, Tumby, and Port Lincoln, . «rhen it became known that Mr. F. J. Provis, post- master, of Stokes, had died, at the age of 79 years. Mr. Provis was the eldest son of Mr. J. Provis, postmaster, of/Tumby, who lived to the great age of 95 and who cam to South Australia to assist the late Bishop Hale in the mission school at Poonindie. Mr. F. J. Provis carne to this State in 1849, and was for some time in the employ- ment of Bishop Short, by whom he was married at Trinity Church, North-terrace. He celebrated the fiftieth aiuuversary of his wedding seven years ago. His wife died in 1903. Mr. Provis went to the Vic- torian gold diggings in 1851, but returned a year later. He then settled at Echunga and was superintendent of St. Mary's Sun- day-school there for some time, in 1858 he went to Port Lincoln and joined his father in farming pursuits at Tumby. Twenty-eight years ago Mr. Provis took up land in the hundred, of Stokes and Yaranyacka, which he farmed successfully. About ten year* ago he retired from farming and during the last six months had been confined to his couch.' He was a district councillor of Lincoln for a long period, snd was one of the founders of the Oddfellows' Lodge in the district. He left three sons (Messrs. George, Charles, and Josiah Pro- vis, of Stokes and Yaranyacka), one daugh- ter (Miss, J. Provis). His brothers are Mr. Christopher Provis, of. Adelaide, and Mr. Caleb Provis, of Tumby, and his sisters Mrs. White, of Western Australia; Mrs. Thring, of Blackwood estate; and Mrs. M. H. Berryman, of Poonindie. FARMS SWEPT BY A BUSHFIRE. WILKAWATT, October 30.-A terrific bushfire raged through this district yester- day doingconsiderable amage to crops and scrub. The fire originated on Mr. Gas mier's farm, and swept through Mr. Sor rell's, burning 100 acres of rolled scrub and 200 acres of green scrub. Then it crossed the three-chain road and burnt 200 acres of rolled scrub for Mr. Anderson, who was still rpDing. The roller was slightly dam- aged, but Mr. Anderson lost all the har- ness. Then the wind changed to the south and blew the fire into Mr. Oonsidine's block burning nearly 100 acres of cut scrub, be- sides posts and fences and a lot of green «¡rub. About 50 acres of wheat waa spoilt. Both Mr. Anderson and Mr. Sorrell have been unfortunate with fires. The former was nearly burnt out from the homestead last year. Those who have spent months of bard labor getting the scrub ready for next year saw their Tabors spoilt in a few hours. Workers arrived from miles around, but could ào nothing to prevent the fire from taking its course. The most mys- terious Hung about the fire is that nobody is said to have been working within a mile of the place where it originated. NARROW ESCAPE FROM Ä SHARK. SECOND VALLEY, October 29.-On Tuesday evening several residents went down to the bay for a swim. One lad dived into the sea. and hardly had he landed when a large shark swished past close to the rocks where the boy had tfcen i moment before. This is the second en counter with sharks within a wee', and should serve, as a warning to baü*era to exercise caution. DEATH OF A SEPTUAGENARIAN. ' BORDERTOWN. October 31.-On Thurs-1 day Mrs William Hay, sen., of Olive Grove, During the morning Mrs. Hay carried out her normal duties. Near breakfast-time she went to her room to wash, and a little while afterwards one of her daughters found her lying on the bed as though resting. A closer examination showed that she waa suffering. Miss Hay spoke to her mother, but received no reply. When Dr. Gocher arrived he found that Mrs. Hay was suffering from a paralytic stroke and that the case was hopeless. She lingered for about four hours, and died at midday. Mrs. Hay was wel known and respected in this district, and had been a colonist for many years. Her husband died about 12 years ago. She left two sons and seven daughters-Mrs. Easther (Wolseley), Mrs. James Thomson (Melbourne), Mrs. John Thomson (Narracoorte), Mrs. Ken- nedy (Bundaleer), and Misses Jennie, Jessie, and Emily Hay, residing at the Grove; also Mr. John Hay, of Bordertown, and Mr. W. H. Hay, of the Grove. The deceased wa« 77 years of age. A WOOL STOKE BURNED. HORSHAM (Vic), October 31.^-On Tues- day night a fire occurred at Messrs. CBurne and Lindsay's wool store. The fire quickly spread, and the brigade had- great difficulty in saving th6 Methodist Church and Mr. D. J. O'Burne's residence, which adjoined. The wool store and all it contained were re- duced to ashes. The.building, which was owned by Messrs. J. and F. O'Burne, of Linton, was insured for £760 in the Union Insurance Company, and the contents for £650 in the same company. There was a large Bfcock of wool, hides, tallow,, &c.;, de- stroyed. The origin of the fire is a mystery. AN EARTHQUAKE SHOCK. SECOND "VALLEY, October' 29.-At about 0.10 a.m. to-day a slight shook of earthquake was felt here. It appeared to be travelling from south-west to north-east. HERGOTT MALLS. ' ' ' . ' B33PG0TT SPRINGS, October 29. The train is getting a tired feeling again, and it is a common occurrence for mails to be delivered after 0 insteadsof 8 p.m., A cattle special certainly did run over and kill a camel recently but it is stated that this train was, travelling at the rate of the Oodnadatta express in order to get a load of bullocks to market. SPORTS AT NURIOOTPA'. NURIOOTPA October 31.—The annual picnic of the public school was held in the Recreation Park yesterday. The children, carrying banners and garlands of roses, marched in procession to the ground to the strains of music by the brass band and the school drum and fife band. There was a large attendance, including visitors from Angaston, Tanunda, Freeling, Greenock, Stockwell, and Adelaide. A good pro- gramme of sports for children and adults was carried out, and there was a plentiful supply of eatables. The principal officers' for the children's sports were:—Judges, Messrs. L. Warnecke and Joseph Hatch, starter, Mr. Strempel; committee, Messrs. Robin, Daniel, Proctor, F. Sauer, and R. Nenke, Jas. Hatch. Adults' sports—Com mittee, Messrs. H. Richardson, Sam Plush, P. Warnecke, B. Cranbrook, and Miss Boehm; secretary, Mr. A. Prince; general secretary and treasurer, Mr. J. Drink- water. Results:— Flat Race, girls over 11—Clair Simon, Madge Strempel, O. Kernich. Frog Race, boys under 9 —Grady Hatch, G. Polst, W. Richardson, G. Gross- kopf. Bun- eating, girls, 9-11—Rita Warnecke, Marjorie Strother, Gladys Proctor. Flat Race, boys over 11—B. Grosskopf, A. Nenke, J. Hatch. Eg-and-spoon Race,girls—Anna Weidenbach, A. Schultze, Myrtle Schultze. Sack Race—Hugo Strempel, Edwin Liebich, Parnell Hatch. Cotton winding—Alice Strempel, Amanda Glaetzer, Nora Polst, Rita Sauer. Pick-a-back Race—Oscar Wink- ler and Laurie Hatch. Víctor Kruger and H. Bran- denburg, David Hatch and Wilfred Hatch. Boot Race, boys, 9 to 11—Paul Weidenbach, Walter Lange, Walter Koop, Sid Hatch. Flat Bace, girls under 9—Hilda Hatch, Dossie Weidenbach, Mary Hatch. Championship, boys—Theo. Weidenbach, J. Hatch. Girls—Ivy Hatch, Clair Simon. Three- legged Race—B. Boehm and L. Hatch, R. Glaetzer and B. Plush, M. Strother and T. Hage. Consola- tion, boys—B. Chapman, T. Liebich. Girls—E. Strother, E. Robin. Adults' Sports.—Old Buffers' Race—B. Tummel, H. Heinrich. Ladies' Race—Miss G. Daniel, Miss Q. Willmott. Old Scholars' Race—B. Weidenbach, L. Zimmermann. Bowling—G. Ellis, H. Richard- son, B. Krieg. Guessing, ladies—Miss Rose Schulz. Gents—Mr. Strempel. BLANCHETOWN, October 31. —On Tues- day last the new motor launch Endeavor; which, under the auspices of the Methodist denomination, is to be employed as a mis- sion boat up and down the river, arrived here with the Rev. J. Gabb, who is working the boat alone on board. After making several calls in the town he conducted ser- vice in the schoolroom. -ATHELSTONE» NovmbW^^Tne; ReW W. A. Potts conducted a service' in the Methodist Church yesterday in "memory of the .late Mrs. A. H. Das. L Appropriate music was contributed by the choir. , BURRA, November 2.-Yesterday" the, annual hospital service was held' st St. Mary's Anglican Church. The Terowie Brass Band came down on Saturday even- ing and gave & concert ia the Market square, when a collection waa,made by the staff of the hospital for the funds. On Sunday a procession of mem- bers of friendly societies wa» formed at the Institute, headed by the band, (and marched to.the hospital,.and,thenoe to the, church, wfiere they were joined>by.th« Freemasons, the Hospital Bo&nLjand; the Corporation. i The Rev. H. L. ¡Ebbs con- ducted the service to a full church. ( r- An offertory was taken for the hospital, Aftei the evening service the band gave a sacred concert, at the Aberdeen end, where a collection waa .again made '{or ^th« hospital fund., The result« have been very satisfactory, and, the-fulL amount will be announced' later J-The children ol the Copperhouse Government. school, with parents and friends, numbering over 100, had a picnic on Friday at the Sod Hut paddock, six miles out. Theyrwere con- veyed to the ground by' waggons, sup- plied by farmers whose>children^attend the school. Messrs. Dew, Edwards, Stockmann, Parker, Nourse, Nicholls, and the parents and friends-also supplied the- edibles.,Mr. Galle, the head teacher, had provided numerous prizes for sports. 4 ! , . BUTE, October 30.-Mr. J. 8imp6on'«Mit. tie son, Keith, fell and broke his collarbone, but is now doing"well. ' BASKET RANGE, October ». - On, Wednesday the annual social in connection with the literarjrsociety was Jield in Crán well's" Assembly Hall. ¡, The programme consisted of dances under the direction of, Mr. A. H. Bishop, interspersed with songs and recitations, by Misses H. limb' and B. A. Moulds, and Messrs. J. Filsell, W. Hol- low, G. C. Bishop, B. Bishop, W, Bishop, and H. Burdett. A novel picture-matching competition conducted by Miss Limb, re- sulted:-Ladies, Miss Elsie Bishop; gentle- men', Mr. I. Jacobs. After supper the foi-« lowing toasts were given:-"The King "The literary society," proposed by S_ Willamore (Summertown society) ; thejpre sident (Mr. L Jacobs) responded. "Kin- dred societies," proposed ay Mr. C-,H. Bishop, and asknowledged by .Messrs. Monk» (Forest/Range) and J. Snell (Sum- mertown). The ladies,*' proposed by Mr. G. C. Bishop and responded to by Mr. 0. Walker. BASKET RANGE, November '2.-Oa Saturday last the cricket club paid a visit to Norton Summit and played a match, which ended in an easy victory for the local men. Norton's Summit made 67 (A. Pellew 23; W. Serace four wickets). Basket Range, 83 (A. Badenoch 37 n.o., A. Cranwell 15; A. Badenoch six wickets for 11 runs). t BALHANNAH, November 2.-On Satur- day a cricket match was played on the Re- creation ground between Balhannah 'and. Oakbank. Scores:-Balhannah, 111 (Gi San- dercock 27 not out, highest scorer. S. War- land three for 17); Oakbank, 81 for, eight wickets (bowling-H. Thomas four for 19, Angle two for 8, A. Lesche four for'41). In the evening a concert wa* held in the Parish Hall, in aid of the cricket dub. .An excellent programme consisted of:-Over- ture, Mrs. A. L. Johnston and Miss John- ston; songs, Muses Adams and Kelly and Messrs. Lane, Harold Savage, and J. Law- rence: recitations. Miss Lawrence and Mr. J. Johncock. A. farce was given by Misses Lawrence and. Kelly and Messrs. Guenn and Martin. rX)WLmGVTLLE; November 2.-Mr. W. Greig, who died at Kadina, was an old resi- dent of this district, having earned on farm- ing here for over twenty years. He left Dowlingville about eight years ago. ECHUNGA, November 2.-A cricket match was played on Saturday between the Macclesfield and Echunga clubs on the Oval. The result was a win for the home team, the scores being-Echunga. 73 (R. Raggatt 12, H. Liebelt 25); Macclesfield. 45-On Sunday afternoon the annual flower service was held at St. Mary's Anglican Church, which was crowded. The Rev. E. A. Rad- cliff. M.A., preached. The church was beau- tifully decorated, many hundreds of lilies and roses being used. A procession was formed, and hymns were sung while the flowers brought by the children were placed on the grave« in the churchyard. Miss Cleggett was organist. HOUGHTON, October 30.-The members of the Congregational Rible Class gave a social in the schoolroom on Thursday even- ing. There was a good attendance and the président (Mr. P. Chapman) occupied the chair, and he and the Rev. Penry Jones and Messrs. R. McEwin and A. Chapman de- livered addresses. Mr. B. Rehn submitted the secretary's report, which showed that the society was in a prosperous condition. Items-were contributed by Misses 0. Han- [ .ft3*ord and BessiejCarpoater and Messrs. pk- s " ~ *" -^ " ~ .(ío¿^S CSwöttji ÄS^ fee Page ß.i _' Carjc?-** Í-Swflttsí ASP1» THE COUNTRY. , (Continued from Page 5.) »' A POLITICAL SOCIAL. 'ANGASTON, October 31.-The annual social of the Angaston branch of the Aus- tralasian National League was held in the institute on Friday evening. The hall was well filled, and Mr. Leslie Salter (vicc presadent) occupied the chair, and gave an interesting statement of the year's work. The membership of the branch now num- bered 115 members. He urged that the main issue they had to fight was Socialism, and to do that they must unite and sink personal differences. Mr. Hogarth, in a forceful address, said that since the annual meeting of the league, held in Adelaide m September last, they, had increased their membership by 500, and wherever he went in the country districts he found growing evidence that the people were realising moro fully than ever the need of uniting together to protect their own interests. They had probably noticed the movement at Broken Hill to demand a six hours' day, and he said with all seriousness, sureiy the leaders did not realise what they were suggesting. If the mines under ex- isting conditions, with the men working eight hours a day, could little more than pay their way, how would it be possible for them to carry on at all if such a reduction of hours of labor were made. The Australian workers could not control the price of metal, and if it took morí to raise the metal from the mines than its value in the market, then the mine-1 owners had no alternative but to close down. The movement, moreover, produced | evidence as to the trend of Labor thought. He, personally, did not wish to see men working long hours for poor wages, but there were some laws of political economy that no democrat or any other 'crat could interfere with without seriously affecting the industrial outlook. Mr. S. B. Rudall, M.P., also spoke. A musical programme was provided by Mrs. Fulton Salter, the Misses Short. Perry, and Holmes, Mr. A. C. Smith, and the Angas- ton Orpheus Society. A FOX HUNT. TANUNDA, November 2.-Residents of the district have for some time been aware of the depredations of Reynard in their poultry yards, and with a view to locating his whereabouts a party of about 30 citizens was organised by Mr. H. Heuzenrpeder, -who was fortunate enough to find hi« domicile in the banks of the North Para at Sieges dorf. On account of the rocky nature of the ground, blasting was resorted to, and a huge burrow, containing five young foxes of from eight to ten weeks old, besides rem- nants of every variety of poultry, was ex- posed. Mr. E. G. Hoffmann, who was pre- sent, identified the leg ofk a prize turkey which had mysteriously disappeared some time ago. LABOR PARTY SOCIAL. MOUNT GAMBIER, October 31.-Last night the first or a scries of quarterly so- cials which are to be held in connection with the local branch of ïhe United Labor Party was held in the Sons of Temperance Hall. The president (Mr. M. A. Dwyer) presided over a large attendance. The Mount Gambier orchestra and others sub- mitted a very enjoyable programme. Messrs, W. Senior and D. Campbell, members for the district, delivered short addresses on "Current Politics." Mr. Senior said there was no politics purer than that of the Labor Party. Since the advent of Labor members into Parliament there had been more done than ever before for the true in- terests of South Australia. He referred to the Food and Drugs Bill and the Abattoirs Bul. These were Bills that required much attention. They had to study the health of the people. If they strove to have the food pure, the wealthy, as well as the poor, benefited. Then there was the Early Clos ing Bill. It was necessary that the hours which the people had. to work should be shortened, both in Adelaide and out of Adelaide. The wages board was also an- other matter which required attention. Mr. Senior referred to the Murray waters ques- tion, and the Pinnaroo district and its ex- cellent crops. If the Bill for the drainage of the South-East, he said, was earned out successfully it would bring under cultiva- tion some of the best land in that part of the country, which would also mean that more people would settle in the South-East. He noticed some time ago that a Mount Gambier lady had written a paper advocat- ing thp# the State should control the 'drink trafile. She was a lady of another party, but she preached good Socialism^ The Labor movement was an economic one, and one of the most hopeful signs of the time. (Cheers.) Mr. Campbell referred to the old trouble with the Legislative Council, and said it would be a live one until some more reason- able reform was brought about than that effected by the last referendum1, which re- sulted in over 700 names bein? taken off the electors' roll for the Legislative Council. They had called the Labor Party "a den of thieves." He admitted the soft impeach- ment that they, as the Labor Party, had robbed the shoddy bookmakers ¿f Grenfell street of their living. And they had tried to filch the trade of the men who tried to sell shoddy goods to the public by the intro- duction of the Food and Drugs Bill. These political happenings had arisen from the tact that the Labor Party had let a gooa" deal of light into the politics of the day. and the hostility' againBt the labor Party arose from the people having light thrown in on their darkness, (Cheers.) BORDERTOWN", October 31.-Excite ment was caused about midday, when a horseNflttached to a dray, owned by Mr. W. Duell, was startled by a train and bolted. After travelling about a quarter of a mile it frightened a horse attached to a butcher's cart, owned by Mr. Stanton, which was standing in front of the shop Both animals travelled down Crocker street, and the horse attached to the butcher's cart turned off and struck the cor- ner of the oval, breaking off the two shafts,! bending the axle, and throwing the horse and cart some vards. The other horse was stopped without receiving any damage. FRANKLIN HARBOR, October 29. The Adelaide Steamship Company has discontinued running trie Ferret to this port, and the Investigator will take her place. The Investigator leaves Wallaroo for Cowell immediately after the arrival of the Adelaide train on Thursdays, and arrives at Cowell at about 7.30 p.m. She unloads her cargo during the night, and leaves again at daybreak next morning for Arno Bay and Wallaroo. October 30.-At the recent agricultural show the school children were very successful in taking prizes. A total sum of £4 18/ was won in prize money by the Cowell public school children. Gussie McEwen and Dora Zibell were the highest individual prize takers. The attendance at the school is increasing. From 20 a few years ago the average Has risen to 50 for the present month. On October 13 the head teacher reported that 56 children were present, this being the highest attendance on re- cord. HORSHAM (Vic), October 31.-Mr. and Mrs. Duncan, of Tyers, celebrated their golden wedding on tne 9th inst.-At the Horsham Police Court on Tuesday William Alfred Ward, contractor, was committed for" trial on a charge of stealing a waggon from McCabe's Hotel on September 23. During the proceedings it was stated that the waggon was sold to the accused by his brother. Richard Troy Wald. Superintendent. Steel ordered that a war- rant be taken out for'Troy Ward's arrest, but before it could be executed he left the town. He was traced to Minyip and ar- rested there the following day. He was remanded, to appear at Horsham on Tues- day next. ONETREE HILL, October 29.-Inspector Charlton conducted the annual examinaron at Precolumb school on October 22. The children did well, lu out of 22 being pro- moted. Two honor certificates were ob- tained in the fifth class bv John Vockins and Cyril Fiebig, both bovs being barely 12 year of age. The teacner is Miss Whit- tingham. To-day was visitors^ day, and nearly all the parents inspected the chil- dren's work. PINNAROO, October 30 -Mr. Kenyon (engineer for agriculture) and the Victoria assistant surveyor-general passed through this town on their way through the newly surveyed land. Messrs. Allen and M. Mc- cabe, cf this town, went with them. The journey took three days, and the party passed through some splendid country. Messrs. McCabe and Allen returned yester- day, and they report that everything looked splendid. Grass was a foot high in many places. The assistant surveyor gave some information regarding the land, the applica- tions for which are now ready. The terms appear easy- no rent to pay for three years and a 40 years lease. The Victorian Go- vernment appear to be doing much for the expected new settlers. They have a traction engine at work with rollers, and half of each man's block is to be rolled. Bores are being put down at a distance so that no farmer need travel more than two and a half miles for water. Every bore yet at- tempted has been successful.- Messrs. Dal- gety & Co, conducted the first horse sale in this town, Over 70 horses were yarded and all but 11 met buyers at very satisfactory prices. The horses belonged to Messrs. J. Poulton & Sons, of Hopetown, Victoria. PORT PIRTE. October 31.-A fonr-days» fancy fair m aid of St. Mark's Roman Catholic Church was opened in the Insti- tute Hall this afternoon by the Mayor (Mr. M. L. Warren), who said that the work of the Catholics for the general good of hu manitv was recognised by followers of other creeds. The Mayor was introduced by the Rev. Father O'Mahoney, who complimented his flock on the church's progress during the past year, and also paid a tribute to the generous assistance of the non-Catholics of the town. A vote of thanks to the Mayor was proposed by Mr. F. S. Delano, and sup- ported by Messrs. W. E. Gallagher and F. J. Guien. S.M There was a large atten- dance. Several items w.ere contributed by the children of the local Catholic schools. The winners of the cake competitions were: -Sponge sandwich, Miss McBride; Miss McNally. Sponge roll, Mrs. Monogue- Mrs. Dempsey. Ribbon cake, Miss McNally; Mrs. J. Walsh. Coffee cake, Mrs. McEntee; Mrs. Monogue. Sponge cake, Miss McNally; Mrs. J. Hannan. Sultana cake, Mrs. An- drews; Miss McNally. Pound cake, Miss McNally. Chocolate cake, Miss McNally. Albert cake. Miss McNally. Scones, Mrs. Monogue. Mesdames Skewes and Mildren i acted as judges. Those in charge of the j stalls were:-Produce and cool drinks, Mrs. Dugan, Misses Finnigan, B. and L. O'Brien, M. Spurling, N. Farrell, and Johnson. Dolls and fairy well, Misses Quigley, Butler, and Walsh; Children of Mary, Misses Crosby, Fox. Kennear, Wilson, Tomlinson, Cross, and Mrs. Ganley; convent stall. Mesdames Delano and Evans, Misses D. Evans. De- lano, Butler, and McGrath; sweets, Misses Ashworth, Revell, Andrews, Keough, Con- ley, and Harford; post-office, Misses Murphy and O'connell; refreshments. Mes- dames Lavis, Casey, Wedger, Turnbull and Finlay, Misses Lavis, Mathews, McEwen, McNally, and Keough; cake, Mrs. Barrett; flowers, Mesdames Smerdon and Lowther, Misses Brown, Stephens, and Dowling. PORT CLLNTON, November 2^-On the completion of the telephone line from Port Wakefield to Port Pnce, which was ex peditioii3ly carried out by > No. 6 party, under the supervision of Mr. C. Dabôvich, a cricket match was played at Price against the local team on Saturday afternoon. The "Telephones" completely outclassed their opponents in all departments of the game. Telephones. 137; 0. P. Kearns (run out) 61, D. Chambers ,41, S. Herbert 15, being the principal scorers. The best bowlers for Price were J. Francis three wickets and W. Field three wickets. Port Price responded with 56, the principal scorers being J. Francis 21, R. Gardner 15 Kearns, who opened the. bowling, was un- playable, securing seven wickets for l8 runs. E. Pratt took three wickets for 22 runs. SECOND VALLEY, October 29.-JThe annual visiting day at the school was held on Wednesday. Mr. E. C. Kelly, chairman of the board of advice, and Mrs. Kelly were present, and the former addressed the scholars. He said the children had been classed "Good" at the late examination. Mr. G. N. Anderson, the teacher, respon- ded on behalf on the school. Several of the elder lads converted waste binder twine, in- to rope. The fourth and fifth classes had a brushwork lesson, and the others did free- hand drawing from nature and blackboard drawings. The year's scrip work, manual, fancy work, and sewing were appreciated. Songs and recitations were rendered. Mes- dames G. N. Anderson, Chant, A. Cole. J. Florence. E. ^ulllabeer, E. C. Kelly, and J. Walsh provided refreshments. TEROWIE. October 30.-The combined courts A.O; Foresters' Lodge held a con cert in the Institute on Wednesday night. Mr H. Brunell (district secretary) de- livered an address on Forestry. Songs were given by Misses E. A. Taylor and Stratton, Messrs. A. 0. Woodgate, C. Me- inem an, B. J. Cullen, and Dr. Goode, a musical selection by Misses iilcCann; over- ture, Miss Wdliams; fancy Scotch dance, Misses McLachlan and Mrs. R. C. Ander- son; and recitation, Mr. Bowker. Mrs. J. McLachlan arranged some pretty tableaux, those who took part being Misse3 Warnes, Emms. Rushforth, Wilson, McLachlan, and Mrs. Lynch. Mr. W. E._ ¿eliott (the oldest member) acted as chairman, Mr. R. Wilson secretary of the three lodges, and Mr. E. A. Sibly, were energetio workers. -Fitzgerald's Circus performed to an en- thusiastic audience last night. - The bachelors gave a return dance in the | Institute last night. About, 40 couples were present, and a splendid supper was provided. Credit is due .to Mesdames. Hunter, Glenn, and other» for the way the' tables were laid out. ' TEMPLERS, November 2.-On Saturday the cricket team played Roseworthy on the Templers' ground, and the game resulted in* a win for the home team. Scores:-Tem- plers, 147 (P. Smith 70 retired, B. Bald 34); Roseworthy, 57 (C. Cubes 20). TANUNDA, November- l.-^Confirmation services were conducted by the Rev. F. Hossfeldt in the Tabar Lutheran Church to- day, nine children being confirmed in the presence of a large congregation. Special music was rendered by the brass band, and several anthems were contributed by the choir, under the conductorship of Mr. O. E. Juttner. ' URAIDLA, November 2.-On Saturday the Social Club held their quarterly even- ing. There was a large attendance of mem- bers and friends. Mr. E. H. Harfield pre- sided. Songs were given by Misses B. Boulds, Nellie Oliver, B. Hart, B. Nicol, and Messrs. B. Johns and C. Oliver. Mr. E. Harfield gave a cornet solo, and Miss Philp, secretary, acted-as accompanist. A dance followed. Mr. E. Day was M.O.. and Mr. E. Moulds accompanist. WILLOWIE, October 29.-A successful Christian Endeavor rally was held yester- day in the Methodist Church. The evening meeting was overcrowded. The chairman was Mr. A. W. Howard, while Mr. J. H. Richards, of the Morchard society, presided in the evening. Papers were contributed by members of the Amyton, Morchard, and Booleroo Centre societies; other contribu- tors being Miss Barr, of Booleroo Whim, and Miss Howard. WOLSELEY, October 30.-The" school has been examined by Assistant-Inspector Nicolle, who was pleased with the result. On visiting day Mr. G. Steer (member of the board of advice) distributed the certifi- cates gained by the fifth class, and at the close of the proceedings supplied lollies for the children. Mrs. Davie provided after- noon tea for the visitors.-The Barnardo boys held a highly successful meeting here, taking £14 odd.-The renovaters have finished their work at the schoolhouse. The dual desks are all in place in' the new schoolroom.-The Railways Commissioner and staff passed through here on Wednes- day on their annual inspection of the South Eastern railways. , WILLUNGA, October 31.-The first ses- sion of the literary and debating society > was brought to a close on Thursday even- ing. The meeting took the form of a .mock banquet. The president (Mr. B. McCarron) took the chair and proposed the toast of "The King." The following toasts were also given:-"The guests of the evening," pro posed'by Mr. X. I., Jacobs, and responded to by Mr. H. Richards; "The Parliament," by Mr. J. Weeks (Mr. J. Jenkin) ; "Town and trade/' Dr. J. Evans (Mr. R. F. At- kinson) ; "Kindred societies," Mr. J. S. Mal- pas (Mr. F. B. Williams, of McLaren Vale); "The ladies," Mr. C. Vaudrey (Miss Ethel,Hart). The following contributed songs:-'Misses O. Porter, Mary Martin, Buzacott, and E. Hart, and Mr. C. Van drey. WASLEYS, October 30.-An enjoyable social was given by the members of the, Pinkerton Plains Glee Club in the Was- leys Hall on Wednesday evening. Nearly 100 persons accepted the invitations is- sued by the members. A splendid pro« gramme of glees was rendered by the mem- bers, under the direction of Jurs. Upton. Miss M. Everett acted as accompanist. Mr. Oswald Hancock rendered a violin solo, and Miss May McCabe an overture. Danc- ing and games were indulged in, Mr. B. Noske bejng M.C. A feature of the evening was a presentation io Mrs. Upton, who formed and has conducted the club during winter months. Praise is due to Mr. James McCabe, who carried out the duties of hon. secretary. 