WESTERN NOTES. (KIMMI Our Own I ni lojii'iuli'iit.) ' Till' M'.ISIPIIS prospects ililli ¡lilli- .111S-| pii-inus, Cond rain in October wa- bil- lowed liv ii i ii ul general rain in December. Un Monday, friday, ami Wednesday la"! ginni l.iïri fell partially all over Hie <lis ti ii? I. du Tuesday evening a terrific sim in slriick \\\ inli ii ii.-i'lf. ll swept np limn Un' smith In ll»' ari'iiiiij aniuiciit. ni li;;iil liing ami IInn.der and a gale ni wind. i "i' a short timi' 1 liv iain tell ill tunnil- ami tim streets ucic a MM ni wain. Tim wind lum lcd and wln-llcd : but very Milli1 dam- age was diinc. Ali--is. I orlicld and 1'ilz maiiricc had thc mnf ni their stahlen cni riiyl bodily away and dashed ngain-t I In- side ol' .\le.-i-. dani and Co.'s picmi-cs. Several imtlinii-es ii; the i-iilim l>^ Vere damaged, and iieie ami tin re a stray «heel ni irnll i.lilied away. The mini.ul «.is il.illl in., iiio-i nt which Iii! in ulmus! halt an-hour. I lui- ide plan's ic|mit heller fall-. Elderslie had I .."til in. : t Inlldulllnn, (MIS m.. and (Iniiilnnron lune l.:lll in. The llladcnsliiire cuiintrv to Hie .-mil h-wc-t iva a!-,, icly «ell iavn'i.icd. The -ciel lolls ,o the we.I «Illili were recently -wept nv hiishllrcs wcic likewise Indy, and ?Minn lue I m 1111 aiea should he dollied in uiilure. I Mr. S. Wall, di iver nf thc ll,,alia cadi, ic ji.nts ^.,ml rail: .-dung his line. i-'nan about liiur miles lunn Wildon ri.hl mit lo Mackunda lolly 1..ÏU in Iel!, ami al (lie J > i. 111111111 ina liner he e-liuialcd ile ie was l-l in. All lin decks and walercuiii-cs ian, and Dunbar < leek, mi Elderslie, sprcau over il.s banks. The main channel nf Ihc Di.nu.ml ina wa- nininn ' about -! it. li in. deep when he ero.-cd. Tlie enuiiliy out side is looking splendid, and ill mauy plaees thc "lass is beantifullv gu eli. Naturally sin. knwiiors are well p'lca.s'd at Hie piiispect. The rainfall so far haschen the grass a. unod si arl. and there arc Hie Usual wei mouths ahead. The total rain- fall in Windin from thc 1st of January lo dale is Hi.öl in.; but as thc township il sett in usually unfortunate, iL is sale to say many oilier rentres outside have hail a "omi deal mole. So far as lin: town cum inou is eiuieeineil, il wants much more rain to ilo any ginni, though there, is a green tinge showing alane (he ground already. The lale storms were accompanied ny vii id lightning, and a eoii|ile of inleir-t iug incident» occurred. At Ky rio» nhl. a selection down ('(irlichl way, a Hash ot lightning struck the ground near thc home- stead. and a¡|iarenlly ran In tween wheie Mr. H. X. I'arker, the manager, and Inc mailman were talking. Kadi received a slight shock ; hut another man named Charles Diehlo, who was near the shearers' huts, was rendered stupid for a lew moments. The Hash torc the ci nil up, hut. did no further damage. On Tuesday night thc groom al Ada tank, on the lliuilia-inail, Mi. F. I'aulsuiere. had a u.iM y experience. Ile was in his tent, du ri nj thc progress of a storm w hen n liglituing"llar<li struck a |tosl that was in the ground in inuit of his domicile. The post was com- pletely blasted, and the tliii.l also allccled the occupant of the tent to such an ex- tent that it was two days before bc re- covered his oidinary oipiilibriuiu. 'The Ijongreach-YViinloii railway is still agitating the minds-of the residenls ol this pul linn of (Jiiceiislnnd. and they ¡ne using e\cry clloi! to bring abouL such a connection of the lailway systems of lim stale. A meeting of the. local linilway llague was held on Thursday evening. Mr. YV. .1. Hutchinson was in thc chair. I.id- lers were reid from Mr. \V. Hamilton, M.L.A. for thc <iregory, detailing Iiis elloits in getting a siiivey of the linc made, licfcrcni-c wnp made to the forma lion of n railway league in l.<m«ic.ich. mid the Secretary (Mr. F. YV. (lough) was in- structed to write to (he Townsville, ('har ters Tower-, and linc khiiiiiplun chambers of rniiiniriii' und thc Longreach league asking if the Yt inion League could rely on their support in endeavouring lo secure Lin construe Hun of the line by the slnte. Ni far as the published sports of the meet mg of I he l^iuj:rcach league are i-oiiceruitl no mention has been made of thc proposed line to Winton. What is chielly agitai iug that body is, apparently, thc po-s¡ bility of an extension going down Hu Thomson Uiver 1'rom Oarlmouth. ll ci i dent ly wants thc extension to sturt iron Longreach, yet three years ago it objectée lo it starting from there. Mr. Il.¡lion in the course of a letter lo Mr. clough thus refers to the muller-'-There ls r move ou by thc Aramac Shire Council ti obtain a loan from thc Government l( raiisirtlct n line to there from liaicaldliic and if this were done and thc linc Hui i-xteudcd on to Hughenden ami a linc cir ried duwil the Thomson from Darlmoiilh Ijongicacli people will 1M- in thc soup, am sene them right, as if thc W'inlon Shin Council had thc hearty en-operation of tin Longreach Shiic Council this linc wouii ?«on become KU accomplished furl." II lins boon repeatedly pointed out. Hint I Ins lino would bo of prout bi.nelit lo Ibis dis- trict in timos of dioupjit in all'orditi". nil] outlet for stock, and probably bolli Ixiiip reaeh and Winton would benefit from a business point of view, so il is rallier ¡Hird to iimlcistanii Hie 10111111? altitude. l'astoral malters aro nuiol. A iii;» deal ill ewen w.i.-i made the other day lliroiiph thc npency of Messrs. ll. Ilaiiisay and I o. lletweeii i2,0011 and I.7.001) from Vindex were purchased hy Mr. A. I), llanisay. This is stated to 'nc a sgiciillation, and. see- ing (he way (lie sea.son is (urning! on(. it should provo a remunerative one. Mr. \V. M. Hutchinson will lift, tho (lock next wook and tm vol it down towards Ixmp roaeli for sale. Most of tho stock specula- tions in this district w il hin Hie Inst eifrhlnn months have turned out trumps. Ibo purchasers in some cases makin"; over 100 por cont on their outlay. Mr. Htzperahi departed on Monday willi his plant lo lift about ô()0 Warenda bul- locks for thc noulli. The Imlloiks were iceently purchased hy Mr. M. II. Arehdai! on iichalf of Messrs. Hirt and Co., South liiisliane. TJIOV will travel up the Mayne Uiver and tn.ck al Longreach. Mr. S. K. Allison will lift the :1000 mixed sheep recently purchased by him fruin Hal rauuld at an early dale. Ile will lake then to the linrealiiino district. Mr. .lames Milchell has e.one in for au oilier little spei illation, bavin;.' pinvhasci HM mixed callie from Vindex. -Mi. A. ü.iiiiiin^ lins closed for twenty five hulls flinn Sesbania, which he is t.'ikinp a.-ro-s to hi- Woodblock projiclty. The lilly Canobie hulls which «ere rc eentlv inoculated hire have1 since hoon api-lin^' on Mr. .lames .Milchell's selection. They «ill he irucked to liiehinond on Wed- nesday. Mr.' I!. T. (u-s ¡dy. willi Hie 72(H) Hamil- ton Downs wethers for Corden Downs. Hie property of '.he South A usda I ia n Laud, .Mortgage, and Agency Company, is at Klder.-lie. 1'onv hundred rams, ave cumins: to Hamil-1 ton Down.-. Thev tniek to Ixingrcacli, where .Mr. C. Donkin will lift them. Ile passed through with his plant of sevon horses to lAiiigicueh for that purpose luis week. Mr. I". Sutton, who has just delivered ]0.(K>U sheep from Hereward (Darr Uiver Down-) at Lucknow, is on his way huck with -dion wethers from Ian-know to Here- ward. (lie pro|HTly of Mr. ii. IO. Bunnin;;. It is (lie (ail end if (he droving season : hui one or two mobs nie wining down (lie hack truck. Nine hundred catt li', from thc .Macarthur Uiver, Northern Territory, to Charleville, have passed Itoulia in chingo of Mr. 1!. A. H cl lillington. Another lot from Hie Vii loria Ui\ci, owned by Mrs. Deakin, and io charge of .Mr. I!. Smith, is ii'jistiiir on lleadiniflev and waiiiiifr for Illili. .Mr. .1. Ilnlliiig-sworl li, win., who Ins been in clin.";!' of fill' now scour ¡il Kviuiiiii, hus ¡iirived in lown mid will leave hy traill taillight for his home in iilel lioimie. He experts to 1/ liael; early next year, however, lc have everything ill IT.UII ness for scouring tho station ilia. Hie Kynuna shc.iriii". in lilli!) will probably commence in Mlm-h, nnd if the station puts all its own sheep through ut lae shed, tlie nuiiilier .should lie wiry nearly a record. Speaking of IvMii.ua reminds mc that Mr. il. l'a hey. the uncrowned king of Kynuna township, spent last week in lunn. ' Mi. Fahey ls one of the hot known characters in the west. Ho hns been resident in Kvinni.i for vial's and vcars. Thc Kev. j. A. Flatt. .Methodist minis- ter, who has been stationed in Winton for the last twelve mouths, has received notice of transfer to Corran, a place near Gym- pie, for windi plaiv he will depart on the j ¿Dill instant. Mr. l'rntt liming his so- journ here made himself very popular, and Iiis departure will he deeply regretted, ile is a tine preacher, and a man of broad , nihill, with a keen insight into human nature. His place will lie taken bv .Mr. K. Hall, of the Methodist lmsli waggon. . pending thc appointment of a resident minister Lightning started a bushfire near Middle Ion Ias( week. Coninienciibg in the after- noon il limul until night, um! at one Hine Hiere w.iis a wall of lire ohjhl miles in length. A shower of rain almost cxlin- j giiished it; but it burst out again about midnight, travelling in the direction of Mr. Lane's selection. Willing hands, however, came to thc rescue, and it was finally beaten out. Portion of Llanrheidol ami ; the town coiiiiiioii suffered. Mr. W. ll. Corfield, our divining rod ex- pert, has been resting for thc last fmt- ' night : but is oil on bis travels again on Tuesday.' There have been calls for bis services from all parts of the compass, flinn thc Hanlin district on thc one hand to thc lilackall d¡s(r¡cl on thc other, and he is kept going. Truly an expert gift of div in- ing is littler thar, great riches. The M'M.ister 11mlhers are still going ahead willi sub-nrlci-ian wells on Moscow selec- tion. Hr. (;. M'Master doing thc selecting. They aie sinking them ill groups, so (hat. though the -supply separately may lie small, collectively it will Ix- large enough for all requirements, ll is also their in- tention to endeavour tc make one wind- mill work two pumps. Thc holes arc close (o each other, ami thc pumps will he con- nected with belting. A verv smitten death occurtrd at thc Vorth Gregory Hotel last night. Mr. .1. \V. llrovviic. general manager of thc Kew /calami Insurance Company for Noil h iliiecn-lanil. arrived from Townsville on Friday and put up at the hotel. Yester- day ¡ie appeared in his UMUII health and spirits : but as bc lirai been under Dr. Humphrey in Tmvrsvillo. lie <le- ircd Dr. Camel-mi to call mund this nioniitig. Thc housemaid (otk bim a cup of tea about .-even o'clock, wl-cn bc was apparently asleep. She spoke : I.ut bc did not answer, .nul she decided not to wake him. Abolit nine o'clock she again weill to the ronni to ascertain ifj he requin-*! any breakfast, .md incl llr. i amciiin. w ho impure''! tor Mr. Ilrovviie's lonni. On opening Hie dom-1 thev fourni him dead. There was a candle nu a chair la-ide Hie bed. al-o a i.nok. willi the inigo mined dunn, showing thal, alter linisln'ng reading, Mr. lîrnwne had plat cd Hie lino!,; nu (lin ol in ir il n J blown mil Hie light, nuil >l. .Uh ¡i|>|wriiillv came In Him in Hu-' nig h I. 'j'liu Ixxlv is to li.- sent baek lo 'louisville |,y train (o-night. Thc de- ceased was a m.m ol' about liflv- six vea in "f age an.l »».> »ell known in Townsville. Alivíeos from there r-lnte his death was not. lines |neted. W inton (¡til ])r<einl;er, 1Í108. 