EDUCATION. How to get the University into more intimate relations with the educational system of the State, in such a manner as to enhance the usefulness of both, is the problem which is engaging the earn est attention of ths Minister for Public Instruction. Mr. Hogue cherishes the ambition of leaving the department over which he presides in a better condition than he found it. But there are many difficulties in the way. Reforms that commence at headquarters are apt to lose mich of their efficiency before they reach the circumference, d if ering widely in this respect trom those which, as it were, are forced upon independent cater ers to the requirements of the people by the pressure of the demands of parents. Yery many persons, now-a-days, compla cently take it for granted that as the State has assumed all the responsibility of educating the children, they need not trouble themselves any further about it. This cuts two ways. There is very little formidable opposi tion to any changes that may be decided upon by the depart mental authorities. But, on the other hand, there is little zeal in seconding them, and this is a de cidedly disadvantageous feature of the position. A committee has been inquiring into the matter, and has made recom mendations which are to be con sidered by the Cabinet on the one hand, and by the Senate of the University on the other. It is proposed that a professorial chair of education shall be established, and that advanced pupils leaving secondary schools shall be enabled to obtain certifi cates of proficiency after exami nation under the auspices of the University. The latter institu tion would also be intimately connected with the Traininer College. It is a great scheme; and, if intelligently worked, would at any rate give some ap pearance of consistence and coherence to our system of pub lic instruction. A SHIPWRECK. The fine four-master, Falls of Halladale, has been wrecked on the Victorian coast just before rounding Cape Otway. The skipper thought he had plenty of sea room* It was a fine, moonlight night, with a light breeze, which hardly enabled her to- steer her course. She had all sail set, and when land was sighted, she was so close to it, that it was impossible to claw off. 'Why not anchor? sailors will ask. Why, indeed ? But it appears, from the statement of one of the men, that the anchors were lashed inboard, in the usual deep sea fashion, and it would have taken half an hour to get them over the bows. The order was given, but before it could be carried out the ship struck, and great holes were knocked in her by the rocks. Fortunately, no lives were lost. But it was a sad ending to an eventful voyage. Other wrecks have occurred near the same spot. SUNDAY OBSERVANCE. The Crown Law authorities are seriously considering the unsatisfactory state of the law with regard to Sunday obser vance. It seems highly desir able that, with the exception of absolutely necessary work, Sun day shall be a day of rest. There fore ordinary avocations are penalised. But the penalty is such that it cannot be enforced. The case of the two carpenters at Armidale, for instance, shows that the law can be defied with impunity, and thus that is worse than no law at all. They were fined 5s each, or in the -alternative a term 'in the stocks.' At the time the Act was passed — somewhere in the reign of King Charles — the stocks were a recognised institu tion. But they have now fallen out of use, and the most con servative among us would hardly venture to recommend that they should be again erected. Therefore, the culprits, ' under legal advice,' coolly walked out of court, and it was found impossible to enforce the alternative against them. The subject needs attention. It pre sents a very difficult problem, but certainly the law ought not to be allowed to remain in its present anomalous condition. Instead of 'a terror to evil doers,' it has become a mere laughing stock. . V; NEW WHEAT. The new wheat is beginning to come to hand from the early districts. It finds a ready mar ket, up to 4/6 being paid by eager buyers? Unfortunately, there will not be so much of it as was at one time hoped. The northern districts seemed to have fared well. But the_ west has suffered terribly from drought;, and in Rivepna the early promise has not been maintained. There appears to be ample scope for the system of ' dry farming,' which was recently described in detail by Mr. Strawbridge,~the Surveyor General of South Australia, who investigated it during a trip to America. If it be really true that it is possible to guard against crop failures from drought, the sooner the method is acquired and practised the better. THE MONORAIL. It is as yet very uncertain when the wonderful monorail, which is declared to be as safe at 100 miles an hour as the ordi nary express at 30 miles, is to be utilised in giving us quick de spatch between the Australian capitals, Sporting men, as is fitting in a country so devoted to horse racing, are quite abreast or even a little ahead, of the Railway Commissioners in this matter. It is seriously proposed to equip all racecourses with the monorail, so that it shall be possible to keep abreast of the horses all the time the race is being run. A more effective mode of keeping the jockeys on their good behaviour could hardly be devised, and it would probably be made to help the funds into the bargain. The sporting scribes, too, would find it a great convenience, thQugh by the circumstantiality of the accounts which they give of the racing, even under present con ditions, one might imagine they enjoyed facilities equal to the monorail already. Wild as the project appears, it is highly probable that something will come of it. All that is needed is the money, u and plenty of money will be available if those who hold it can once be con vinced that it is workable, and likely to promote progress. Out Caragabal way grass is plentiful, but water is getting low. Caretaker wanted for the Oddfellows' Hall.. Tenders to be sent in to Mr J. B Dickinson by 1st December. Mr. Thomas P. Downey's clip from Thuddungra realised as follows at Winch coinbe, Carson, & Co.'s sale this week : — Fleece, 10|d per lb, pieces 8^d per lb. Stud advertisements are dropping out. through effluxion of time, and therefore attention is once more drawn to these notices. We understand the two Buffalo Pitt traction engines lately purchased by Messrs Menzies and McCabe, were ob tained through the agency of Mr. J. E. Gibbs. Some splendid7'specimens of the great Australian crane— big, beautiful, graceful birds — are to be seen on the waterholes and dams along the Young road this season. Spoonbills are also about. In the Weddin school garden mangels were grown this year up to 121bs weight. The patch put in produced sound, useful roots, averaging, as worked out, nearjy thirty tons to the acre. Mr. Ernest R. Laver, architect, Coo tamundra, in this issue invites tenders for erection of a large pise' homestead for Mr BL Couzens, on the Nhill estate, fourteen miles from Young, on Grenfell road. It is a matter for congratulation that, as ,is reported, on the majority of holdings there is abundant storage of water. What ever neglect there may have been in the conserving of fodder, many have not been careless in the matter of water. We are informed that a hundred pound Tattersall's sweep has come to a Grenfell resident whose name, however, has not been divulged ; but reports in circulation have caused much hilarity to those sitting in the seats of- the scornful. On Tuesday morning last, twenty- one trucks, carrying 3000 sheep (various owners) left Grenfell for Sydney. We are informed that no stock trucks will be available from now until April. This seems almost incredible. Record twelve pages this issue— eleven solid reading and one blank : do for the children to write copies on, or better still, for jotting down a few interesting items concerning any reader's neighbourhood and sending it along to this office. Mr. Monie Lehman, one of our best all-round cricketers, and who has been scoring consistently of late, has been in vited by the Western Districts Cricket Association to join the Western Districts team for the country week in Sydney. At Messrs. Lane Bros, the other day we hud the opportunity of hearing the improved effects of Coomb's natural tone reproducer, not louder, but better than the ordinary aff-u'r, and will fit any Edison phonograph. It has attracted large and delighted crowds, and every owner of a phonograph should go and hear it. Mr. Sid. Hammond has just completed a neat weatherboard residence in Camp street, for Mr Bert Austin, and also one for Mr D. Budge, in Middle-street, two very presentable additions £b our rapidly growing town. Mr Chas. Hammond has in- hand a house of the pise persuasion, in South-street, for Mr Robt. Miles. Contrary to expectation, and opposed to experience around Temora, Federation wheat, it is averred, has failed to uphold its reputation as a dry we ither variety. From Molong, Carcoar, Forbes, Cowra, Koorawatha, and parts of our own dis trict, there is the same testimony : ' Fede ration has failed to mature for grain and is useless for hay.' At Tuesday's meeting of the Forbes P. P. Board, the appointment of an assist ant rabbit inspector (vice Mr. C. H. Thatcher, resigned,) was one of the im portant items on the business paper. There were 36 applications (which is not encouraging to intending immigrants) and after consideration, these were narrowed down to five, viz.: those of A. H. Brown, T. K. Bowler, F. Dempster, Arthur Wilshire and Cecil Hope. In the final, Mr Dempster was elected by three votes to Mr Wilshire's two. Sydney College of Music. - Through an unfortunate omission, for which we apologise to Miss Plowes. the young lady in question, the list of honors in connec tion with the above, published last week, was incomplete. The examination was held at Grenfell on Thursday, the 12th. All pupils were from the Convent of Mercy. The examiner, Mr Fisher, A. Mus. T.C.L., expressed himself highly pleased with the proficiency of the pupils, four having secured honours in the different grades. Senior hons. : Dorothy Clements. Junior Gra.le — First-class Honors : Willie Hennessey. Junior School Honors : Aileen McCarthy, Myrtle Plowes. Initia tory Grade Honors : Alice Ramsay. Ini tiatory Pass : Mary Crowe. Mr. Wm. Rumble, of Waterview, Tya gong Creek, is said to have discovered a new variety of wheat with wonderful drought-resisting qualities united to great productiveness. From the first plant noticed and harvested by Mr Rumble he is said ro have obtained 365 grains of plump, hard wheat. These were sown last season, and produced 161bs of seed. This, Mr Rumble divided with one (if his sons, and each sowed 8Ibs this year, all of which, we believe, has done exceedingly well, and promises phenomenal returns To believers in omens, the 365 g tins of parent seed — equiva1- nt to days of the year — should herald promise : a seed for every day — seed for the sower and bread for the eater — the giving to each his daily bread. Now that Labour is at the helm of Federal affairs, it will be interesting to watch the policy in regard to postal mat ters Will the. representations of Messrs T. Brown, D. R. Hall, and J. C. Watson respecting our mutilated mail services have more effect with the new caucus Go vernment than they had with the Deakin cum-Lyne Administration 1 Well, we shall see, but ' we have our doubts.' On every side mail services are contracted and starved, being rendered inefficient and insufficient ; but then there must be re trenchment some\vhere. The extrava gantly-p;iid patriots in the House of Reps having voted themselves enormously in creased screws, others must suffer iri order to provide the plunder. Let the pioneers and men on the land, afc the cost of their own deprivation and inconvenience find the ready, say the plunderers. Two Sovereign Remedies— THE FAMOUS SANDER & SONS' PURE VOLATILE EUCAL7PTE EXTRACT was proved by experts afc the Supreme Court of yintoria to possess curative properties pecu liarly its own, and to be absolutely safe, effec tive, and reliable. Therefore, do nob aggravate your complaint by one of t.he many crude euoalyptus oils which are now palmed off as ' Extracts,' and from the use of which a death was reported recently, but insist upon the GENUINE SANDER. & SONS' EUOA LYPTE EXTRACT, and reject all others. For wrinkles, sunburn, pimples, blackheads, freckles, r-happed hands, dry aud inflamed skin use SANDER & SONS SUPERBA SKIN FOOD. No lady should be without it. Allayn irritation, produces a clear and spotless com plexion, and a smooth and supple skin. REMEMBER that SANDER k SONS' SUPERBA SKIN FOOD is not an ordinary face cream, and unlike any of thetr, produces a permanently beautifving effect. l/3from J. Tiylor, chemist . . ' Never mind what outsiders 3ay. We have still a few Sun shine Harvesters on hand for immediate delivery, on the same easy terms. Bob Clark, Local Agent. Messrs ..Griffiths and James Simpson are cutting oats six bags to the acre. All the farmers on Emu Creek will have good crops. In 1909/ !Ash Wednesday falls on Feb. 24th ; Good Friday, April 9th ; Easter Sunday, April 11th ; Easter Monday, April 12th. The tar pavement along the frontage of Mr. T. Dodd's property in Main-street has greatly improved, and become quite nice, and grateful to pedestrians. We are informed that a number of residents in the neighbourhood of Bimbi purpose becoming, connected with the Grenfell telephone exchange. This should prove of great mutual advantage. Mk. T. Bem brick reports having sold, on account of Mr James Bembrick, to Mr E. Bensley , the .two-storey brick premises occupied by the latter, at a satisfactory price. The following parcels of local chaff were sold at Redfern on Wednesday : — McCabe & Son, Quandong. (L1872) 6s 5d, Jones, Mogongong (10683) 6s 5d ; Taylor, Thornbury (11546) 5s lid ; Thomas, Quandong (43) 5s 5d. An advertisement this issue notifies an election of one director to fill extraordin ary vacancy on the P. P. Board, and that nominations will be received by returning officer, Forbes, not later than 6 p.m. on Monday, the 30th November. Mr. Thomas G. Sloane —The Farmer and Settler of the 13th has an excellent portrait of Mr. T. G. Sloane, of Morilla, Young, as als» an interesting article on ' Merino Sheep in the West.' Writing from an experience of 30 years, he thus modestly introduces the subject : — ' My whole life has been passed amongst sheep ; before I had left school I knew a lot about the working of sheep on a New South Wales sheep station, and since school days my time has been given to the manage ment and care of sheep under New South Wales conditions ; yet when I come to write on a subject on which I ought to know something after more than thirty years experience, I feel how narrow has been the groove in which T have moved and how little I am qualified to set up as an authority.'. The School of Arts people missed a great draw at their flower show, but which might be made available on a future occa sion, following the plan adopted at a late country bazaar, where a big success was made of a competition in which young raerf were to estimate the weight of an attractive youn:* lady. Each contestant was allowed to encircle the young lady's waist, and lift her-off her feet, or hold her for five seconds on his knees, the latter plan seeming to be such the most popular method. Then there is another contest — very popular in New York— known as ' Trilby Triflings,' where young ladies sit behind a curtain showing their bare feet, the prettiest pedal extremities being adjudged by popular voting, and tickets dropped into respective stockings hung in front of the screen. For half a dollar, anyone might kiss the mostfancied trotters but tickling the soles with a feather or the end of a moustache was barred. The recrudescence of the locust plague in the district is matter for serious consi deration by our farmers. Last year, it will be remembajgij, the pest came in flights from othejAyistricts where the eggs had been laid and hatched. This year it is different. The insects are with us in the hopping stage, hatched from deposits of eggs laid by last year's flights. This fact tends to. show that unless met by vigorous and concerted measures, the plague, like the rabbits, has come to stay. In view of this, would it not be well for all farmers who possess an ordinary bush fire- extinguisher to take a day or two off, and while the hoppers are still confined to the bare hatching patches, deal with them. It is well known than an emulsion of crude kerosene and ordinary Sunlight soap sprayed upon the hoppers is instant death. They are not hard to find, and for a week at least after hatching out keep to the bare patches. Thus met and dealt with, millions can be destroyed that if allowed to reach the flying and breeding stage, would cause incalculable loss. Our readers may remember that last year Mr J. D. Brierly, writing from South Africa, in these columns, sounded a note of warn ing in a series of interesting and instruc tive articles upon the subject. To a Correspondent.— A letter signed ' Bullocky ' can scarcely appear in its present form, and is withheld for the same reason that we suppressed another the other week, although the writer of the latter offered to drive the editor out and prove the truth of his assertions. We have no desire to belong to the order of the sup-press, and will never shut our columns to correspondence, so long as we are not likely to be put to heavy expense in proving the truth of assertions ; and, after all, truth is sometimes libel. In one case, we fancy the writer had either been denied or had deserted his former channel of publicity, but we don't worry about that — anyone may sign his name or write under a itom de guerre in these columns whenever and as often as he pleases, or considers necessary. In the public inte rest a man may desire to show how those interests are suffering, or being neglected, matters may come under his observation which it is desirable should be made known, but such an one cannot afford to risk injury, incur enmity, or lose the chance of custom or employment, because he desires to expose neglect, ineptness, or give warning of a public danger. Hence these columns are at his service. He may deliver frontal or flink attacks ; may fire horizontally or vertically, with shot and shell, pour in grape and canister, may discharge volleys in close formation ; may attack in the open or fire from be hind entrenchments, as occasion may demand. ??; The Bland Railway.— A special meet ing of the Forbes branch of the F. and S. Association was held on Saturday last, when a fair number was in attendance, and Mr R. E. Rawlins presided. The object of the meeting was to appoint a delegate in response to an invitation to join a deputation from Bimbi, PuIIa booka, Stockinbingal, Tubbul, Cootamun dra, and probably Parkes, to the Minister for Works to urge the necessity for con structing the Forbes- Stockinbingal line, and get a start made in that direction be fore the termination of the present Par liamentary session. Mr Tr M. Dunn, of Tregalana was appointed as one delegate, and through -some misunderstanding a second one was not appointed. The dele gates will 'confer in Sydney on Monday next, and meet the Minister on Tuesday. — Forbes Gazette. ?yOU read a little and ynur eyes ache 1 read more and a dimness compels you ic put the book or paper down, blaming J,he iigbt or print. Blame rather yom- careless ness in not recognising that you need glass: p Haki'.acujuuh's g'as.ses relieve you Write to fi A. Uairaclougii, Ltd., for one of their Sf.tf-XiohL Alc.ttxurcx, ;j85 George Si. Sjduey. Tooted liee.. 