DESTRUCTIVE BUSH FIRES MILES OF COUNTRY SWEPT GREAT DAMAGE DONE. Viewed from Adelaide on Monday, the bush fire which was raging or, the hills near Athelstone on Sun- day eveuing appeared to have ex- hausted its energy, oidy a little smoke bcini- visible. It was reported, how- ever, that a fresh outbreak had occurred near Montacute, where the fire originallv started. Happily, the fire seems to have been mainly confined to scrub land. By the prompt and whole-hearted a^.-istanco ni volunteer brigades, the spread of the flames to homesteads and gardens has been pre- vented. In other parts of the country, howover. outbreaks of a more serious nature have occurred. Several fires have been and are still raging, the destruction occasioned being considerable. OUTBREAK AT MYLOR., On Sunday afternoon a small scrub fire started on land set apart at Mylor by the Government for experimental orehard pur- poses. It spread quickly to the adjoining scrub lands, and was blazing away merrily when townspeople and residents of the dis- trict turned up to act as firebeaters. The flames ran along tue mann of the Coycrn ment orchard, scorching many trees, but at 5 o'clock it was almost under conti ol through the efforts of the residents. Un- fortunately through1 the wiud chang- ing the fire broke away towards Mr. Darby's pruperty. However, on.'y a few posts were burned, although at one time the homestead was 'n imminent danger. The fire burned away slowly, more or less under control, until nearly midnight, when it almost reached the confines of the township. Several small orchards narrowly escaped destruction. SOUTH-EASTERN BLAZE. SEVERAL FARMS SWTTJ'T. FIRE STILL RAGING. Mount Gambier, January 20. The fire which swept Glenburnie yester- day broke out agaiu at about noon 'to- day. Mr. G. Telford's property w.is first swept, and all the grass, hay. and fcuccs destroyed. Mr. A. Kilsby's residence was threatened, and assistance sought in the town, the fire bell being nmg several limes. About 150 persons went nut in drags, and Mr. Kilï-bj' house was saved, but all his land was swept. Mr. J. Nicholls' property was then visited bv the lire, and the house alone was left. Mr. Nicholl«' son's holding and that of Mr. II. Wedd were the next to be devastated, and there the conflagration reached the open country. Nothing could be done te check the onslaught, and the fire miicklj extended to the Myora country, and it if now raging in the neighborhood of the Vic- torian border. Tlie total losses reported are about 20Ö sheep, several cows, and scoria of poultry. The report that a shearing plant was burnt is not correct, although the, fire burnt to within a few yards of the machine at the stack. NARRACOORTE DISTRICT SWEPT. Narracoorte, January Io. A large bush fire broke out in Morambrc land on Friday morning, and travelled ovei a large portion of the Burnside, Lochaber, and Morambro couutry, destroying thou- sands of acres of grass and fencing. Burn- side and Morambro were heavy sufferers 6,000 acres being burnt on Morambro. The fire went through land belonging to Messrs, W. Magor, R. A. Miles, S. V.-Grieve, and J. F. Ryder (Lochaber), and D. Findlater, Mr. Magor's sheds, machinery. 200 bags.of wheat, grass, and fencing weic all de- stroyed, and it, was with difficulty that the house.was saved. The wheat was uninsured. About '40 beaters worked hard at the fire, and it was conquered by 1 o'clock. Heavy volumes of smoke -surrounds the town, showing that there must be large bushfire« at a distance still burning. Narracoorte, January 20. Bush fires have been raging in several parts of the surrounding district during the past few days. As alreadv reported, a fire swept over Morambro, Burnside, and Locha- ber on Friday, destroying thousands of actx's of grass and fencing. Mr. W. Major, one of the Lochaber settlers, was burnt out, his house only escaping. Yesterday afternoon the fire started again in the Morambro woolshed, and all the outbuildings and gar- den were destroyed. Fires are ragiug on Elderslie. Warraten bullie, and Struan, and thousands of acre« of grass, fencing, and several bridges have been burnt. The Warratenbullie home- stead narrowly escaped, and the woolshed was only saved with much difficulty. At Joanna Mr. J. Marcus lost H stack of hay, machinery, and other materials. At Mr. If. Patterson's, Mcg.appa, everything was burnt, and Mr. Me-Kwans' house was only preserved after a severe furht with the flames. A fire is burning on Newlands and Laurie Park, and another is raging north of the towoi, coming from the Gap country. It is also reponed that the Laurie Park woolshed has been burnt down. The damage done to stock hy the fires is not yet known. ' CURRENCY CREEK, January 20.-A disastrous bush fire broke out here on Thursday last, and h.us been raging for miles. - A second fire occurred, and it is supposed to have been cau-cd by spark.« from a railway engine. Hundreds of acres of grass feed and fencing has been burnt down. Messrs. Holmes Bros, .lost nearlyf everything, including beautiful orchards? Mr. E. Scott also .-uttered severely, as well as several others, sheep, calves, and other animals having been de«troyed. Hundreds of willing hands from all directions battled day and night with the flames. Much praise is due to Mrs. Willmott, of the Tem- perance Hotel, and other ladies, who braved the flames and supplied tea and cool drinks to the lire-tighter«. There is still great danger of the whole of the district being burnt out. PORT ELLTOT. January 10- The fire, which for some days has been raging in the hills to the north of Port Elliot, has done considerable dumag--1. After touching lightly the property of Mr. F. Adams it entered the estate of Messrs. Duncan and Robert Holmes, destroying about 2,000 aerel belonging to them, besides some nr'es of rabbit-proof fencing, which they had but lately erected. Mr. E. D. Scott also suf- fered some damage to his property. VIRGINIA, January 20.-A fire started on the Buckland Park rim, near St. Kilda, on Friday night. A young man. J. Sheedy, gave the alarm, and a few willing neighboia hurried to the spot. After a little time they put the fire out. only a few acres of grass being burnt. On parts of this estate the grass is high and thick, but there are 'fire-breaks through several paddocks. YORKETOWN, January'IS)--A fire oc- curred on the Warooka-road this moruing about titree miles from Warooka, and a lot of fencing on each side of the road wa-* burnt, besides «bout 100 acres of grass and several telegraph poles. A large crowd of people assembled from all directions, and prevented what threatened lo be a calamity, considering the excessively hot weather and strong wind. The Yorketown police were early on the scene, as well ait the IOCÄI trooper. It is not known how the fire originated, but it is stated that the presort who discovered the outbreak saw a swag msn walking away from the vicinity. NAIRNE, January 20. - Yesterday fires raced all round the town. Mr. Cavanagh is reported to have had 150 acres of grass burnt; Mr. Shephard suffered to a lesser extent. Mounted-Constable Hansbciry was exceedingly busy all day. and a number of willing workers helped to beat out tbi flames. A FIRE 40 MILES LONG. A HOPELESS FIGHT. SUTLERS RUSH TO A RIVER. Melbourne, January 20. A bush fire of great magnitude, having a face of 40 miles, is now raging in the Edenhope district. It has been burning for four days, and each day has been in- creasing in power. It started on the Kadnook estate, about 12 miles from Eden- hope, and is supposed to have originated at a swagman's fire. Yesterday it came within (ive miles of Edenhope, and penetrated along the Glenelg River to Dergholm, about 30 miles away._ The Kadnook estate was gaved with difficulty, _nd several settlers lost all the grass in their paddocks,' and in some instances their shells. In the Power's Creek district' a clean sweep was made. Messrs. Mackie, Hope. Minogue, Flack, and Wynniatt had great difficulty in saving their homes. All the sheds and sheep-dips were destroyed. 'Hie fire raged through the scrub to the Tallangower estate, and 20 men worked hard for six hours to save the homestead and stacks. The flames burst through the garden and burnt up to the verandah be- fore they were overcome by the beaters, but some of the verandah posts vtfere on fire. _ , A party of fire-fighters caught in . the" ' scrub had to turn the pumps on themsclve. \ . and their horseB to escape from the heat. The Capaul estate was in great danger Avhen the last bulletin arrived, and it is impossible now to reach it to render assistance. , Around Dergholm the settlers are rushing j ? into the river to save themselves, and no effort is being made to -save the houses, as ., the fire is too fierce. About 20,000 acres , of grass wa« destroyed yesterday; also sheep ' 'n thousands, and a few cattle. Broughton's forest is ablaze, and the flames are-ap- ? proaching the town from the north, Fire- >' fighters are out in every direction. MORE FIRES IN VICTORIA. . A CHURCH BURNT DOWN. , ,> Melbourne, January 30. Fires aie reported from almost every parf of the State. St. Mark's Church, at Emerald was burnt to the ground throngi a bush fire raging in the district. It was a new building. Several mail coaches havo -^. been compelled lo turn back, owing to fives «.weeping along through timbered country on both -.ides of the road and demoralis- ing everything in front of them. * v > 