THE AGRICULTURAL BUREAU. MOUNT GAMBIER BRANCH. The Mount . Gambier Branch of the Agricultural Bureau held their Novem ber meeting1 on Saturday afternoon. There were 19 members present, and Mr. A. Sassanowaky (Vice-President; took the Chair in the abeenee of tne President (Mr. W. J. T. Clarke). Mr. Clerk sent an apology for hia_ absenco. The secretary said that he had invltw the Government experts, through. Fro* lessor Angus, to acdompany the taem* : hers on their annual tour. , Professor Angus replied that ho had put it before tho experts. ' He (the secretary) had had bo reply from any of tha experts. -Poisoning CaterplUtM. The secretary said he had received four letters from Tasmania asking, for tte recipe for poisoning the caterpillars. He replied giving thea particulars as to tH9 ingredients fthd how to mix tho poisoned bran. He received the .twJpo. frftia Mr. Bassanowuky. Thn recipe was inh of F*Mb green to 15ft, of braBi to . fe damped with a little water that was Slightly salted" in order to give it a tfftCkibh taste. A buabel to two bushels should be sown to the acre, &6* tording to the thickness of the crop. The Chairman said one of the iMftitt thitigs in the mixing was to take care it did not get, too wet. He thought the best plan was to mix, say, half a bag of bran and a corresponding amount of Paris green;' then damp the bran, and. having done that, put the rest of the Paris green to it and mix them up. 'Tho - main thing Was not to get the bran too wet. Some people' seemed to have .'the notion that-If they used- Brunswick (green* with the . arsenic it would do, but many said it waB not successful. Mr. Kilsby -said he used arsenic colored with BruriSwick preen on 80 acres, and it i was ' successful. - But if the Paris green were best it should be used by all means. The Chairman said Paris green was dearer than arsenic, but was easier to mix with the bran. When they were sowing the bran- they must not take too wide a space at once, Three yards wide was enough. He''had - pleasure in wel coming Mr. Innes, a new member, tto the meetings. He was the only membjer they had in the commercial line, and he would be able, he was sure, to give them a good many hints. . Mr. R. Smith asked if, when the poi Boned- bran was sown in a crop to be kept for hay, there would be any dan ger tostock in using the hay. Mr. Kilsby said he had trie<4 it, and found no bad* results follow. Mr. Ruwoldt did not think there was any. danger from the small quantity that adhered to the straw. Mr. Innes said he noticed that Mr. Britten, writing in the "Leader," advo cated sowing the poison very much earlifcr- 'than was dome last year. His Hear was to sow it as Boon as the £Tubs made " their appearance on the ground; : " The Chairman said it was hard to say .If tho grtfbs preferred the bran to any thing green. If he remembered rightly in Xew South Wales the growers did not now when there was anything green on the ground, Wit when the caterpillars started to go up the stalks. It H were gown too early a great deal of it might be wasted. If they took it it killed them very, quickly-in three boura or po. -The Annual Tour. The Chairman said the secretary and he had discussed where they should go for the next tour, and concluded they might go Mil' Lei way. They had never been thatrway yet. Thev could go put by way' of Croyl®, and hava early lunch there; then drive on through Mil Lei to Mingbool, where Mr. Kirby would have dinner for them. From Mingtfool they would bo to Mr. Niquet's, who had offered them afternoon tea. Mr. Kilsby-You have left us out alto gether. We should be glad to give you Afternoon tea if you come ay way. The Chairman thought they might be able to do that. Mr. Watson moved, and "Mr. Ruwoldt secon/'pd, that the tour suggested b6 adopted.-Carried. It was agreed that the tour should be helH on Wednesday, December 2: tho secretary to write and advise the ex perts: the committee to engage drags and znako all the necessary arrange ments for the tour. -Forest Conservation. Mr. H. Kennedy read a . paper ori "How best to conserve our lorest trees," as follows "Tills subject has received very little consideration in the past, but people are at last commencing to realise the im portance of this matter, and ways and means are being considered throughout the world of keeping up the timber sup plies, which are being reduced at an unarming rate every .year. In dealing with this subject I do not for one mo ment intend to enter ppon such a large theme as the' gradually diminishing sup fly of the world's timber would sug gest, nor will I venture even to the matter it concerns Australia AS a..whole, but. win' confine my observa tions to our own district. 00 need to travel far out of JIou~ vam bier to find plenty of food for reflection. Within a radius of seven miles there is now scarcely a preen native tree, and beyond that radius they are disappear ing at a remarkable rate, and very little is being done to replace them. The prooess of removal is so gradual that trees disappear practically un noticed; .whole belts of timber are cleared off the face of the country, and, so long as a tree remains" standing-, no body appears at all concerned about the result. 'What's everybody's business is nobody's business' is very true in this Connection. As an instance oi the com paratively short space of time in which timber wij' die oft as a natural conse quence' of settlement, it is only necessary to. point out tho change that has been wrought in this district during the last twenty years. I can renienrbfcr the time when the?, country lying between Mount Ga'm'Wier-and the Peweena homestead was rather thickly timlVereil. and to-day there Is 'scarcely a tree standing, dead or alive; and :yet these trees were not un duly sacrificed, and,' I think, were only suWJoctcd to one big bushfiro In that time. If, them, this is the result of twenty years,, how will it be in another twenty? Timber and firewood will be very scarce oven at the end of that time, and hard times will surely be in store for those who are to follow, if some provision be not soon made. Some people no doubt will say, why trouble about future" generations ? Nature will regulate all this ; when all the wood has been used up people will be cooking their meals by electricity, i Well, to such people I will say that such a time, in my opinion, will never come when the musses of the people will be able to nva.il themselves of anything so ad vunced. The world's timber supply is not likely to be jeopardised to such an alarming est«it as all that, and as there are people who are indifferent to this great question, there are others who are quite the reverse, and who con sider it as much their duty to assist their fellow men by forest cultivation as they would by providing for those di rectly dependent "upon them. With re gard to the practical side of t her- ques tion, tbere are two schemes that may be adopted 1. By making plantations where the native trees have already died out; 2. By fencing ofi portions of the country where the green timber still exists. The first scheme is being car* fled out by a good many of cur land holders, but nearly everybody is eon« tent with sowing a lew pises. As & quick-growing, hardy; and shady tree, we have nothing to eqpial the remark aMff pme, but beyond the shade and shelter it affords it has very little to recommend it. A great many were used up a few years ago for the manufacture of packing cases, but I'm told the tim ber was very unsuitable, as it was altogether too resinous. It 1B useless, also, as firewood; consequently, when it becomes necessary to cut pine trees down, they are usually disposed of by being burned up in ; heaps. Therefore, d#es it not Beem a pity that almost the whole of the space made, available for plantations, frequently very valuable land, too, should be given Up to pines, whoa something more useful might be. planted instead'. English trees. aro sown in a great many places through* out the district, but usually in amongst the pines, so that they rarely get a fair chance to develop, as the pines, being ot much quicker growth, practically smother them up. Besides the various species of guss> wattles, and shea-oaks, which are all very useful, we have also the block* woodi and, strange to say, this beauti* ful tree has almost completely died out of the district, Not so very many years ago blackwoods were very numerous, and now there is scarcely one to be seen. The timber of the blackwood tree is very usefuli and is much sought after for fire wood. Of course, the question of planta tions of this kind must be left to the discretion of the landholder, but it would be greatly to be desired that when people go to the trouble ansdl expense of jnaking plantations they should select "trees which, besides affording shade and shelter for stock, would be also of some commercial value when it becomes neces sary to chop them down. As regards the other" scheme, viz., 'enclosing portions of the green timbered country from stock, so that they may, have a chance of grow ing,' , something altogether different will be necessary. For instance, it would be quite unreasonable to expect any land holder to reserve portion of his land in this way,- as such land would practically cease to be of any further use to him; hence this scheme would be unworkable on privately owned land. The only alter native would, therefore, be to have such country resumed by . the Government for forest reserves. However, I do not con sider it necessary that any immediate steps should be taken towards ft I rying out this latter proposal, as lhi.ro is still a considerable quantity of green timber on the outskirts of the district, but 1 do tlSink that some such scheme might reasonably be adopted when the gieen trees have become somewhat spurse in our district. Therefore, let us not shirk our responsibilities in this direction, but let us all do our best to conserve the forest trees." Mr. T. Edwards agreed with Mr. Ken nedy. They should have begun saving their forests years ago. As an instance of the waste of the best of tlArir young trees ho mentioned the contract Mr. Nay Ior had to supply 200 or 300 telegraph poles. He got a licence from the Dis trict Council of Port MacDonnell to cut the trees down, and thus cut down 200 or 800 of their very best young trees. Something should be done to stoR such waste. (Hear, hear.) Mr. Engelbrecht asked if blackwoods could be cultivated. Mr. Ruwoldt said thfat if he had land on which blackwoods formerly grew, and let it remain in grass, and then burned the grasB off, Hundreds of young black woods would come up. The seed was in the ground. Mr. Pick thought they could be sown and cultivated like wattles. The Chairman said, that some years ago young blackwooi\s used, to come ,up thick ly on one side of the railway line be tween the Movant and WandilOi To get them to grow was merely a matter of enclosing the ground and keeping stock out. Mr. Pick said that if any one wanted to make an experiment, he could get them plenty of seed. Mr. J. Watson moved that Mr. Kenneitfy be heartily thanked for his paper. It should make some of them think of pre serving some of their trees. A country without trees was a poor one. Trees beautified a country, and regulated the rainfall. They modified the climate, and he thought that for climatic reasons they had a right to study the growth of trees. They were getting very scarce of firewood how, and it had gone up in . price very much in the past year. They were all thoughtless in cutting down t their trees, nover thinking of the after effects. dlcl not know what would bo begt to plant. The pine was tho fastest growing tree, but it was a great robber of the ground. Possibly some of the ' native trees could bo cultivated to ad vantage. The Forest Department should be able to put them on to the way ol getting the best trees. Mr. Pick said the great difficulty in successfully raising a forest was bush fires. He thought every landowner should grow his own forest on a small scale. In another generation there would be a difficulty to got posts as things were going on. Mr, Q, Bodey endorsed the sentiments expressed fit thp paper. He could also confirm what Mp. had said as to blackwoods growing up tffre/f prp . tected frctu stock. He fnupii sugar J fitte gvm.a grow M well as pinjes at £!!U *r"r.m *nti UlP KHPia l T.k( mud, 'Wf «»» -«tKl recom the pinus insignis. Ho wou. 1 xfc mend people to plant those gums. x~. supported the vote . of thanks. The secretary also supported the vote. He suggested that the Government be asked to use old rails for telegraph I poles and not young trees. Mr. Dow said the rails were too short for road crossings. Mr. lEdwards said that for those places they could use sawn posts. Tho Chairman said a large area of country was now under lease that was tho home of the stringy-burk-our most valuable timfjpr-and was being ruth lessly cleared. He thought that when the leases next fe'l in the land should be reserved for forest culture. By this means they would be saving forests for many generations. i The vote of thanks was carried. Mr. Edwards thought the Government had made a great mistake in leasing all the stringy-bark country. The Chairman-That is why I think they should resume the leases for forest purposes. Mr. Bodey-They are all let on per petual lease. Mr. Dow said the Government had a large forest reserve at Mount Maclntyre that they were doing nothing with. They had planted a lot of pines there where . red gums should have been planted. I The Chairman read a paragraph from , the "Register" of November 13 with re ference to South-Eastern Government forests as follows :-"On Thursday. No vember 5, the Conservator of Forests (Mr. \V, Gill) visited the I'enoOa Forest Reserve, and examined the trees planted this season; 12,000 Tlemarkable pines : had been put in. and they were found to ' have made excellent progress. On Satur day be inspected the plantations at Mount Maclntyre and Mount Burr, near Millicent. At Mount Maclntyre the older trees were doing well, nnd good work was being done in pruning and thinning the fine growth of young black wood (Acacia melanoxylon). which ;has been developed there by natural regene ration. At Mount Burr 19,000 Remark able pines were planted this season, and these, as well as those set in 1907, were all found to be making good growth. On Mondhlp and Tuesday the Conservator fospeeted timbered land in the new Hundred of Fflaum, near Frances, In order to ascertain Its fitness for forest reserve purposes." if the attention that had been, given to Remarkablo pines bad been given to the native treea it would do more good. As regarded fires, Mr. Feuerheerdt had thousands of acres of wattles near Lucindale, and he did-not suffer from fires. They ploughed fire breaks through the trees. Mr. Kennedy briefly replied to the vote of thanks. A paper by Mr. G. H. Kilsby on a "Trip to the Murray" had to be held over. 