®li« §0*fc ^atc(t, PUBLISHED EVERY WEDNESDAY AND SATURDAY MORNING. j 3ATUBDAT, MiECH 21, 1908. COMPULSIOM AND THIS LAND. There are not many people m Aus tralia who will afBrm that land fit ted for agriculture is put: to its best use when held in large areas for the purpose of feeding sheep only.. We have plenty of land which, if we were to attempt to put it to any other use, we should court disaster for those we tempted to do- so. But when the soil is suitable, the rain fall sufficient ;o warrant cultivation, and our growing population needs new openings for their enterprise, there is justification in affirming that the land fitted for a higher use than grazing should be given up to those who will use it to the best ad vantage. , J j Manv people do not like the word " Compulsory," and it would prob ablv be a better world than it now is if the enforcement of the principle were not needed. But in many ways people have to act. on compulsion, and it is quite right that they should have to do so. They are compelled to pay taxes to maintain order in the community, to protect the State from invasion, and to give up, not only their fortunes, but their personal liberty, if the State's neces sities demand it. In tihe matter of land it would un doubtedly be most desirable that those fortunate people who own large blocks of land adapted for clo ser settlement should see their way to sell or lease them, so as to make room for people as well as sheep and cattle. We should prefer to see them cutting up their estates and selling them voluntarily rather than that the State should need, to do so. But if they will not," we '.think . the State is justified in .(stepping in and saying it >vill do so. The individual must give way when he blocks the welfare of ' the State. : j[ n But under "any" circumstances we do not think the. State would be justified in . acting unjustly towards the man whose land was wanted on public' grounds. In the early , days of South Australia's ' history the Government vsold the Crown lands wholesale to provide money for all sorts of projects. Its then lessees had to buy them much against their will. ' But they-did so, and got titles which were a warrant to them that they could hold :them without the risk of confiscation or an act of injustice capable of being regarded as such. We therefore hold that no action should be resorted to that would deprive them of the fair, value of their property. In every case where it was deemed necessary to resume an estate for the welfare of the State and its people, the owner should be paid its fair value. This is hardly the view held by many. This section of the community advo cate the taxing of the land so that its market value may be depre ciated, and that it would thus be purchasable for less than it was worth. We must protest against this propaganda. It is not an honest one, and whatever steps may be taken to facilitate' the breaking up of the big estates that now bar the way for increasing the popula tion we hope that nothing will .. be done to warrant the record being put up that a proper thing was done in a way that inflicted an in justice on people who honestly ac quired their property and did good service to the State. Land can hardly be regarded as in the same category with personal es tate. A man may do what he likes with his personal property. He may lend, he may hoard, he may i waste, he may send it away to an | other country. His dealings with it j do not go beyond himself. But he I can only be regarded as a trustee of , his land, the holder of it for the 1 time being for the general good. When the general good requires that , it should be given up for another purpose to that for which he uses it, there is good reason and right in paying he must give it up and ac cept compensation in another des cription of property. Something of this line of thought . must have been . running in the minds i of those present at the annual con j ference of the South Australian Far mers' and Producers' Political Union. : At all . events, they passed ;the following .resolution That when the necessity arises'for the compulsory, repurchase of large es tates for the extension of agriculture within the rainfall line, provision should be made , in event of the par ties failing to agree as to the pur chase money for the constitution of a Court of Arbitration, to be pre sided over by a judge of the Su j preitie Court, with an arbitrator 011 each side, counsel to be excluded, but expert evidence to be admitted 011 behalf of Government and owner ol estate under consideration, and that each holder of an estate shall be allowed to retain £20,000 worth around the homestead." If a compulsory law were passed in the spirit of this resolution we do not think serious opposition would be offered to it by large estate holders; nor do we ' think there would be, much need for acting on it in the South-East, Our big estates have been melting away at. quite a rapid rate, and there is reason to believe that if the demand for agri cultural land is made apparent it will lie met. In a few more decades it will probably not be the . big ostites that the land-hungry will be clamoring for, .but that' a start should be made 011 the bigger of the now small estates. But sufficient .111(0 the day. is the evil thereof." Visit of the Acting - Premier.-As we were advised by Mr, W, Senior, M.P., a few days ago the Acting Premier (Hon. A. A. Kirkpatrick, Jl.Li.C.) camo to Mount Gan-fljier last night on an official visit, and will remain till Mondav evening. Mr. Senior notified the Mayor, .Mr. I''. Davison, and others of Mr. Kirkpat rick's intended coming, as there were several things he had (on behalf) of his colleagues) interviewed him about. The Mayor and Town Coun cil have arranged to see him 011 , Monday to press upon him their de sire to get free water for the public baths, a better water supply for tho Hospital, and an alteration of the w.c.s at the railway station. A deputation of stockmen and producers, led by Messrs, T. Yates and J. p. L. Schinckel, will wait upon him to-day to urge the laying down of a broad gauge rail way from Mount Gambier to Wolse ley. A Harriers Run. - A number of members of the Mount; Gambier Boys' Institute intend . to go into trainings for a -football club they purpose forming in connection with the In stitute, and started their exercises with a harriers run on Wednesdav evening. It was a moat enjoyable night, with a touch of frost in the air, and the country was illuminat ed by the full moon. Masters E Roach and A. Hosking were the hares, and there were about 30 har riers. The paper trail was laid from the Boys' Institute Hall about seven miles towards Glenburnie. Some boys from the East End had laid a false trail from the hall to near the gas-works, and the pursuers mistook that for the proper one, and did not discover their error till it gave out Then they returned and found the proper course. This gave the hares a good lead. However, the harriers reached them at Glenburnie, and a great chase ensued back to the town Master Hosking was caught by Mas^ ter Theo. Boys, but Roach reached home safely. The lads en loved the run very much, and intend to have one every month. The Victorian C ihinefc on Wednesday discussed fclie chim of a number of Feder a' servants who have reached the retire i ig age of 05, and who are anxious to be retained in the service for a year or so 1 >nger. In view of the fact that the men are still able to render good service to the downomvealth, it was decided to retain them for another 12 niohtnSi - : Louis Horwitz, solicitor, Hamiltoni wh ), in September, 1004, was sentenced to 6 years imprisonment for fraud, was j ordered to lis released a few days ago [ after serving 3Jr years. During his time [ in gaol he earned 1,440 good marks,, and j this entitled him to reduction' of j years in his sentence. The Chief Justice" I u'lio mude an order for roloi.se, remarked ! that the gnol regulations wero very ! indulgent. of addresses of welcome were made, and the new minister suitably re sponded. During the proceedings the Rev. D. Millar was presented with a purse of sovereigns from the congre gation in recognition of the valuable assistance rendered by him to the congregation during the long va cancy. Personal .-Mr". H. C. Cave, who has managed the Narracoorte branch of Dalltfety & Co. for two years, left with Mrs. Cave for Adelaide on Wednesday. During their stay at Narracoorte both Mr. and Mrs. vCave were popular with the residents. Mr. Cave did good service as a mem ber of the management of the Rac ine Club and P. and A. Society. Mr, Cave, who has severed his con nection with Dalgety &| Co., intends going into" business on his own ac count in the city. He was tendered a smoke social at the Narracoorte Hotel on Tuesday evening. Anniversary of the Glencoe Presby terian Church.-The Rev. G. Martin, of Millicent, preached the sermons in observance of the second anniversary of the Glencoe Presbyterian church on Sunday last. He preached in the forenoon and evening, and both ser vices were well attended. The an niversary tea and concert was held in the public hall at Glencoe East on Wednesday, and a great gathering of friends from Jar and near assembled. A numerous contingent of Mount Gambier visitors went out in drags and other conveyances, which left here at 2 o'clock, the fare being the easy one of 3/ return. The ladies of the church who provided the tea had an excellent provision, and wait ed as if to the manner born, and the repast is pronounced to have been one of the best the visitors enjoyed for many days. In the evening a concert, in which the local friends were assisted by Mount Gambier people, was held in the hall under the chairmanship of Mr. C. F. Flet cher. The following programme was carried out .--Overture, Miss A. Wal ker ; duet, .' The battle eve," Messrs. . L. Hay and Geo. Wright; song1, The toreador," Mr. R. M. Brab ham; duet, "To the woods," Misses A. Driscoll and G. Hay ; sons, "The old soldier," Mr. M. F. Ellis;:song, Life's lullaby," Mas W. Pearson; song. "Oh the heather, my lads," Mr. Geo. Wright ; duet, "Anchored," Miss M. and Mr. C. Hay; song, My pretty Jane," Mr. W. L. Hav song, " Off to Philadelphia," Mr m' F Ems - duet, "Excelsior," Messrs! Hay and Wright ; song, " Who'll co for a sailor, Mr. O! Hay; Because I lov© you," Miss A. Dris coll ; song, " The waggon," Mr. Brabham ; song, Once,'? Mr. Geo. Wright; song, "The Arab's fare well^ aTr. C. T. Fletcher, Mr, Brab haiiis. Miss Hay and Mr. C, Hay's and Mr. IV. L. Hay's: numbers were encored. Miss ^Valker rendered good service as accompanist, Mr, G F Ferguson, the church, secretary read the annual report, in the course of which it was stated that the present debt on the church was £287. The report expressed thanks to the Hon, G. Riddoch, M.L.C., Mr, W, Cha Ijck, and other fr ends for financial heln during the year, and to Hiss w atwick, ^for her services as organ ist. it added that the mission had £>a<?0 P^ress under Mr, C, F Fletcher s ministrations. The Chair !ffanJhPliAr' a£d tl^n* on the motion nu P- Cameron, for the Church Committeo, a vote of thanko was passed with acclamation S the ladies and gentlemen who had gono trom Mount Gambier to assist in the concert After the concert the Mount Gambier visitors drove home. Talk on the Boer War.-the Son* of lemperance Hail was crowded oil inursday evening to hear what was advertised, as a lecture, but what the deliverer preferred to call "a talk," on the Boer war, from Lieut.-Col. iiowland, V ,D. it was given in con* ST the Mount' Gambier Branch oi the A.N.A., after the the business meeting of the members uad concluded. Mr. Mathews, Presi dent of the Branch, presided; Lieut. bol. Rowland said he was not a lec turer, and would simply give a talk -n the part that he and the other Australians took in the campaign and what he saw in the country. In che course of his remarks he. said the South Australian contingent of soldiers-127 ollicers and men - ot a H .",'as commanding officer, V& Adel,aide ,earI.V in November; .reat;hed Capetown on tto i ^ same raontji. The steamer ?viedic, in which they sailed for South Africa, conveyed also contingents ii om other States, there being in all about (50 men on board. He then rave entertaining aiid interesting t!e v.riptions of the marchings, alarms surprises, lights, and other work in vhich the Australians were engaged n the Orange River State and the i ransvaal, and on a small map poin ted out the places of Tfote they ,-assed through. Several interesting acts were made , clear by the Lieut. colonel's discourse; One was the un lealLhiness of the conditions in which he soldiers were obliged to work in South Africa, causing hundreds oi them to suffer and die of enteric ever; but all the same the best was , lone for them that could be done, -.onsidering that all supplies had to ;e conveyed by a single line of 3ft. om. railway over 1,000 miles. Ano ther fact apparent was that the war nust have been one of the most liu nanf-as far as the British ? were con :erned-that was ever waged. Al though a good many farm hotisesihad .'o be burned, because thev were used is fortresses by snipers, the inmates vere first allowed to remove all the uiniture they wished out of them, md were then conveyed with their .cods by British wag<rons wherever .-hey wanted to go. When Pretoria A-as- taken Mrs. Kruger was ill, and he British generals ordered that the oadwa.v past her rosidenco should be ?iid with straw, and no hoavy traffic ?vas allowed to nass within a con siderable distance'of the place, lest t might disturb her. No churches vere ever injured or entere;! \v the soldiers. The women and .hildren of the Boers who were at vnr against the British were at the uune time maintained and educated | n concentration camps for many. :nonths by the latter. Soon after .ntering the Orange River State the Australian infantry, nearly: every one )f whom could ride, were provided with horses, given a little mounted drill, and employed as mounted In fantry, doing excellent work. During j the lecture 60 or 70 lantern slides of scenes and incidents in . the war-. i ind towns in the Dutch territories. I were shown by Mr. A. G. Eveuifct | with his new lantern. Lieut:-Coi. Mowland explained that many ?>f -these were taken by one of the men with a hand camera, in very, adverse circumstances, and where there were no proper means of development an^l. fixing, and consequently were not- so* good as thev would have been in more favorable conditions. They we-a very interesting, and as time goes on will become more and more valu able. Lieut.-Col, Howland' - has, y% capital collection, At the close a voto of thanks was passed to th£ ' ieut.-ColoneJ, and also to Mr. | Everitt, The London correspondent of the " Advertiser " notes the arrival in London of the Hon. Geo. Riddoch and his wife and grandchild. Mr. and Mrs. Riddoch intend to make a motor tour through Southern France . and Italy before they return to Aus tralia. It is also mentioned that. . Mr. T. L. Moore, of the Kingston '. State school, had arrived in London. Mr. Moore's mission is to get the best information possible as to teaching methods. Croquet Tournament.- A tourna ment between the lady members of the Croquet Club has been in pro gress for several weeks, and has ex cited much interest among those en gaged in it and their friends, It was brought to a close on Wednesday afternoon, when Mesdames Moody and Bertram, after an exciting con test. beat Mrs. Lawrie and Miss Johnson. At the outset the Presi dent of the club promised a trophy ' to the winner, but later on decided to give one to each of the winners in the last set ; thus a final was not needed. Mrs. Yates then presented Mesdames Moody and Bertram with a handsome cut glass silver-mounted ' powder jar each, and expressed the i hope that the Croquet Club would 1 long enjoy its present popularity. A , single-handed tournament, the . play«" ?? , ersto have two balls each, is now J heinp arranged, and, a long list of 1 entries is expected, Entries ehojld be muds wltl; the secretary ; The New Senator.-At the sitting? of the Federal Senate on Tuesday the President reported the receipt of the writ for the election of a mem ber for South Australia, showing that Mr. Vardon had been returned: Mr. Vardon was introduced by Sir Josiah Symon, and took the oath. The New Lifeboat.-On Wednesday morning the Marine Departmental steamer Governor Musgrave left Port for Port MacDonnell, with the new Adelaide lifeboat Undaunted in tow. Lifeboat Views.-" The Critic " of Thursday has four different views of the new lifeboat Undaunted, to be stationed at Port MacDonnell. The first shows the christening ceremony, the second a trial spin, the third its planned capsizing. and the fourth the boat righting herself. Tulcumbah Estate.-Tulcumbah Es tate is situated 11 miles from Gune* dah and 18 from Manilla, and com prises 26,000 acres of some of the beat land on the north-western slopes of >ew South Wales. Government returns show an exceptionally heavy .Tic i °\ w'heat> malting barley, oats (do bushels), and other grain .crops, The land is also splendidly adapted J&L; dairying and mixed farming. The rainfall is from 25 to 33 in<?jtie&, The Jvash River and Tulcumbah Creek run through the estate, and blocks are also served by judiciouslv placed and numerous wells, fitte'd with windmills and troughine The farms range from 20 to 2,500 .acres, wnicn will be sold on very 6&sv; terms. The auction will be hefd about the end of Mav. LithocraDh<? and full particulars will 1;T avafl ably shortly, and may be obtained from Dalgety & Coy, Ltd, Svdnev, and Lowcock, Broughton, and* King Tamworth and Gunnedah. ' Education Items.-Miss Elsie F. v Clarke, senior monitor at Wolselev, .has resigned-.. . It is suggested that topics for - Empire Day (May .25) celebrations should be :-The extent of the Empire ; the variety of races m it*; its wide commerce and varied industries its. navy ; its merchant fleet ; communication between its parts r the significance, of the flag ; heroic deeds in war and exploration, etc.;.-. abolition of slavery ; ' accounts . of great ..men, especially -those con nected with the gradual extension of . the. Empire; how Australia-, is con nected with the Empire; the Kinir -as head of the Empire.. ? P°y Bush-fires.-In its note ^.Tuesday..March 16, 1858,, under +v!g ' ?arly ,South Aus tralia, the ' Register ". has the fol &n;»FJeR/rdl°i^reat flres ^ the South-East The .oldest settlers m the South-East have never experi enced anything, like, the late hot wea ther and series of bush-fires Tha whole of Mr. Robertsons newly pur chased run .has been burnt, . with stockyard, paddock, fence, and hay stack, and the sheep had to- be re TvJ«n" ^rvJracArthur, between the Avenue, and Mosquito Plains, had his I°c?ilhec!, ani the whole of his woo! vi * i ,i^an-v °* the runs on the nic+S a11 siue- AWere devastated, and the South Australian side Messrs raHsnofSMoShtMr sqUMto plaln8< and losers, ° Gambler, were great >etnarkable . letter reached the Premier of Viotoria on Monday afternoon (writes the Mel. bourne .''Herald'' of Tuesday). It was sitrned J. T. Moate, iibd addressed from 08, South-terrace, Adelaide. The writer« after expressing regret that Mr. Bent had s answercd a previous cotnmuni6atiofl with reference toestablishinga "Ohm. tian J colony m Australia for sinning and starving people within the Empire, want °*to RS You have enough to £ i yo,u propose to account for ihe surplus on the awful day of judge ment and fiery indignation which shall devour the adversaries of the Lord? lhat day will most certainly come, and will be a dreadful day for all of us unless we act wiselyin the meantime, and before it is too late. Although I may fail to attract your notice, the great God of Heaven will not fail to do so." The writer continued in this strain for 2b foolscap pages of type-written matter, all of which failed to elicit any comment from Mr. Bent as he handed the letter to the reporter. 