NEWS AND NOTES. The ladies of the Church of England congregation, as requested by adver tisement in our last issue, met at the Shire-hali on Monday evening last, when proposals for a novel form of entertainment were placed before them. Those present were very enthusiastic over the proposals submitted, but to give those who were unfortunately prevented from being present by the. :phenomenat heat preailing' an oppor tunity of considering the matter, it was decided to adjourn the meeting until Saturday afternoon, Jan 5, at the Public Library. The vestry is anxious to see a large attendance of the con gregation (particularly ladies), so that the nature of the entertainment it is intended to provide will be fully dis cussed. Some funny things appear in coun-, try newspapers at times, but we have no doubt that should we ever "put our foot into it," and this, we find, is com paratively easy in this sociable little town of ours, smends will be made for our shortcomings. At any rate we can quite imagine what would happen to us if we printed a paragraph like this which appeared in the "West Gippsland Gazette," in Gippsland : "Our special reporter' Hermit' has been greatly improved by the prolific grey soil which embraces the Moe river valley, but especially that part of the country which runs from Mr Vaughan's homestead on the foothills of the Strezlecki Ranges, along the Hazeldean and Thornhill Creeks." Our contemporary, however, neglects to say whether the special took the "grey soil" outwardly as a poultice or in wardly as an emulsion. It would be interesting to those in search of a per fect cure to ascertain the correct facts. A bushfire broke out on the property of Mrs Homewood, at Homewood, on Monday last, and fanned by the high wind, spread rapidly. Had it not been for the promptness with which all adjoining landholders turned out, a serious fire would have resulted. They were assisted by the gangers from the line, who worked hard with them to get the fire under control, which they did after about 100 acres of grass and half a mile of fehcinig had been de stroyed. The fire burned grass on Messrs Purvis' and R. Williamson's land, in addition to Mrs Homewood's. Lately two or three new police magistrates have been appointed, the most recent being Mr Richard Knight, who was Clerk of Courts at Fitzroy, and one time C.P,S. at Echuca and Seymour. Mr Knight, who succeeded Mr T. Smal'man, is to receive £600 a year. He is the second son of Mrs Knight and brother of Mrs R. R. Nott, of Yea. The date of the cricket club's con cert has been altered to Wednesday, Feb 5. The local crack pigeon shooter, J. B. Hamilton, secured second prize (a diamond and pearl necklet) at North Brighton, in connection with the Melbourne Gun Club ladies' trophies meeting. Starlings were used. The bird that put him out fell dead about a yard outside the boundary, whilst the one that was killed by the winner (' Wonga') dropped a similar distance within bounds. Mr Hamilton was nomi nated by Miss Jones. 