KATN IN R1VERINA. Elder, Smith, & Co.. Limited, report hav ing received on October 20 the fol lowing telegram from the mana- ; gor Momba Station, Wilcannia:— "Rain October 16 — Momba, 1.00; Purnanga. 1,00; Mount Murcliison. 0.90; Mount Jack, 0.90. October 18—Momba, 0.11, natchy. Momba nnd Pine Creek ran; Cobrilla and Sandy tanks full. Paroo coach failed to arrive in Wilcannia in time for the Broken Hill mail owing to rain." VICTOR HARBOUR, October 15.-An othor shipment of Darling wool is expected to arrive shortly.' If the; canal, which the Marine Board advocates bo strongly, were ■constructed.it is the opinion of people here that - it would pay from the stare. The harbourmaster {Mr, G, Jeffery) expressed' the opinion at~a .public meeting that, "with ofPinnaroo and other (ba the opening «p __ tricts along the river, there would be much business on the Murray if facilities were given. He was .also of opinion that the cost of. construction would bie much under the estimate given"by Sir J. Ooode. He de plored the fact t.hat Sir James Boucaut's scheme of 1878 should have been abandoned. VIRGINIA, October 18.—The best hay crops this district ever had are expected to be cut this year. There "are excellent crops of malting barley, and the grain is filling well. It is now pretty certain the yield will exceed that for last season, which re turned from 30 to 40 bushels per acre. I Boring for water is going on in this neigh 1 bourhood. Mr. Fidge has tapped a strong spring at 73 ft., which flows to within 5 ft, of the surface on the land he recently pur chased from Mr. Cuningham, close to Vir ginia. This water is intended for irrigation purposes. ... CHARLEVILLE. October 17.—Heavy ! rains have fallen all over the-district. Mi!o Station registered .1.10; Charleville, ■ 0.75; Cunnamulla, 1.33; and Coongoola, 1.60. FARINA, October 14.—On Monday Mr. J. Brooks .trucked 81 cattle from Mun dowdna Station, the property of Mr. Syd ney Kidman, consigned to Tarlec. • Drover Roberts passed here oh Tuesday with 12,000 fat sheep belonging to Mr, Kidman, en route to southern market: On Wednesday Mr. J. Brooks trucked one train of fat cattle containing about 150 to Melbourne, end one of about the same num ber to Adelaide. These were brougltt down from Coongy Station by Dro ver Pratt, and are the property of Mr. Sydney Kidman. These cattle are in prime condition. To-day Mr. Brooks trucked 179 fats to Dry Creek, - and 38 to Gladstone. These are also part of Drover Pratt's mob. Drover A. Draper arrived to day with 203 fat cattle from Cowarie Sta tion, belonging to Messrs. D. Coulthard and Co. He will truck 10 vans—about 85 cattle —here to-morrow, consigned to Dulgety and Co.. Adelaide, and will travel the balance to Parachilna. Drover Draper says he ex pects to delirer another mob for the same owners about Christmas. Cattle dealers are experiencing great difficulty in getting suffi cient trucks for their stock. W ere enough trucks available there would be many more cattle trucked here. Two trains which should have arrived this morning are run ning about half a day late, owing to their having to wait for the trucks. HAWKER, October 10.—Drover Charles Napier arrived here this morning in charge of 80 head of fat cattle from Wirrealpa Station; owners, Messrs. John Lewis and Wave Brothers. The cattle are a prime lot for the Adelaide market, and will leave this evening by special train consigned to Elder, Smith, & Co., Limited. Drover Napier re ports that some parts of the Wirrealpa Station property are looking particularly well, but other "parts are badly off for feed. KALANGADOO, October 16.—The crops in this district are looking remarkably well, and give every promise of a bountiful harvest. KINGSTON, October 14.—In the early days Mount Benson was inhabited by about four people, the chief of whom was Mr. Andrew Dunn, who, in connection with Mr. William Hutchison, owned the most fa voured spots for agriculture. In those early days, before the coming of modern artificial manures, which have done such wonderful good in the south-east, the few people who did carry on farming had a rather uphill task. To-day there is not a vacant block in the whole hundred of Mount Benson, and recent land sales have realized excellent prices. Part of this is the result of modern appliances, but most of the money forth coming has been made from a source which for years was neglected—wattle bark. Miles of closely grown, wattle plantations along the coastline were allowed to remain un disturbed, for the ground was of little use as pasture, the home of the wattle being principally sand and stcne. Suddenly a de mand for wattle bark aro®e, and Mount Benson and Wangolina Plantations, 10 to 1.5 milee from Kingston, were gradually brought into prominence. Since then many of the earlier settlers have made comfort able competences. For the narrow- leaf bark prices are lower. £2 10/ to £3 being the usual rate. Broad-leaf wattle bark now brings double this price, ns it possesses ex cellent tanning properties. The industry is thus an important portion of the backbone of the district. Messrs. Wilko & Wight, by the establishment of a barkmill at Mount tSeaeon, did much to encourage tlie Jnuus tiy. In addition to this Dalgety & Co., Limited, liave a mill in the township, close to the wharf, and Messrs. J. Rcid & Sons also trade considerably, usually purchasing the long bark for treatment at their Ade laide mills. Bushfires at intervals have caused loss and delay: but. taken as a whole, the wattle indu-trv is the most re munerative we possess. "Mr. F. S. Wight has conducted a series of practical experi ments. and after permanent ejection of rabbits—a deadly foe of the infant wattle— by means of wire-netted paddocks, he has shown the way to rebuild the industry by each sf&son; sowing a certain area, to take the place of cleared portions. This is necessary, as wattles take at least five years to mature. By strip ping only those _ parts of the trees which have attained full growth it has been proved that the yield can be con siderably increased, and science is gradu ally asserting itself in our productive plan tations. Mr. Wight has done good work in this respect also. The 1908-9 season has just opened, and bands of strippers are hard at work denuding the trees of their covering. Last year's severe fire on Mr. Joseph Hunt's property caused many grow ers to decide to strip all available trees. The late rains will considerab'y extend the stripping season, as the bark will run well, and readily lend itself to the process. Prices are not yet fixed, but it is expected that last year's figures, in the vicinity of £5 to £5 10/, will rule for the best class , of bark. Alj the ground product will be ' exported hv sea, mostly per coastal traders , for transhipment abroad. Some hundreds of tons will thus be forwarded, and form ' a busy season for a large local contingent; of workers in putting the bark through its processes from stripping to grinding. ; LANOTTOBNE'S CHEEK. October ]«.— MOUNT GAMBTER, October 15.—The Gambler West Cheese and Butter Factory, which has been in existence for about 20 years, has been disposed of to a co-opera tive company, the, shareholders of which arc the milk suppliers in the district. The sum paid for the buildings and plant was £750. The new company frill take sion on November 2. Stock are looking and doing well every where. Along the late country, however, , felt sheep end lambs are dying from some " unknown cause; an exceSB of feedis given as a probable cause of death. MOUNT TOERBNS. October 16.^-Sheaiv fng and barkstripping have been delayed through the wet weather. .* QODNADATTA, October 15.—Drover' H Welch has trucked 16 vans of cattle to Ade« laide, consigned to Dalgetv & Co., Limited; owners W. Sargennt & Elliott, of Horse shoe Bond Station. The balance of the mob will he trucked at Warrina. Mr. J". A. Breaden, Todmorden Station, has for warded 14 vans of cattle to Adelaide, con i signed to Dalgety & Co. Two vans- atom I cattle have arrived on account of Mr. L. . R. Underdown. There are enquiries for J agistment in these parts. One firm are j asking for agistment for 10,000 sheep, and an offer has been submitted to them. I Messrs. D. S. Underdown & Son, of Hamil ton Bore Station, will truck 100 .head" of ' cattle on October 29; ' • DAWSON, October 8.—On Wednesday , stcadj- showers fell. These will be of great j benefit to the wheat crops. Shearing is j about cut out, and the clip generally has ; been good, and fairly clean. | WOLSELIlY, October 13.—Most of the farmers are busy shearing. The crops aire looking exceedingly well. Splendid rains fell . last week. ' BORDERTOWN, October 15.—During September 3,336 cattle passed through Ser viceton Railway Station. They were mostly fats. In the same month 8,078 sheep went through the border station. ; ARDROSSAN, October 15.—The crops are looking all that coudl ba desired; Whereas many farmers were at this time last year carting water, all dams and tanks arc now overflowing. CALTOWIE, October 15.-This after noon, in the institute, Mr. G. A. Goode'e large farm was offered for sale by Messrs, Bagot, Shakes, & Lewis. This property, better known as Mr. A. Kerr's, comprises about 2,300 acres of the best land in the district, and in view of the high reputation which the Hundred of Caltowie possesses as a wheat producer it was expected that exceptionally high prices would be ob tained. The property- was subdivided into three lots, containing respectively 1,195 acres, 530 acres, and 652 acres. There was a good attendance of buyers, but competi tion was not keen. The firm's popular seller (Mr. .T. Wilkinson) wielded the hum mer. The first lot, comprising 1,196 acres, on which the homestead is situated, wns passed in. but the 530-acre block wub bought by Mr. \V. Long at £5 8/per acre, and the 652 acres by Mr. B. Culley at £5 12/6 per acre. CARIIIF.TON, October 13.—Wheat and feed in all directions ere all that oould be desired, and it looks as though vrc are in for ore of the best seasons we have had for years. It is a pity that farmers had . not got more under crop, but the past years had disheartened them, and most al them have taken up dairying, which is a splendid standing, especially a year like this, as feed was never known to be better than at present. CHARLEYJLLE. October 3.—Mr. Watts (general manager for Mr. Kidman) reports the purchase of 2,400 bullocks, recently de livered at Norley by Drover Rose; and 1,000 bullocks will arrive in about two weeks in charge oi Drover Hooper, both lots being from Victoria Downs. The total purchase money, in round numbers, is f20,000. CI.ARF., October 15.—There was a large attendance of buyers at a land sale held at the town hall to-day by Messrs, Bagot, Shakes. & Lewis and Messrs. Barker Bro thers by order of the trustees of the late Mr. Joseph Freeman, of Koolunga. 31 r. Catt wag the auctioneer, and obtained good prices for the 4,600 acres, the average being about .-C5 5/ per acre. The following were the buyers:—BOO acres, Hundred of Upper Wakefield, Mr. O. Freeman, £8 10/ per acre; 382 acres, Hundred of Narridy, Mr. McCaulay, £0 per acre; 806 acres. Hun dred of Narridy, Mr, S. Freeman, £4 10/ per acre: 278 acres, Hundred Yackamoo rimdie, Mr. H Weikert, £7 10/ per acre; 387 acres. Hundred Yackamoonindie, 3Ir. A. Freeman. £5 15/ per acre; 330 acres, with perpetual lease of 78 acres same hun dred, Mr. A. Freeman, £3 4/ per acre; 727 acres, same hundred. Mr. T, A. Freeman. £3 17/ per acre; 640 acres, same hundred, Mr. Allen, £3 15/ per acre. CLEVK, October 14.—Haymaking is in full swing. The crops 'are looking well. The harvest will be later than usual. Many of the late crops are only coming into ear. CVitnEKCY CREEK, October 15.— Shearing is in full swing. The clip in some of the sheds is lighter than usual, on ac count of the extra area of land put under cultivation. DUBLIN. October 14.—Farmers are busy cutting tlieir bay. The crops here are fine, and a splendid yield is expected. MARRABKL, October 14.—Under the in fluence of recent rains and favourable ; •weather the crops have made rapid head way. A pood soaking rain this month : would benefit the late-sown wheat. Feed is also coming on, so that stock are doing : well, and farmers are enabled to place ; Iambs on the markets which otherwise | would have been carried forward. Shear . ing is just about complete, and the clip generally is highly satisfactory, j MORIBUND, October 12.—The crops are J looking well, and promise heavy yields, ' although some are dirty with wild oats. The wool clip is a heavy one—much above tiie average. The season all through' has been one of the best known for sheep, as the rains were early and continuous. Not a single ease of dry bible has been re ported. MORPBETT VAL.E, October 13.-The annual wind-up meeting of the Southern Fanners' frocicty was held at the institute last night; and the President (Mr. L. F. Christie) presided. The secretary (Mr. A. Anderson) read a satisfactory report, and presented a balance sheet, which -showed a credit balance of £1(3, which, together with the previous year's surplus, would bring the total to £30. The committee de cided to have a concert at Morphett Vale in March nest, and a social at Noarlunga in June. An offer made by Mr. F. Rosen berg to construct hurdles for use at next year's sports was accepted. A small hono rarium was voted to the secretary in recog nition of his energetic'services, A vote ot' thanks was accorded to the President for his services. ORROROO, October 15.—So far this year the season has been exceptional,' and on the Walloway Elaine better feed has never been seen -within the last 25 years. Grasshoppers -will, it is Seared, prove a pest, but to combat these thousands of native birds have put in an appearance and are doing their utmost to keep them down. In the town the lucerne patches are looking splendid. Some have baa a first cut, and the new growth is already several inches high. Owing to the wonderful rains experienced 60 opportunely this season, little water has been used on the patches, yet the uncut lucerne is from 15 in. to 20 in. high; In many cases little attention has been given to the beds in the way of manure, still it does remarkably well. The nature of the growth would convince any pessimist that the Walloway Plain with water will grow anything, and further indi cates that on the completion of the Pekina . Creek scheme and a reasonable amount of I care iind attention, the blocks taken up for irrigation purposes will be all that the promoters of the scheme and the holders of the blocks desire. ! , OODLA WJ11RA, October 15.—Shearing j is practically over in this district. The j dip on an average has been good. | SEDAN, October 15—A new borehole ! lias lately been begun in the township on j the property of. Mr. F. K. Zilm. The one . already in use, which was put down four ' years ago, though still working well and | giving a supply of 3,000 gallons a day, has been fcund to be insufficient to meet loc-il ! requirements. Consequently llr. H. 1 Kcuwertfeger has been employed to sink a I weond, which he lias carried down to a l depth of 80 ft. It is expected that another i 60 ft. of earth will have yet to be pierced before water is obtained. I SECOND VALLEY, October 14.—At j Rapid Bay the Messrs. Crozier have ; finished shearing. They consider this 6ea i son's wool equal to last year'6 clip. The j lucerne has been cut down for liay for the first time this year.—Cow Pox of more than ordinary severe type has been prevalent on several dairy farms lately. The immediate cause of its appear ance is not known, but the direct results are unquestioned. To the uninitiated a few minute red spots, not worth noting, appear on the teat; and, if not attended to, they quickly develop into large, angry j sores, and spread over the udder, and then the real trouble begins. The poor cow | must be milked, and the udder being in a j highly inflamed condition, the irritated ; creature considers the slightest touch on ; | this most tender organism of sensitive j I nerves a casus belli: and, although the bail i \ has deprived it of its only means of a frontal attack, it frequently succeeds in ■ getting in with a rear-leg defence of a most effective character, which places its enemy hors de combat, and legs, arms, bucket, ; stool, and cow are fearfully mixed up. j When an armistice after milking has been ' fixed up, a soothing bath of Condy's fluid and a good application of lard and sulphur have proved most beneficial to the dis treated animal. / STIRLING NORTH. October II—Hay ■ cutting has commenced, and the crop is far heavier than was expected. Last month's rain did a lot of good. SWAN REACH. October 12.—After a spell of dry weather and tremendous dust storms, a change took place in the weather on October 7, when a splendid rain (qj-erO.50) fell. As the crops were suffering from the , effects of the dry spell, this rain came most opportunely. Haymaking will begin shortly . on most farms. Shearing is about com pleted, and the clip is satisfactory. TEROWIE, October 14.—Shearing is finished at some of the stations, but at others it is in full swing. The clip pro mises to be a good one. TUMBY RAY, October 14.—This week will see the last of the old season's wheat. The merchants have cleared out their stocks. The Albatross and the Ready took over 3.000 bags for Messrs. Bell & Co., and the Alcestis is now loading 4.000 hags for Messrs. W. R. Cave & Co. Fears are en tertained bv tbe buvers that Die new stack ing grounds will not be ready for the com ing season. New wheat is expected to be delivered next month. , Haymaking and shearing are in full swing, gome good crops of bay arc being cut. BOEDEETOWN, October J7.-A public meeting was bold in the institute on Satur day to consider the advisabloness of fum ing a poultry club. Mr. D. F. Lawvie (the Government Poultry Expert) was present, and gave hints on the working of a c'ub. Mr. A. WiJson moved that the Tatiara Poultry Club lie formed; seconded by Air. Virgo, and carried. Officers elected;—Pre : sident, Mr. A. Wilson; Patron, Hon. A. H. Peake; Seoretarv, Air. W. R. Trew. CHAELEV1LLE, October 33. — Mr. ilames Patterson, owner of Ord River cattle station, left on Sunday morning by motor to meet bis cattle that arc Hearing here from the Kimberley district. West ern Australia. Old River cattle station has branded up 15,000 calves this season, and the manager considers that should the weather conditions allow and there are ■ horses available he could brand up to 20,000. I t;owl'.Mj, uctooer l/.—neavy ram icu I oil Monday evening and on Thursday: ) nearly 2 in. was registered. The rain will I do immense good to the late crops; but it 1 is feared that the early ones will not im | prove as the result, whilst considerable > damage has been done to llie new-mown 1 hay. of which there is a big cut this year. 1 CRADOC'K, October 15.—'filings commcr eially are looking up. and business of all description is brisk. Dalgety & Co., Li mi. ' ted. are holding monthly sales of stock. I and, judging from the number of stock sold ! at their last two sales, are doing a large ! business in this district. There is some talk of erecting more commodious siock i yards. A great deal of the land which ; had been cleared and cultivated for num j bers_ of years, lias now gone into larger . holdings, nnd used for_ grazing only. The . advent of vermin fencing is making a vast 1 difference in the appearance of (be coun ' try, for sheep are mostly left quietly run i nine at large instead of being mustered I and yarded at night, thus destroying i both land and feed. 1 GREEN'S PLAINS, October 18.-The ' most interesting open-air entertainment i available at present is a run around among : the beautiful fields of waving corn, aud . nowhere are these snore interesting or more excellent just now than on the Penin sula. _ Probably never before have these historical plains shown off their wheat ; crops t'o greater advantage. Clean, strong. ' vigorous growths, with a lot of go in them yet, and promising yields of from anything up to four tons to the acre of hay. The' i same may bo said with variations of the . crops from sea to sea, and from Ninnes to ' Minlaton. Great fields of living green, as , level as a table nnd high as the fences. The earlier varieties well out in ear; the later a strong healthy green reaching out i for records. In this advanced age the ; correct way to inspect crops is. of course, j by motor car. but even wbon flying along j at the rate of 20 miles an hour one can j not fail to realize the appropriateness of ; the lines—'"Whene'er I fake my ear abroad ; what lovely crops I see. And other thinn? ! along the road that don't belong to me." j 'A-bright lookout is being kept for rust, but \- if the weather continues windy as it has been during the past two or three days a rust will have to be pretty smart to hang on to a fence, let alone a stalk of wheat. One striking effect of the lightning is still visible along the road, in the remains of a liorse that was helping himself to a neigh bour's crop over the fence when the ligiit ning struck him, driving a hole clean through the animal, killing him on the 6pot. MORCKARD, October 18.—Residents have not known such a favourable spring as the present except 1889, when there was a favourable harvest. Feed is magnificent, waving like the crops. Some of the bunch grass is 18 in. liigli. , PENONG, October 10.—On Thursday the members of the agricultural bureau from 1'cnong and Denial Bay met the Bagster branch at Mr. F. Freeman's, where a home stead meeting was arranged, and general inspection of the experimental plots took place. It was estimated that the 13 plots would average 7 bushels. The members inspected the homestad of Mr. Freeman's, where an extensive stable has just been completed. It is considered the largest and best on the coast, measuring 72 ft. by 40. Fallow wheat land which was manured i» estimated to yield an average of 4 bags and 5 bags in places. PORT LINCOLN, October 16.— Many acres of crop have changed bands standing crop at prices ranging from £3 to £4 tier acre. A crop of 100 acres has been sold at £4 per acre. URANIA, October 15.—Shearing is in full swing, and the clip is fairly good.. W1RRABARA, October 15.—Shearing is general and the clip is good; but the un settled weather is causing hindcranees. The Wirrabara Station is this year shearing with machines consequently a number of local men who for years have liad a stand there have bad to go away for shearing, as the station let the board by contract to a firm from New South Wales. WOLSELEY, October 19-—Messrs. J. Thomson & Co., millers, have recently for warded large consignments of wheat by YORKETOWN, October 17.—Over 30 applicants attended at the town ball on Thursday, where the Land Hoard fiat, to hear evidence respecting the allotment of nine working men's blocks at Sunbury, which have lately been euiTeyed in what is known as the old police paddock. The issue of the enquiry is awaited with con siderable interest.—A large holding of graz ing and agricultural 'land, near Corny Point, changed hands lately, Mr. R. A. Ford, the owner, having sold to Dr. Hamilton, of Adelaide. STRA'JTfALBYJS7. October 20.—The en try list for the Strathalbyn Agricultural Society closed this morning, and promisea to make the 1©03 show an easy record. Horse stock, for which this show is cele brated, shows a large increase—137 more than last year. The Bheop and cattle en tries are also much in excess of previous years. The actual entries are:—Draughts, 60; light horses, 197; sheep, 78; cattle, 00; pigs, 31; poultiy. 180. The jumping events are well patronised. In the open hunters 13 well-known horses will lake part. Ponies, as usual, are numerous, and there are 22 in the jumping contest. Six teams of sections four are engaged, 11 pairs of plough horses are catalogued, four four horse teams, and eight trolly pairs. Sheep show an increase over last year of 71, and cattle 22. Stock are in excellent condition, and will be worthy of inspection. The in side show will also compare favourably ' with that of preceding years. A new fea ture is the Agricultural Department's ex- j Libit, The luncheon arrangements arc again in the bands of a ladies' committee. | The energetic secretary (Mr, W. F. J Adams) is confident that a record show will he the result of this year's work. 