DISTRICT NEWS. [rrRo OUR OWN COaaILsrONDENT]. Strathbogie. The excessive heat of the past week was further increased by bush-fires at Boho and near Table land, which did considerable damage to property, fenc ing. etc. At Boho a fire which had lingered for some days was fanned by the fierce hot wind on Monday, and made havoc of fences, stacks, and a homestead, the property of Messrs. James, while at Bridge Creek the properties of Messrs. James, Curran, McCoombe and Lane had a good deal of grass and fencing burnt, but the cool change and strenu ous efforts of workers brought both fires under control. A good proportion of the oat crops are threshed, and the returns will be about 30 bushels aver age for the district, and though this is much below former yields, yet the prices will make a good return for farmers. So far stock owners have nothing to complain of, as all stock are in strong, healthy condition, and, should a good autumn rain take place, a pros perous season will result. Poisoning rabbits is being actively engaged in, and as a result the district is fairly clear of the pest, the rabbits taking the poison well. As no trap ping is going on, the work done now will enable the summer grass to have a good start before the winter sets in. The manager of the butter factory informs me that the supply of milk and cream is keeping up very well, and good prices are being paid for same, and with a better spring, the factory, with its splendid plant, should have a much larger turnover than at present. That the factory should receive strong encouragement goes without saying, as very few country factories have better facilities for turning out a first class article. There is no work being done on the roads, owing to shortness of funds, but the new rate should bring in a substantial sum to the shire cof fers, and, as a large sum is being paid as interest, ratepayers, by paying promptly, could save a good deal of that, and, as the rates have to be paid, it is as well to do it now. No doubt in many cases want of thought is answerable for delay. A suggestion has been made tohave Strathbogie township. lighted by elec tricity. This may seem the joke of a wag, but it is contended that the motive power could be easily obtained from the creek, at very slight expense. 