AUSTRALIAN FARMING. ?; [By CaESPrN.j . . TROBiBILITY OF BUSHFIRES. Though the early parts of tbe year just end ing- were not all they might have been, from the agriculturists' and pastoralists' point of view over large areas of the continent, the spring has been so prolific that there is an un usual supply- of summer grass. As some of the country is but lightly stocked this has reached quite abnormal proportions, and' it is now turning into a', silvers' white. Just -weeks hundreds of miles of crass lands will be ready to burniike a tinder when.once a match' . gets near to it. . Unfortunately experience in the past shows -that not only, are-tires- to tie more feared in the dry weather, n-heu the grass Is-long, hat-thai they -fixe ajways/mort numer ous. Individual districts way escape such a year, but if any State be taken an a whole, it will be found that the summer coming on long dry pastures always brines far more Hum ous and more destructive files than summers coming on normally short grass. So. that in a measure it may be said the fires come in circleB with the good seasons. This* of course tends against the provision of precautions to deal with the.m. One year may lie very bad and for the next some of the landholders may have provided against a repetition of their or their neighbours' losses to the best of their ability and others who are thinking of doing so would, probably interoret their thought into action if next year also the firea wire numerous and bard to check. But probably there will be but few fires for several years in that immediate locality: because, the grass is scanty at the fire time and so the good methods' which' are just commencing get discontinued and. by the time that fires become bad again* the country is still in a quite unprepared state . .- - - PREVENTATIVE MEASURES. Bush fires arevpsobably, iof all' the evils the farmer and paatoralist in Australia has to deal ?with, the most difficult to prevent.1 . When- a fire is raging aoro3s gross land at twenty miles an bonj-yasitbften does in hot North wind February , days, water carts and ; fighting appliances are of little use, for men cannot approach within several hundred yards of its head, and if they did they would be left ' there merely as blackened, and charred remains. When there are trees about, breaks are useless to check the flames, . for they will mn up the trunks, ignite little ^pieces of bark near the top and these will rise high up in the heated 'air and blow away sometimes half a mile before they alight again, when they will restart the flames in some fresh' spot. In perfectly plain country where there are no trees at all such ^breaks undoubtedly will stop a fire four, times out of five, and -the wonder is that'under such circumstances -they^ are not -always burnt a couple of chains through . and through the country as a safeguard. But landholders pro vided with this opportunity from the nature of the land they are working are of course iti a small minority, and the others have to get en the .best '-way they can. Undoubtedly the biggest - advance yet - made in protecting rural property agoinst fire is in tbe establishment of bush telephones which allow stock to he moved out of the way «f the flames long .-.before they, come and also often help the owners to make preparation which'result in homesteads being saved. On large estates, a look out Bhould also be kept from some ad jicent place of altitude which, commands an extensive view of the surrounding country. When men are concen trated quickly on the. scene of the outbreak, 'they can often do excellent work in -narrowsng in the sides of the -fire. It is impossible to work at the head of nth© flames^ but the ex tendon of the side 'fire can often ' be -controlled and large areas of country in that way saved from burning. . ? -~ ?-.THE'. MD&Ritr; WATERS. ': There seems to 'be little chance of the agree ment arrived- at between South. Australia and the other States in regard to the use of the Mutray . waters bemer sanctioned by the Vic torian Parlament. The fact that Sir Thomas Bent fathered the document has been made much use of by his critics during the present election, and public. feeling lias become rather keen about the matter and to the detriment of both the JEremier and the agreement... jOhief exception 'is' 'feifen- to' the 'proposals -'because they are viewed as placing- the interests of irri gation below those of navigation. The river born traffic is smaller than that carried on any of the side railway lines. ia^Viictoria^ whilst the watei util|s.ed'.fo'ft ^hejpggp!O5eV;is-_sufficient to -«ra 4o*ff?rfg&!feni4tenTlied^^thpusands of dcres of arid dry land through, which it flows and which can be turned to very little profit able purpose unless artificially watered. There can be lifcfcJe-doubt that the mo vemsot towards wider and more- generally adopted irrigation ia.at present very strong just. now in Victorian One is however naturally led to ask if it would not be better for the State to first turn to pro ductive use the-miJlions-of ficres of land just as fertile as the- land of tbe North and abundantly watered by the natural rainfall, but which are still held jn almost complete idleness under sheep by owners who can afford to wait for the unearned increment. ?;/?'. - -.-'?? ' Christmas, without ihe delicacies and fine confections which 'the modern caterer affords, would be -,a CCHrietcaias deprived of niost of it'scliarm jjaud aueptdblishment aiSnd ing a laiger'or better assbrtment'df Christinas specialities than Brickneirs Cafe of 31 Rundie Street, - Adelaide, would be very 'diaiiult to: find. We have received from Brickneir& Cafe a copy of their 190S Christmas price list, whiuh this up^to-date firm is niailing far and wide. Since tbe establishment of this favorite cater ing house each succeeding year has -marked a steady increase of special Xmas orders, and each year- extensions have been necessary to handle the increasing: volume of business. Tbe firm having value for its watchword, and a full: experience of^ the requirements of its customers, together with an undoubted repu ' tatioti for the -eseellenceof itsjmannfaetates. is a safe ;one to entrust;., with.; .orders; .and when- thess -aforementioned merits .are com l.inei with' a large' and 'competent staff of^ irin: lectioners, tsackers, etc.^ and a complete an^l comprehensive system of handling- - orders from aU parts of the ^Statf. it. , necessarily -fol~ ? lows that the confidence bf a ltrge Lody of the ' pulil'c of -S.A.;is. iot wanting- in ? practical manifestation. Whether if-or Christmas and New Year cike^, shortbreada^ -njince pfes, chocolate, confectionery, l-on bons. hollv, etc., the stoik is unstirpasBed; and an inspection is well! worth while ; and it behoves e'verjsone who desires, the perfection of excellence in their Christmas catering: to have Brickneli's price lists before they make uptheir orders for their Christmas requirements* ' x 