A Visit to Birchmore. RECLAIMING THE WASTE LANDS. TRIAL OF THE NEW TRACTION ENGINE. Islanders are realising that one of the most progressive men they have in the mids to-day is Mr John Dewar of Birchmore, a property situated some 11 or 12 miles from Kingscote, and which comprises nearly 8000 acres of freehold. A shrewd, level- headed, far-seeing man, the proprietor of Birchmore has seized hold of op- portunities which other men would have passed by and he is now show- ing what can be done in the way of reclaiming and rendering fertile—lands which might have gone on for years giving of their nourishment to sustain useless scrub. Islanders are, to a great extant, nothing if not conserva- tive, and they take some time to make up their minds as to whether they are going to like a man or not, but Mr Dewar, as one of the compara- tively new arrivals, is gradually win- ning the esteem and respect of all and, once having done so, he can rest as- sured that he will not lose it easily. When a man backs up his opinion of a place by the expenditure of a con- siderable amount of solid cash there is no question of his faith, and this is what Mr Dewar has done. His latest move has been the purchase and the introduction to the Island of a 22-horse-power traction engine, manufactured by Messrs Marshall Sons & Co., of Gainsborough, England the sale being effected through Mr A. E. Warren, of Kingscote, for the agents (Messrs Clutterbuck Bros.) As announced in our last issue a public trial of the engine was held at Birchmore on Thursday when, in spite of one of those hot days which even Kangaroo Island is occassionally treated to, some 40 or 50 people at- tended, the gathering included a sprinkling of the fair sex who, like the menfolk, felt an interest in watch- ing the movements of that useful creature on the farm—the iron horse. The road to Birchmore takes in the crossing at the Cygnet River which is located at one of the pret- tiest spots on the Island being thickly studded with gum tress. Passing Mr C. G. Palmer's travellers are soon acquainted with the fact that they are moving through country which has felt the full force of the bushfire. Later the Birchmore boundary is reached and several galvanised iron roofs shining in the distance pro- claim the fact that the homestead is visible. Presently we are moving over the Birchmore flats—blackened for the time being—but which in time to come will probably be con- verted into vast wheat-fields. Near the homestead we pass over a quan- tity of ploughed ground disturbing a small family of quails in doing so and then, in a few pipe-whiffs, the out- ward journey is over. But even as the heated horses are being unharnessed clouds of dust are visible in the distance by way of con- trast to the smoke arising from smouldering scrub-fires, and vehicles are seen moving through the timber. From that time until late in the after- noon visitors continue to arrive, per fout-in-hand, two-in-hand, horseback, and in every other manner except per boot which is a mode of convey- ance not desirable on a hot day. Mr Ebdy, representing Clutterbuck Bros., was present to watch matters on behalf of his firm, while Mr Ifould (the firm's engineer) drove the iron horse with the assistance of Mr W. J. Dewar who officiated as stoker. At intervals the visitors were invited to partake of cool drinks, which were very acceptable. The engine was, first of all, tested as it scrub roller in the presence of a number of experienced and practical critics. Behind it was fastened an iron drag, constructed in the form of a triangle by Mr W. J. Dewar, who is to be complimented on his handi- work. With this attachment the engine started of though the scrub closely followed by an interested body of men (ccmprising well-known Islanders, new settlers, amateur pho- tographers and others) while, acting as a rearguard, came a small detach- ment of ladies. The work performed by engine and drag in knocking down and tearing up the scrub gave general satisfaction, although there where one or two pre- sent who expressed themselves as being more in favor of the roller. To meet this, however the argument was brought forward, that the roller could rot cope as successfully as the drag with the very small scrub. The larger mallee saplings went down before the onslaught of engine, and drag like corn before the reaper. The engine then steamed off to another field of operations. Fastened to a particularly strong five-furrow stump-jump plough specially con- structed by the Triumph Plow Com- pany the strong creature moved over some country through which light scrub had been blackened by a pass- ing bushnre while behind, the plough-shares left five fairly deep furrows in the landscaps and rooted up anything in the shape of scrub that came in their way. This test also afforded great satisfaction and favorable comments were heard on all sides. At the conclusion of the trial Mr Dewar was the recipient of many congratulations on his pluck and en- terprise in securing the engine and on the successful display which had taken place that afternoon. On leaving Birchmore en route for Kingscote once more the visitor, as he gazed at the surrounding scrub, could not help prophesying to him- self great things in the future, so far as the above-mentioned pro- perty was concerned, and in the con- summation of which the iron horse will play a prominent part. 