GLADSTONE. (From Our Own Correspondent.) The steamer Itonis loaded fifir horem , here -on Monday kurt. for the* Indian market. The draft was desnat&ed; by Mr. Hegarty. She had 300 horeea on board from other ports, besides Other cargo, wtcn she left Glad- ? stone direct for India. The Itonis is 5340 tons grow and 447 ft. in length, and when ? shfr berthed at the wuarf at low water foe was drav.-rnir 22 fL -''ar,t.-im M««inT,.u. was very pleased with toe facilities provi ded for taldnp; the horses on'toarf and stated that it jras the nest port ior the purpose he bad called at in Australia. The Gladstone meat works will despatch a further shipment of 250 tons of froaea L meat in a fe-v days wliic-h shou'd iurt about empty the sterns of the balanre of he frozen beef from last frasoiTs killing [Tie treatment of sheep will commence on the 10th of September and will be eon fanred untn well on towards the end of the year Tie purc-liase 'of 37.000 sh^p was recently eftarted; but tlus is only |»r tion of what will be brought down' from the west. ? The monthly meeting of the Chamber ol Commerce was held on Thursday even ing. Beports were presented which stated ! hat, at a result of recent deputations to . j Brisbane, there was a prospect of a sum N of money being secured for the purpose of J further prospecting, the- Collide coalfield and opening the Quua-road to ' the Boyne .Valley Railway. The question of improv ing tbe skipping (aeiJiUos -at the Govern ment jetty was discussed and referred to a committee to tofee ljie steps necessary. A eub-coinmitiee \vas also appointed to suggest .t mean? of advertising the port and .district. * - Tne monthly meeting of tbe Land Com irusrioiier's Court was held on Thursday before Commissioner Wood, lie applica-: tion of A^nes Mitchell for grazing farm ?No. 1, parish of Rule, was granted for Ifirae. H. T. Craig's application, for agricultural homestead No. 14C, parish of PoJnailv, was adjourned. Jin application hy Xorman Fasiner to ringbark 'grazing homestead No. 25S iras refused, 'file fol lowing nmiioitions for land were accep ted — Louisa O'Grady, agricultural farm No. 1«C, 16 acres 13 'jierclies, Soutii Trees; M. D.-. Smith, agricultural homestead, portion 32v, 320 acres, Riverston; B. W. tSbea, agricultural farm', portion lSv. 10 acres, South Trees; W. D. Louden. pTaz ing farms It and 15, 2270 and iSOO b«k, Annandale. The steamer Bingera did not arrive liece on Wednesday until o pan. and her mails end passengers had to be despatslred liv epeasil train that night. Die delay was canted by a. mishap to the machinery. and the vrasel is now in dock undergoing re phs. Her running for a ooui-le of weeks lias been taken by tie fiteamcr B3Tcoo. A magisterial inquiry into tbe death of Joseph Reynolds, whose body was re centlv found close to Gladstone, was held by the Polije Magistrate (Mr. M. J. Bra*e vfdl) on Tuesday. The evidence showed that the deceased, who was a recent QrrivaS here, started drinking and con tinued doing so as long as his money lasted, and then wandered off into the trash and died cither as Uie result of a tit or -exriosure. Tbe weather continues dry, but other tv fee it is very pleasant. A good down pour cf rain is wanted to ensure a satis factory spring. Bushfires are visible on aU sides; but the settlers are doing their test to preserve Uie f^nss in case rain should not falL Gladstone, 29th August, 1908. 