ATHELSTONE THREATENED. A representative of "The Advertiser" visited 'the scene of the fire on Sunday evening, and found Black Hill, "which is within a mile of Athelstone, well covered with the conflagration. Here and there flames rose from stumps, "while the fire it self had swept the hollow of the hill and reached what is known by local residents as the Third Black Hill. Mrs. Kearney's property was then in a dangerous position. There were a dozen fire-fighters waiting for the expected on rush of the fire. It had previously swept a great part of Mrs. Kearney's land, which comprises 110 acres, and large piles of wood, cut and ready for sale, were de stroved. This wood consisted mostly of mallee, butit was insured. The flames came within 20 yards of the homestead, but with the aid of willing neighbors were diverted. Nearly 100 fowls are running oil Mrs. Kearney's property and these narrowly escaped a fiery fatfe. About a mile and a half of fencing belonging to the same owner was destroyed. "While assisting in fighting the bushfire at Black Hill Mr. Crane's coat caught fire, but he escaped injurv. Mr. R. Biy, who is a brother of Mrs. Kearney, had his shirt burnt off his back, but he also escaped very lightly. £Text to the Black Range is a hill named Sugarloaf Hill, and here Mr. R. Amber has a laree holding. His brother, Mr. Arthur Amber, owns property near by, on which the fir& had burnt itself out. Mr. Robert Amber started a check fire on his own land, burning back 'the grass and scrub to stop the progress of the advancing fire. Alpout 7 o'clock on Sunday evening, however, the wind changed and the check fire then assumed a most dangerous charac ter, and was feared even more than the original fire, which at half-past 10 had al most ceased to increase its area of devasta tion. When the wind changed the fire changed its course, and residents turned out m a large body to stem the tide of flame from making its way over the Athel stone Oval, Mrs. Kearney's property, and the scrub along that line, as then it might ha"\?b reached Athelstone township. At one time the school and post-office were within less than a mile of the fire, while the Institute was within a quarter of a mile from it. Until a late hour these places were still in danger. At about half-past 11 o'clock on Sunday night the flames were seen to shoot up in a big volume and the fire was then observed to be as fierce as at any previous time. What might happen during the night was uncertain, but there are several houses m great danger and scores of people have ar ranged to watch the fire throughout the night. These willing workers were wei provided for with refreshmeat. Wo wa c is being used to cope with the fire, the fire-fighters finding that boughs serve the purpose better. There is, however, a large dam in close proximity to Mrs. Kearney's house, and this will be used in case of emer gency. Ihe scene as viewed from the Athelstone road was exceedingly fine. Driving in the direction of the fire at a late hour at night, one saw a tract of hillside, having a peake ridge almost three miles in extent, broken against the line by the vivi.l flames, the golden hue being rendered ;iil the more effective by the purple clouds of smoke, which crowned the whole scene. Specked along the burning country were trees or stumps or fences, which gave to the flames generous food, and as the de vouring element licked the substance into iniP'iser glow, these points sparkled and scintillated with exceeding spectacular beauty. A Property Owner Interviewed. Mr. W. M. Emmerton, of Montacute, - was seen by a representative of '"The Adver tiser'' on Sunday night. He said the first intimation he received of the fire leached him at i p.m. on Saturday, when he was told that a few acress of scrub was burning on his property at Montacute. With the aid of a few willing workers he tried to fight the flames, but beyond being able to keep them in check within his own boun dary they had little success. As far as he could ascertain it appeared that the fire had started between his property and that of a neighbor, Mr. Fox. When Mr. Em merton left the scene at 2 a.m. on Sunday it seemed that the flames had been checked on the eastern side between the two pro perties. Several men were left in charge, and he was surprised at a later hour to find that the fire had made con siderable headway. There was no cultivated ground within the area of the flames, but as there was a quantity of scrub timber, fuel was plentiful, and the fire easily made progress when once it had obtained a wide hold. Referring to. Mr. Fox's property (Black Hill), Mr. Emmerton said that although the fire presented a fine and terrible spec tacle it was fortunate there were no plote of garden or other cultivated land within the boundaries of the area over which it travelled. The Extent of the Fire. The fire, said Mr. Emmerton, swept through the properties of Messrs^ Fox, Stuekey, A. Ambers, R. Ambers, Mrs, Kearney, and his own, making a large tract of hillside country. He had little doubt that, so far as all the properties except Mrs. Kearney's and Messrs. Stuckey's and Ambers .were ^gaite saff^and gyga in spect to these he did not regard the danger as being really serious. Willing Workers It is characteristic of the people of this State to turn out in force to fight the fire fiend whenever he breaks loose m scrub or country lands. The present instance was no exception to this rule, and despite tha intense heat about 50 men worked valiantly with bags, boughs, and every other instrument which promised to be of use-ia extinguishing the flames. As a result of this a large tract of wattle country, which at one time was in danger, was saved on Mr. Emmerton's estate. The north winjl which prevailed for the greater portion a/ the time was also in his favor. 