NAPuRAOOORTE DISTRICT SWEPT. Narraeoorte. January 19. A large bush fire broke out in Morambro land on Friday morning, and travelled over a large portion of the Burnside, Lochaber, and Morambro country, destroying thou sands of acres of grass and fencing. Burn side and Morambro were heavy sufferers 6,000 acres being burnt on Morambro. The fire went through land belonging to Messrs. W. Magor, K. A. Miles, S. F. Grieve, and J. F. Eyder (Lochaber), and D. Findlater. Mr. Magor's sheds, machinery, 200 bags of wheat, grass, and fencing were all de stroyed, and it was with difficulty that the house was saved. The wheat was uninsured. About 40 beaters worked hard at the fire, and it was conquered by 1 o'clock. Heavy volumes of smoke surrounds the town, showing that there must be large bushfires at a distance still burning. Narracoorte, January 20. Busk fires have been raging in several parts of the surrounding district during the past few days. As already reported, a fire swept over Morambro, Burnside, and Locha ber on Friday, destroying thousands of acres of grass and fencing. Mr. W. Major; one of the Lochaber settlers, was burnt out, his house only escaping. _ Yesterday afternoon the fire started again in the Morambro woolshed, and all the outbuildings and gar den were destroyed. . Fires are raging on Elderslie, Warraten bullie, and Struan, and thousands of acres of grass, fencing, and several bridges have been burnt. The Warratenbulhe home stead narrowly escaped, and the woolshed was only saved with much difficulty. At Joanna Mr. J. Marcus lost a stack of hay, machinery, and other materials. At Mr. H. Patterson's, Megappa, everything was burnt, and Mr. McEwans' house was only preserved after a severe \fight with the flames. A fire is burning on Newlands and Laurie Park, and another is raging north of the town, coming from the Gap country. It ig also reported that the Laurie Park woolshed has been burnt down. The damage done to stock by the fireg is not yet known. CURRENCY CREEK,„ January 20.—A disastrous .bush fire broke out here on Thursday last, and has been raging for miles. / A second fire occurred, and it is supposed to have been caused by sparks from a railway engine. Hundreds of acres of grass feed and fencing has been burnt down. Messrs. Holmes Bros, lost nearly everything, including beautiful orchards. Mr. E. Scott also suffered severely, as well as several others, sheep, calves, and other animals having been destroyed. Hundreds of willing hands from all directions battled day and night with the flames. Much praise is due to Mrs. Willmett, of the Tem perance Hotel, and other ladies, who braved the flames and supplied tea and cool drihks to the fire-fighters. There is still great danger of the whole of the district being burnt out. PORT ELLIOT, January 19,—The fire, which for some days has been raging in the hills to the north of Port Elliot, has done considerable damage. After touching lightly the property of Mr. F. Adams it entered the estate of Messrs. Duncan and Robert Holmes, destroying about 2,000 acres belonging to them, besides some miles of rabbit-proof fencing, which they had but lately erected. Air. E. D. Scott also suf fered some damage to his property. VIRGINIA, January 20.—A fire started on the Buekland Park rim, near St. Kilda, on Friday night. A young man, J. Sheedy, gave the alarm, and a few "willing neighbors hurried to the spot; After a little time they put the fire out, only a few acres of grass being burnt. On parts of this estate the grass is high and thick, but there are fire-breaks through several paddocks. YORKETOWN, January 19.—A fire oc curred on the Warooka-road this morning about three miles from Warooka, and a lot of fencing on each side of the road was burnt, besides about 100 acres of grass and several telegraph poles. A large crowd of people assembled from all directions, and prevented what threatened to be a calamity, considering the excessively hot weather and strong wind. The Yorketown police were early on the scene, as well as the local trooper. It is not known how the fire originated, but it is stated that the preson who discovered the outbreak saw a swag man walking away from the vicinity. NAERNE, January 20. — Yesterday fires raged all round the town. Air. Cavanagh is reported to have had 150 acres of grass burnt; Air. Shephard suffered to a lesser extent. 1 Mounted-Constable Hansberry was exceedingly busy all day, and a number of willing workers helped to beat out the flames. 