Bush Fires. j BhECli FOREST. RESIDENTS' NARROW ESCAPE. COLAG. Tnocutt Y'rwr R ?sh f:rr,s " »»i» in various parts ot the Beech ana Cape Ot.way forests The Beech Forest, railway station has been in great danger u,st night, on the arrival of the train from Colac, it was deemed advisable to keep the engine unaer steam so that the rolling , cum" De removed m the event of the danger increasing. a large number of people waicnea all night ready to give assistance, but aoout two o clock this morning the wind changed and the danger, was averted. "" Several houses alongside the station were omy saved witn great difficulty, but a number ot othera wete damaged or wholly descroyed. Wilson and Ferguson's store caught fire, and burnt ike tinder everything heing destroyed. Tue Chutch or England, a few yards away, p t'.lirsfc ''/ames. and the only cbing saved from it was the organ. A small goods shop, owned by J.- Gardner, was also totally des troyed. J Just then the wind changed. If it had not a n , eHved thu Commercial Bank- ana the Lommercial Hotel. Along Lavqrs road the fire is still raging fiercely. Mr Jacob Deppeler's property including the homestead,, farm buildings and separating rooms, have been destroyed. Damage Mias also been d ne to the residences of Messrs J. Webh H. Jackson, and John Deppeler. Mr Glapham and his family had a narrow escape. I rees were burning all round, and the house caught fire. The inmates had to wrap themselves m wet blankets in order to make their escape, and even then they receiv d some nasty burns. Two men named D. Dowers and John Lucas risked their lives in assisting to remove the lapham family to a place of safety. £ I,e . ter had his home destroyed, and . Ir J. H. Sprigg, residing at Winibo, lost- every- Liun, whilst several adjoining selectors fought tor hours, and were only successful after a very severe fight. M hen the train was coming from Beech Forest to Colac this morning a large tree which was burning fell across the line just as the train had passed the spot. The falling tree just missed the train. Near.y 100 people in and near Beech Forest suffered severely from smoke, some being lenaeied temporarily blind. Dr Backh use is rendering alt the assistance in his power. 