NEWS IN BRIEF The Thistle won the ocean yacht race from Melbourne to Launceston, a distance of about 300 miles, on New Year's Day. The other placed yachts were Earabler and Shamrook. At a fire which occurred at a Kanowna homestead lease on Christmas Day, the flames reached the piggery. Seventeen porkers were roasted to death. It was 108J degrees in Kalgoorlie on Christmas Eve, but a few hours later the glass fell to 63 degrees — a drop of 45 i degrees. A posse of detectives is now employed in stamping out the practice of ticket scalping. ._^^ An amateur at the game was fined £5 at ^^' Ivalgoorlie last week. A warrant has been issued for the arrest or Vjieineni/ vjrmtjnousn, a yuuu^ oieiii m tuo water supply department at Boulder, whose books show a shortage of .£150. Ah Hoeng, a repulsive-looking Celestial, was sent to gaol for twelve months, with hard labor, last Tuesday at Perth, for hiss connection with an opium den in the metropolis. The evidence showed a terrible state of affairs. The rate struck by the Wagin municipal council — Is 3ad in the £, which includes everything — is one of the smallest in the State. The West-Arthur roads board is assisting the Wagin railway league to secure the railway from Wagin to Darkan. Through a bushfire at Woodanilling a few days ago, a farmer lost 20 acres of standing wheat and about 75 bags of oats. F. M. McTTenzie, the well-known log chopper, is to attempt the existing world's rec'rd for the underhand chopatthe forth eomiEg sports meeting' at YY agin. According to Mr W. B. Hill, a Sydney speculator, there are 600 phanties in the Northern Territory, and only seven licensed \ houses. He further asserts that the blacks lit' are being openly served wich liquor. The magistrate in Perth believed in pro tecting thtt police while on duty. Ho sentenced a man to seven days, without the option, last Friday, for interfering with a constable while he was arresting another man. Most of the pariahs of the metropolis who were brought up before Mr Roe on Thursday for being idle persons were sen tenced to imprisonment for terms ranging from one month to five months. Russia gave Japan's Ambassador in .London a cneque tor .£4(ybU,uuu last week. This is for the balance of the coat of main taining the Eussian prisoners during the late war. Andrew Lund, who a few weeks back rifled the pockets of a Yarloop mill-hand, while on a visic to Perth, was awarded four months' gaol at Perth on Friday. At Hamnshire on New Year's Day, Major Phillips, who recently figured as the re spondent in a divorce suit, attempted to shoot his wife, and afterwards wounded his mother-in-law and a solicitor named Smith. He then tGok his own life. A Barrow-in-Furness firm has contracted to build another battleship of the Dread nought type. The hull and machinery . alone of this giant is to cost £628,000. Lord Nunburnholme, M.P.,(better known as Mr Charles H. Wilson, the big Hull ship builder), who died recently, left; a fortune of a million sterling. He was knighted as late as 1905. The late Mr Wilkinson Smith, of Nottingham, left £250,000 for the benefit of ihe widows of the lace-workers in the country. Over 1000 visitors arrived at Albany from the beginning of December until the end of last week. On the Sunday preced ing Christmas Day no fewer than 253 travelled to that port. Two tribes on the Solomon Islands, in the Pacific, had a diffwauce last month, when the Moli men, after killing thirteen of the other tribe, carried their bodies away. An old man named Michael Ronan was found dead, through a gunshot wound, at his farm near Mt Erin in the Geraldton district last Thursday. It is surmised that the weapon he was carrying accident ally exploded. Nearly 18,000 acres of land belonging to the Midland Eailway Coy, and situated near Goomalling and Bolgart, were sold by auction at Newcastle last week. The blocks, which averaged nearly 900 acres eaoh, realised from 3s 6d to 25s per acre. The Hon. Jamo3 Mitchell has purchased the property known as Marrinup, ne*r Northam. The price paid tor the 940 acres was £7050, or ab the high rate of £7 10s par acre. The triangular bowling match on New Year's Day between the three chief towns on the Eastern goldfields resulted in a win for Boulder, who scored 37 to Kalgoorlie's 21 and Coolgardle's 20. The match was played in the old camp. Fitzgrafton, an Australian horse, has achieved the . distinction of winning* the last two Viceroy's Cups, in Calcutta. No other imported equine has performed the same feat. Of the Australian jockeys riding in Eng land during the season just closed, Wootton won 39 times, while Bullock's victories were 30. Hewitt caught the judges' eyes on 15 occasions. Eighteen of the Ormuz's immigrants brought the large sum of £6500 into the State. They and the other 44 are all going *a-jg-~~on the land. Dr Torres, the Abbott of New Norcia, yesterday performed the ceremony of de- dicating the new altar at the Sacred Heart Church at Goomalling. The statue, which was imported from Spain at a cost of £150, is the gift of Mrs G. Slater. Some Spanish priests assisted at the function. The game of bowls is very popular in Glasgow, where over 11,000 players took part in matches on the various greens of the municipality last season. ft Eobert Brown, for stealing a rug and a dozen Doccies or oranay ac jjongarra, was let off by paying a £2 fine at Geraldton last week. The population of West Australia at the end of last year was 263,973, an increase of only 2,227 on the figures at the cIosj of 1908\. During December there were 754 more departures than arrivals. Eev Cation Nash has definitely decided to proceed to England by the Mongolia, to be present at the charges instituted against him during his early ministry. Gladys Eaisbeck and Ivy Williams, two young girls, were drowned in Port Phillip on Friday afternoon through the capsizing of a yajht. The other occupant, Edward Slater, had to swim a mile and a half to regain the shore. BS^f Several articles lost recently from the ^^ rail way station at Tambellup, near Katanning, have been traced to the house of a weil-known resident, who is to be pro ceeded against. The manager of a Cobar (N.S.W.) copper mine dismissed two hands on T hursday f c r not working their shift on New Year's Day. The whole of the men, numbering 60, laid down their tools next day. The closing down ot the mineis now threatened by the management. Through the fork of his machine snap ping while engaged in a race at Mount Magnet last Thursday, a cyclist named W. Drayton sustained concussion of the brain and had his jaw and three ribs broken. _ It was 115 degrees in the shade at Norse man on Friday. The dams are drying quickly, and a water famine is feared, _ unless rain intervenes. Madame Melba's first five concerts in Sydney and Melbourne realised over £7000. The Norseman residents are protesting against any delay in completing the rail way from Coolgardie to their town. The line is now open to Widgiemooltha, which is about half way. The Atheist mayor of the French village of Bressy-sur-Tille, near Dijon, with the consent of the council, has sold the church, a sixteenth century edifice, for 250 francs (£10), on condition it is at once demol ished. The latest retu-n3show that the total strength of the trades unions in Eussia is nearly a quarter of a million men. The biggest of these, the millers' union, has a The Bayerne, th' firsfc German ' Dread nought,' is to be launched at the end of next month. Farl Grey. Canada's Governor-General, struck the first coin at the newly-erected Mint in Ottawa on Friday. The annual blacks' tr«at, instituted twelv -eaM ago by Kev E. II. Collick on the. goldfi'lds was held at Boulder on New Years Eve. Thtt eighty who put in an appearance emptied all the conrents of the dishes into a large receptacle, after fil ling the inner man. A letter posted in 1856 in Ireland to a New South Wales man reached its destina tion only a few days ago. It was thus over half a century old. The Eontgen rays disclosed the presence of a venomous spider in the ear of a farm r residing at Ballarat last Thursday. The man was in terrible agony until the poison ous insect's life was ended by some whisky which was injected into the ear. John Collins, one of Geraldton's first settlers, died there Ia3t week of senile decay. The final crushing for last year from the Multum-in-Parvo mine, at Meekatharra, produced 531oz of gold from 54 tons of ore. It is asserted that leprosy is rampant in New Caledonia amongst the Kanakas, who are allowed to mix up with the whites. The French newspaper in Noumea has taken up the matter. The State produced 154.455 oz of fine gold during December, making the total for the year 1,697,494 oz. This is the low est yearly yield since 1900. The gold output has been steadly falling since theboom year of 1903, when the yield was 2,064,801 oz. The value of the gold obtained during 1907 was a shade over £7,900,000. Two men quarrelled at Wellington (N.S.W.) last Thursday. In the fight, one of them fell down and expired. His assail ant, James Sheridan, has been arrested. Lai'ge bushfires raged inthe'N'ewmacarra district, near Geraldton, last week. One pastoralist alone lost over 2,000 acres of good grass and a quantity of fencing. The fire, which started near the railway line at Kojerina Siding, was probably caused by a spark from an engine. An inquest has been opened on the the body of Willaim Birch, who met with his death by a shot from a rifle at Pinjarra while at a picnic last Thursday. Mr 1-. Mam, a well known hgure m Victoria., and a former member of Parlia ment, died at Queeuscliff on Friday, from pneumonia. Captain McKenzie, of the Minota, while obtaining fresh Kanaka recruits from one of the Solomon group of islands last month, was pounced on by two bushmen, and tomahawked to pieces. At the second trial for alleged libel on Count Moltke, which has just been con cluded at Berlin, Herr Harden, the editor of Zukunft, has been found guilty. He was sentenced to four months' imprison ment. One of the steamer Bromley's crew, who has repeatedly refused to do duty while the vessel was in Freniantle, wa- sen'enci d t' six weeks' ga -1 last Sa urdy, for dis obeying the captain's orders. For stealing the savings (£130) of an old man named Morron, at Goulburn (N.S.W.), D. S. Cambey, an occasional guest at the dwelling, was committed for trial last Wednesday. Mr Robinson, tho manager of this State's farms, has left Victoria for Fremantle. He brings with him over 6te)00 specially select ed ewes for purchase by the farmers under easy terms. As the result of inquiries made anent the recent burning down of portion of the Beehive Hotel, at Cuddingwarra, an elder ly mau named Frederick Dave has been arrested for alleged incendiarism. Considerable dissatisfaction is expressed amongst Wa^in residents in the delay in opening the public hospital which has been completed some time. The Wagin people who subscribed £250 towards the erection of the building, have already had to send one typhoid patient to Katanning. They state that the institu tion should be opened immediately, before any harvesting accidents occur. A verdict of suicide during temporary insanity was returned at Midland Junc tion yesterday in the case of Mrs Scriven, on New Year's Day. Her daughter was married only the day previous. Mrs M. A. Strickland, perhaps the oldest female in the State, died at Perth on Saturday, in her 89th year. Tho deceased lady came out with her parents in 1829 by the Parmelia, the first immigrant ship which arrived in West Australia. Collie coal to the extent of 6102 tons was consumed by the Government railways for the four weeks end'id December 14 last. Uuring the same period, 304Stons of the imported article were used. The State battery at Mount Morgans was opened last Saturday. The trial run was thoroughly satisfactory. The death is announced, in Adelaide, cf Mr G. W. Hawkes, who for many years has been one of its stipendiary magistrates. Mr Hawkes, who was born in 1821, arrived in Australia in 1840. Edward Weseley, an elderly clerk, was brutually assaulted at his home at Cottes loe Beach early on Sunday morning, when he was also robbed of £17. The desperado used a knuckle-duster on the unfortunate man. An earthquake, which occurred at Stew-, artstown, in Jamaica, last Friday, destroy ed the Episcopal church theie. During 1907, the New South Wales Government assisted 2845 immigrants to the State, while 756 others were attracted there by its advertising policy. The New Zealand footballers have added to their Ii3t of wins by defeating the Hull Kingston team last Saturday, after a very close game. James Gouldor, a remittance man from England, who followed the occupation of a tailor's fitter, drowned himself in a Sydney water-hole, after trying ineffectually to cut his throat. He offered a boy £5 to shoot him a few days ago. An elderlv womau named Mrs Swanston was burnt to death a1; Boulder on Sunday morning, through her h'U-e ca'ching fir~. Her body was practically charred to cin ders. Four men were arrested in Syduey on Saturday night for the theft of jewellery from Anthony Horden's emporium. All the goods were found in the possession of one of the men, who was an employee of the firm until lately. Another Kalgoorlie defalcation. On Sunday afternoon, E. J. Simpson, a clerk in a sharebroker's ofHce, was arrested for misappropriation. The sum involved is nearly £1,500. If you want anything in the way of Literature TRY the CENTRAL NEWS AGENCY. 