BUSH FIEES. SPECIAL PRECAUTIONS NEEDED. (By our Special Commissioner.) South Australia possesses one aavanuge Over New South Wales and Victoria in having, in proportion to area, a limited ex- tent of grass lands. Consequently the risks of widespread devastation and immense losses from fire are, under normal condi- tions, correspondingly leis. This season, however, will see so exceptional a growth of grass and vegetation ot all kinds that special precautions will need to he taken to guard against the enemy. The time to make preparations is now, before the feed dries'off, before the heat ot summer is es- tablished; and vvhilst strips of soil can be ploughed, and this method of providing a nrebieak can be made' eilecuve. To wail untJ-next month is to postpone necessary work, until the rush of harvest sets in. ii ar- mera^ graziers, and pastoralists .alike will I be acting best in their own.intereste if they, begin without further delay to do all that i is possible to protect their boundaries. Visi- tors who have passed a summer upon any ¡ of the huge grass-covered pastoral holdings in Victoria or New S/mth Wales cannot' fail to have been impressed by the extra-1 ordinary precautions which are annually taken everywhere in such districts to guard against outbreaks of fire. .Nor can they > have failed to notice the constant state ot I nervous agitation which characterises the I conversation and plans of . station-owners, i managers^ selectors, and settlers generally. Of late years in this State periodical sum- mer outbreaks have been bl minor conse- quence,'and have been mote or less con- fined to the hills and rough ranges of the Lower North and of the South, or to the plains of the South-East. Farmers have not been heavy sufferers, having usually had the^ good fortune to get their crops on before any serious visitation has occurred. But they cannot safely leave so much to chance this season, nor can they calcu- late upon escape by reason of previous im- munity. , The spread of population and the gradual absorption of grass lands for pur- poses of closer settlement- have tended greatly to diminish risks. But neither of these influences is' sufficiently "Well estab- lished yet to give adequate security, seeing that in a few weeks' time inflammable ma- terial" will be more prolific on'all sides than has ever* b'éfore been the case. Wfi are not familiar in this State with the system of, private fire brigades that forms such a feature of bush and country .districts over-the border. We hear nothing of permanent employment being offered to people to act as watchmen and look-out men .during" the summer; months. f Else- where among 'neighboring grass districts huge conning towers have been erected like lighthouses on sites that command miles of landscape. From these points ob- servation is persistently maintained by day and night ;witb. telescope and field-glasses. Communication with head-quarters-usually the homestead-is kept np by means of .1 telephone, the top wire of fences being uti- lised for the purpose. Appliances for beating I out burning grass-great feather flaps on the end of broomstocks-water-carts, _ every- thing that the craft of man can devise, are kept on hand for coping with any sudden outbreak. On some estates the permanent working staff is maintained at a certain nu- merical strength for no other purpose than that of meeting fire emergencies. T3ush and country storekeepers lend their aid to the system of precaution by never Stocking wax vestas- and other dangerous brands of matches. The Far Northern sheepowner, usually knows little of these anxieties save under exceptionally favorable conditions 'his^ grass (spear, mulga, wire, and silver varieties which are all of* the tussocky order and not densely packed like a carpet) would not burn continuously even if deliberately Set alight. But this year finds even these grasses waving like a wheatfield and close set over many a square mile of country. Saltbush and mulga do not burn very freely, and even sandhills which carry a" dense I growth of spinifex seldom keep alight be- yond sundown. If they did the aborigines of the little-known interior would long ago have burnt out the heart of the con- tient, for they persistently set alight to this class of country as an aid to the hunting of small game, rats, lizards, &c.;_ Fires in the mallee scrub in such districts as the West Coast, Kangaroo Island, and the like have hitherto occasioned little loss of any- thing very valuable. As, however, new settlers, generally start off by locating their holdings more or less irregularly in the dense scrub they are placing themselves un- comfortably near danger. The travelling Bwagman gets the credit, possibly oftener than he deserves, of setting many a fire ablaze. Legislation has done_ much to reduce risks and has not even ignored the 'minute sparks that may proceed from the smefcer's pipe. Notwithstanding this inter- vention of the law many serious outbreaks are caused by the remains of deserted camp fires, which get scattered by a sadden gust of wind and speedily find some material with »which to spread a blaze. Matches carelessly thrown down whilst still alight have caused many a fire in the past, and unufed matches (not safeties) that have got' adrift and, been trodden on by sheep or other stock, and thus ignited, have to carry a measure of blame. ' Phosphorised pollard laid as poison for rabbits has earned an unenviable reputation for increasing the danger'of bush'fires, but whether rightly or wrongly seems a moot point. Probably it ia a much overrated source of menace. On many a station over the border in the past ingenious contrivances have been found rigged up for_tbe deliberate purpose of generating a fire' among "grass. These usually consist of cunning arrangements of glass bottle bottoms so located as to pro- cure a light from the sky by concentrating the sun's rays upon some very inflammable material. It is of no avail to ignore such risks or to place, too much confidence in the genus sundowner, because such occur- rences-have been-proved and1 are known to be a means employed by scoundrels to take revenge or levyi blackmail. Rather than have, some of these gentry, at large upon the run and camping indiscriminately away from 'supervision Borne landowners prefer to ¿make them cordially weldome at the «ad. They . find the process of smothering their feelings over the enter- tainment' of such visitors less exacting than that of smothering the trail of bush fires which so many sundowners., if dissatisfied with their reception, have a way of leaving in their wake. Fanners can make arrangements witn insurance companies to take over a propor- tion of the risk of losing crops by fire, and thereby partly escape the trying ordeal of spending their days in a state of nervous apprehension. .Fires in the Mount Lofty, Barossa, and other ranges make the dwel- lers in the city and on the Adelaide plains fairly familiar with thevspectacular effect of such''outbreaks, but at their worst they are far short of the truly appalling sights ta be seen from time to time in Gippsland. The precautipns taken each year by the South Australian Ballway Department to destroy all Vegetation along and inside the railway line fences assists greatly in re- straining many an outbreak. These methods admit, of more general imitation among farmers, and now is the time to set about the work when the feed is green and when scythe and sickle can be made to bite. By clearing around fences and fenc- ing posts now, and by outlining the course of a proposed fire-break with the scythe, one can later on safely burn off the strip and make a proper clearance right along the track. When a fire has brokeq out cir- cumstantial evidence is of little more ac- count in tracing its origin to a railway en- gine than it is in debiting it to the malice of ?a human being. In matters of incen- diarism assumption counts very little. Evi- dence that is strong enough to sheet home the offence in a case of murder has been known to fail ignominiously at a fire in- quest. Nobody wishes to see a crop of in- quests during the now rapidly approaching summer, but as such seem inevitable unless special precautions are taken in time all through the country it behoves farmers, graziers, and pastoralists to be up and doing to safeguard their crops, stock, and miscel- laneous property. The proverbial stitch in time that saves nine is peculiarly applicable this season in connection with bush fires. 