.... ....©.©«©«se . © . © . . . © © © © © © © © . © © © © © . © © © © . . © : IN THE CONVICT DAYS ..©© ©©.©..©.©©©©.©«©. © © . O . © a © © * m AAA By 'Marcus' . In the year 1850 Victoria got her gold, and that same year Western Aus- tralia received her first batch of con- victs from Dartmoor prison by the sailing ship Scindian. The colony was made a convict settlement by the ex- pressed wish of a handful of people who formed its population in those days. It was a case of convicts or clear; indeed, a great number of clear- ances took place owing to the advent of the criminals. Those who remained looked upon the importations as bene- factors, for each shipment meant the circulation of a large amount of money, which was lavishly distributed through the channels of the Imperial Commissariat Department. The Com- missary General was the great Poo Bah. His linger pressed the financial button, and our little body of mer- chants concentrated their financial an- gling proclivities in the direction of the Commissariat Store, which was situated on the Bazaar Terrace block now occupied by the Supreme Court. Hence the advent of the man with a history, whose costume was emblazon- ed with the crow's foot distinguishing mark, was looked upon by the free set- tlers who remained as an element for good and, by a strange coincidence, Convict No. 1 was named Thomas Scattergood. We had seventeen years of convict traffic between, the prisons of Old England and Fremantle, com- mencing in 1850 and terminating, ow- ing to the intervention of our Eastern neighbors, in 1867. During that time we received 10, 000 gaol birds, who in- curred an expenditure, departmentally and otherwise, amounting to three millions sterling. In order that the convicts should not intermarry with the free families already here, a large number of women were despatched from England by Henry Manning, the colony's London agent of those days. Manning was uncle of Frederick Charles Monger, to- day's representative for York in the legislative Assembly. Many of Man- ning's selections were the sweepings of the London streets, and as the con- victs were liberated, many of them married the immigrant girls, and the children of those unions are to be met with in all portions of the State to- day. The transportation of some of the convicts of W.A. turned out to be a blessing in disguise for themselves and their descendants, as they have been able to hand down to posterity some of Perth and Fremantle's best title deeds as well as innumerable farming properties, filled with flocks and herds. The record voyage for a sailing ship between London and Fremantle is still held by the convict ship Racehorse, her time of 63 days from land to land never having been equalled. Among the gallant ten thousand there were many ruffians cf the deepest dye. I was well acquainted with one who had been twice transported "from England to Van Dieman's Land, once to Botany Bay and once to Swan River. His crimes were highway rob- bery and burglary, and at each con- vict settlement he committed a mur- der. This blood-thirsty old scoundrel thought no more of killing a man than an ordinary individual would of des- patching a game cock. For family reasons I shall give him the cognomen of Harry Boswell. His murder in Western Australia was especially cold blocded. Harry and three other priso- ners one night scaled the walls of the Fremantle establishment, which was then situated where the Esplanade Ho- tel now stands. The four escapees de- termined to get to the Malay Islands, and thence to their old haunts in Lon- don and Birmingham. They went di- rect to the south jetty and comman- deered a boat belonging to the Water Police Department, in which they head- ed for Garden Island. As their escape from the prison was made at mid- night, they were not missed until roll call next morning, and by that time they had plundered the only settler of Garden Island of all his belongings. The islander was an old man named.: James Read, who landed there from the Dorsetshire in 1830. The despera- does tied poor old Read and his wife to a tree, and threatened to return and murder them if they gave any hint to the police as to the direction their boat headed after leaving the is- land. Read had a grandson who was ill in bed at the time, suffering from bush-fire wounds, and it was owing to the boy's bravery in crawling out of bed after the four prisoners had cut adrift Read's boats and left the island, that the authorities were able to know the course they were steering. The lad untied his two grandparents, who then made bush-fires to attract the atten- tion of the Fremantle residents, but several days elapsed before any assis- tance came to Mr. and Mrs. Read's re- lief. By that time the escapees were in the vicinity of the Nor'-West Cape. The authorities depatchcd several members of the water police in pursuit and three of the runaways were arres- ted at the Rosemary Islands, the other one having died, so they reported, from the effects of thirst. Upon their return to Fremantle prison the three ruffians were brought before the Su- preme Court and charged with high- way robbery, which in those days was a capital offence. They were found guilty, and sentenced to death, but Mr. and Mrs. Read, though ruined in mind, body and estate, pleaded for their re- prieve, which was granted, and a sen- tence of fifteen years' penal servitude was recorded against each. Many years afterwards I had Bos- well in my service in the Perth build- ing trade. He was an excellent trades- man, and frequently conversed with me about his career. In describing the four murders with which he had been associated, he had most regret for the last one. As to that, he said, "I despatched an old pal. but I had to do it. It happened this way. Af- ter sticking up and robbing Mr. Read, we stole his whaleboat and headed for the Rosemary Islands. On the twelfth day out we ran out of tucker, and we decided that one of us should die to feed , the other three, so we agreed to cast lots, lt was resolved that the man who drew Number 4 should be killed by the man who drew No. 3. I drew the number that compelled me to do the deed. I was then steering the boat with an oar, so I made a marling spike, with which I floored my old pal, and his remains kept us in food until we got among the walla- bies at Rosemary island." The yeomanry cf Old England is largely represented among our con- victs. Consequently many of them went on the land after getting their ticket-of- leave. There were two of that class who settled in one of the 5 coun- try districts about one hundred miles from Perth, where they established two nicely- appointed homesteads. They settled on two contiguous blocks, and worked together like brothers in as- sisting each other. Ultimately, they decided to enter the marriage state, and came to Fremantle to select a wife a-piece from the next batch of immi- grant girls. These were due to arrive from Ireland by the barque Robert Morrison. For the purpose of des- cription without identification I shall call these men by the names of Jack- son and Johnson. In due course the Robert Morrison arrived, and the pair of farmers secured the pick of the ship- ment. After their marriage they re- mained in Perth for a few days, load- ing up their teams at the various stores, in which they conveyed their brides to their respective homes. Years passed on, and everything prospered with both families. Their flocks and herds increased like those of Abraham and Lot, and their wives were a pair of very faithful wives. In fact, their quivers were so full that, after twelve years of uninterrupted married bliss Jackson's wife was the mother of seven bonny boys, while Johnson had a similar number of daughters. All went well with both families until an illicit compact sprang up between Mr. Jackson and Mrs. Johnson, and they ultimately became so enamoured of each, other that they decided to elope to Colombo. In those days Albany was our only port of de- parture by steamer, so they secured their passages by the R. M. S. Banga- lore.; Chipper's red- and-yellow van was the mail conveyance between Perth and Albany, and the vehicle was due to pass a certain letter-box attached to a tree at midnight.The two lovers agreed to meet there, come what might. They were both prompt to time, but the mail coach was not. It had broken down. This gave Mrs. Johnson time to reflect, and she de- cided to change her plans and to re- turn to her husband and children. She lost no time in conveying her determin- ation to Jackson, who became fran- tic with rage, his passion for the wo- man being such that he lost all self- control. "You will not accompany me?" said he, "No, I shall not; I cannot leave my children." "The take that !" said "Jackson, pulling the trigger of a revolver, and shooting the unfortunate woman dead on the spot. The report of the firearm was heard by Johnson, who was soon on the spot, and saw the dead body of his wife, near which he heard his old mate's confession of the murder. They both went to the nearest police sta- tion, where Jackson made a clean breast of the tragedy, for which he was shortly afterwards tried and executed in Perth gaol. Within two years of the murder, Johnson had Mrs. Jackson to the altar, and made her his wife: and finally, the matrimonial tie joined together, the seven Jackson boys and the seven Johnson girls. 