"Burning Off" and BushFires Spring has come, and summer will fol low. The first is the period for "burn ing off" ; the second is the period for hush fires. Our .Socialist politicians have not yet directed their attention to the passing of laws for regulating "burnings off" in spring, or liability to bush fixes in summer. Perhaps they care for none of tlieso things. They form the business of the bated capitalist. Some- limes a few individuals, other than hated capitalists, are victims to miscon duct' in the matter of burning off the - dead grass of winter, and in the matter of hush fires consuming tint dry grass of summer. But there is an urgent call that, a competent authority should look after these affairs. Report has it that a few days ago, somewhere, up the .northern coast, a sugarcane grower set about the work of burning oil. The wind was favourable ; and so a neighbouring field of about, a hundred acres of cane was accidentally set afire, to the very great loss of somebody. Most likely it was insured for a part, of its value. The season being a good one, in truth it has been a record season, the cane of that large field, measuring a hundred acres, was abnormally heavy. Perhaps some of it will be saved ; it might lie saved if it were possihlo at once to send it. to the crushing mills. But the crushing mills arc full up with current orders ; and so a great ileal of that cane, saved from the fire, may perish, because it is not possihlo immediately to crush if. Can nothing he done by way of controlling these examples of burning off in spring? When such cases arc. examined, we find that all loo frequently they arc results of gross care lessness. Most accidents are of that class. To take an example, not connected with burning off, hut illustraiive of care lessness, see the accident, which recently occurred in Sydney, whereby a warehouse was flooded. At the top of the. building there was a lavatory I Just, leaving a tap running, and there was the result— the loss of goods valued at several thousands of pounds. Why was that lavatory placed where it might cause so much mischief by the mere accident of leaving a tap open ? Seeing that the direction of so many of our pastoral lioldiugs is located in the. city, it should he a matter of concern to directors that griat care is taken by per sons engaged in burning off dead winter grass. In and near a great many home steads, grass and undergrowth of trees arc left as if they never could be a causo of danger. By and by the sun shines on a piece of glass, and ignites dry grass in its vicinity. Or a careless bushman throws down an unspent match. That is all to begin 'With. Very soon / many square miles of dead grass aro on fire. The fire ap proaches the homestead. It seizes on the fences ; it runs hither and thither like wild horses. It flames up to the very buildings ol the homestead. Frantic efforts are made to save whatever may bo fcscucd. . When all is over,' tho man ager- perceives how easily lie might have prqytnteil damage from tlje conflagration,' by clearing away tho undergrowth, per-/ haps by firing it oil when wind and weather, were favourable for the work, of destruction! without any danger what ever. About the only excuse ever offered for neglect, of these precautions, is, in the words, "Wo never gave a thought to it." It is not at all to he expected that tho present spring or the coming summer will not bring us any of these mishaps. It therefore should bo someone's .business carefully to do whatever may be neces sary to prevent them. 