LOCAL AND GENERAL NEWS. • Mr A. J. Chick, Solicitor and Notary, advertises trust moneys to lend on approved securities. The Municipal Council have struck a general rate of is 3d, and a health rate of ^d in the Li. Darkan and Arthur fanners should note Mr Quigley's advertisement re gristing wheat at the Williams. There will be a committee meeting of the Wagin Athletic Sports Committee on Tuesday night next at 8 p.m. at the Federal Hotek There will be two Williams town lots and two Nippering town lots sold on January 17th at Narrogin and Wagin respectively. A special train from Kojoaup of 21 trucks loaded with fat lambs passed through Wagin yesterday, Mr Barrett Lennard being the consignee^ The homestead farm of A. Heath, Kojonup, Location 1921, has been cancelled, and will be open for selection at Wagm on and after January 8. At the last "meeting of the West Arthur Roads Board it was decided to support the Wagin Railway League in securing the .Wagin-Darkan railway connection. There are a number of tenders called ijl our advertising columns for clearing, burning off. etc. - Also for the Glencoe school east of Woodanilling, about 24 miles from Wagin. Mr Wilcox Tost some 26 acres of standing wheat and a pile erf unwinnovved oats, estimated at about 75 bags, by a bushfire last Saturday on his farm at Woodanilling. . Twenty-seven more town lots at Nippering have been thrown open at fromi/io to £12 each. The whole of them are, however, available for selection as "Working Men's Blocks." At the last meeting of the Council Sergt. Buck complained of the action : of the poundkeeper in impounding his cow, stating it had been overdriven, and afterwards its release had been refused. Mr A. J. Chick having been appointed a Notary Public can now attest transfers and other documents for the Eastern States. This will be great convenience to local residents who have such documents to sign. The children's dance on Boxing Night passed off successfully, although the attendance was not up to the standard of such functions, but those who were present enjoyed themselves itn mensely. The adults took the floor later and a couple of pleasant hours were spent. In to-day's issue will be found full particulars ot a very important auction sale of Wagin properties to be conducted by Dalgety and Company, Ltd., in. conjunction with Messrs C- A. Piesse and Sons. Full particulars can be had on application to either of the auctioneers. Cr. Facey, who was unable to attend the last Council meeting on account of feeling unwell;, has since been removed to the Katanning hospital. It is understood Cr. Facey is suffering from typhoid - fever and is seriously ill, although we understand he was slightly better on going to press. Mr W. Jenkins, who has been managing for Messrs Wilkinson, Beatty and Simms, on their farm near the Night Well, met with a nasty accident last week, being struck by a falling tree. Mr Jenkins' face was bruised and his right shoulder and arm injured, and has had his injuries attended to in Wagin. The guessing competition conducted by Mr. J. Farreli of the Wagin News Agency, for the Xmas season, which closed on New Year's Eve, attracted the large number of 750 competitors. The number of peas in the bottle was found to be 2 2 75J a °d the result of the guessing was as follows:—Master Harry Bryan, 2260, 1st; Master Hugh Bryan, 2255, ?nd; Mr Frank R. Morris, Misses jane Govan, Regina Nekel, and Alicia Bryan tied for 3rd with 2250. Persistent coughs that continue through the spring and summer nsa&lly; indicate some throat and lung troudle. and it is a serious mistake to neglect them. Chamberlain's Cough Remedy is famous for its cures of coughs of this nature, and a few doses taken in time may save a doctor's Lili, and perhaps years of suffering. For sale by Drew, Bobinson and Co., Wagin. , I D O e h d Y e f o f s 