In view of the setting in of the sum mer season the State Government has seen fit to foreshadow some drastic steps to ensure the adoption of due precautions against bush-fires. Com plaints'have been made that many of the outbreaks which have occasioned terrible damage in the past have been started by “burning off” in the grazing districts for tlio purpose of securing for stock the fresh growth of grass which usually follows such ....conflagra tions. Tho Government has, with & determination to stop this practioe, de cided that all the new grazing licensee, which the Lands Department is now issuing shall contain a stringent con dition with regurd to it. Upon holders of grazing lands, under these now li censes, will bo thrown the onus of satis fying the department that they have not been responsible for fires occurring on their properties. At the same time the Premier has urged upon all occu piers of land the necessity for exercis ing all possible care, and the caution is opportune and important. The Bush .Tires Inquiry Board acquired a great deal of information as to such fires, their causes and the best means or preventing them, or, at the least, of* minimising their effects, and the timely adoption of the main recommendations of that body would be the means of averting enormous losses in Victoria. Upon the Bailway Commissioners de volves the duty of instructing their employes to burn off inflammable ma terial along the lines, and to keep a sharp look-out for the escape of sparks and embers from locomotive engines. In view of the occurrence every year of disastrous fires iu various parts of the State it is impossible to lay too great stress upon the . im portance of adopting every possible means of lessening the terrible risks to which country districts are thus exposed. Officers of the. Forestry Department have computed that “£1,000,000 in timber alone” is the loss which is on the average annually sus tained in Victoria by reason of hush fires. As to tlio total extent of the enormous damage thus occasioned in the State every year, not even an ap proximately accurate calculation can be made. It- is only when a whole country-side is swept by flames that the public imagination is-, impressed, and that some conception is formed of the apalling destruction of property oc casioned by a far-spreading fire. Each year a tale more or less distressing in its details is told of such terrible havoc: Yet the best means of protecting grass farms, inflammable bush, and homesteads against fire are, or ought to be, well understood now in evory part of the State. • Just as strips are burnt along the railway lines to prevent embers breaking into igni tion in dry herbage beside'the lines, so farmers and other landowners should recognise that they owe it to their neighbors and to themselves to havo the boundaries of their properties, as far as practicable, well marked by cleared or ploughed fire-break zone’s.. Nevertheless, it too often happens that rural residents, while well aware' of the enormous risks to themselves, and to others, which might bo averted if oc cupiers of laud adopted the most ele mentary safeguards against fire, cannot he induced to thoroughly and syste matically grapple with the danger until they are actually confronted with it on tho approach of a fire. Without con certed action and uniform measures it is impossible to check the ravages of these ruinous outbreaks. In some parts of the United'States of America cer tain officials arc appointed as fire war dens, whose duty consists in keeping a sharp watch in the public interest against the spread of grass and forest fires. If the herbage in any district should happen to be peculiarly liable to a conflagration the wardens bring into - compulsory operation certain general precautions, such as the clearing of protection zones and the organisation of local brigades to cope with such outbreaks as may occur. The laws of Victoria, of course, go some way toward (protection in this respect, hut no law, unless but tiessed by individual care and the general adoption of all possible (pre cautions,. can remove the dangers aris ing from public callousness. A strin gent law should draw little or no dis tinction between the wilful and the careless starting of a grass or hush fire, for tho ultimate result is the same. In tliis view magistrates can have little hesitation in dealing in a deterrent manner with persons whose negligence or wanton mischievousness has been responsible for outbreaks of fire. A note o.f warning- must also bo sounded at to the great danger of bush fires arising from the use of phosphorus compounds for poisoning rabbits. Evi dence has been available on' all sides that, notwithstanding tho exercise of Hie greatest care in mixing" these com pounds, some portions of the phos phorus remain undissolved, with the vesult- that fires aro occasioned by them. Nor is there any law to com pel users to mix the compound pro perly, so that a great deal of poison is laid every year in a highly dangerous condition. Greater care in this re spect, and also in the use of : wax matches in the summer months, would go a long way towards checking some of the most prolific causes of hush fires; whilst tho necessity for the or ganisation of busli fire brigades every where cannot bo too strongly enjoined. In this direction good examples have been set of lata years at Linton, Snake Valley, Beaufort, and other parts of this district. : Tho Bush Fires Board, which made enquiries and took evidence as to this matter, laid particular stress on. the necessity for this form, of organised effort,, and pointed out that brigades may be equipped at a moderate cost! Water carts to hold about 200 gallons, and with a force pump which either sprays _ or throws a jet of water a considerable dis- absolutely essential, as thelr grcatrvalue in suppressing fires or in .con nection with-the work of burning: breaks has been amply demonstrated—notably in' the case of a fire which broke out i' l tho Albury- district*; Now. South Wales. One settlor expressed the'"opinion that" rhat particular fire would have become; entirely beyond control and- swept -a -. largo area' of thatportion of Biverina but for tlio offoctive aid rendered by the briagdo pumps. ■ Human efforts un assisted by mechanical appliances can make very little headway in beating out a fire, but with a tank water can be plny od on places where a “beater” cannot go. The danger of bush fires is so recurrent and inevitable, and the possibilities of de vastation and loss are so great that bri gades should bo organised in every rural district which is liable to these disas trous visitations, while it is essential that due. effect should be given to the recom mendations of the Bush Fires Board with regard to checking and drastically punishing oarelessnoss, prohibiting the .vse of wax matches and phosphorus in summer, applying an effective Bpark ar rester to the railway locomotives, and generally compelling the adoption of every practicable precaution. 