"Burning Off" and BushFires Spring lias come, and summer will fol low. The first is tho period for "burn ing oil" ; the second is the period for hush fires. Our Socialist politicians have not yet directed their attention lo Ihe passing of laws for regulating "burnings off" in spring, or liability to bush fires in summer. Perhaps tlicy care for none of these tilings. They form the business of the hated capitalist. Some times a few individuals, other than hated capitalists, are .victims to miscon duct in tile matter of burning off the (lead grass of winter, and in tile matter of hush fires consuming the dry grass of .summer. But there is an urgent call that a competent authorilv should look after these, affairs. Report has it that a few dayo ago, somewhere up the northern coast, a sugarcane grower set about the work of burning off. The wind was favourable ; and so a neighbouring field of about a hundred acres qf cane was accidentally set afire, to the very great loss of somebody. Most likely it was insured for a part of its value. The season being a good one, in truth it 1ms been a record season, the cane of that large field, measuring a hundred acres, was abnormally heavy. Perhaps some of it will be saved ; it might be saved if it were possiblo at once to send it to the crushing mills. But the crushing mills are full up with current orders ; and so a great deal of that cano, saved from the fire, may perish, because it is not possiblo immediately to crush it. Can nothing be done by way of controlling these examples of burning off in spring 7 When such cases are examined, wo find that all too frequently tliey arc results of gross care lessness. Most accidents are of that class. To take an example, not connected with burning off, but illustrative of care lessness, see the accident whicli recently occurred in Sydney, whereby a warehouse was flooded. At the top of the building there was a lavatory ! Just leaving a tup running, and there was the result— the loss of goods valued at several thousands of pounds. Why was that lavatory placed where it might cause so much mischief by the mere accident of leaving a tap open 7 Seeing that the direction of so many of our pastoral holdings is located in the city, it should be a matter of concern to directors that griat care is taken by per sons engaged in burning off dead winter- grass. In and near a great many home steads, grass and undergrowth of trees arc left us if they never could lie a cause of danger. By and by the sun shines on a piece of glass, and ignites dry grass in its vicinity. Or a careless bushman throws down an unspent match. That is all to begin .with. Very soon, many square miles of dead grass are on fire. The fire ap proaches the homestead. It seizes on the fences ; it runs hither and thither like wild horses. It flames up to the , very buildiDjgs of the homestead frantic efforts are made to savo whatever may bo rescued. When nil is over, the man ager perceives how easily ho might have prevented damage fronT'-thc. conflagration, by clearing away the uriietgrowth, per haps by firing it off when wind and weather were favourable for tho ) work of destruction without any danger what ever. About the only excuse ever offered for noglect of these precautions, is in the words, "Wo never gave a thought to it." It is not at all to be expected that the present spring or tho coming summer will not bring us any of these mishaps. It therefore should bo someone's- business carefully to do whatever may be neces sary to prevent them. 