MR. ALBEBT DORRINGTON'S NOVEL. The last English mail brought us from th-5 publishers (Hutchinson and Co.), through George Robertson and Co., Sydney, a copy of Mr. Albert Dorrington's novel, 'And the Day Came.' Copies have also been sent us by Dymock's Circulating Library and the Sydney Book Club, with the information that the book is already in fair demand. When Mr. Dorring ton left Sydney last year to try his fortune in London he took with him, in addition to a large number of short stories, two complete novels respecting which he expressed very high hopes. It is one of these which is the subject of the present review. Its publication has been awaited with a good deal of interest by those who have admired the strong work of thiB writer in the short story page of the 'Sydney Mail' and in Beveral other journals, and that interest has been deepened by the knowledge that since his arrival in London his sketches and short stories of Australian life have found so much favour with English edi tors that he is obliged to work at high pres sure to execute all his commissions. If, how ever, we are to judge Mr. Dorrington by this book, it must be admitted that he supplies another example of the failure of one whose forte is short stories to blossom out suddenly into a successful novelist. It is nevertheless sufficiently promising to justify the belief that the author will yet do much better. May we express the hope that in his next book he will confine the story to Australia, the country he knows so well? His friends here had hoped that his first novel would be Australian hi the true sense of the term, but in that respect also they have been disappointed. 'And the Day Came' is a story which begins out west, is continued for a little while in Sydney, and is then carried on to its conclusion many years afterwards in England. Of 330 pages 100 re present the Australian interest, and they form immeasurably the strongest part of the tale. Prom the moment that the heroine sails from Sydney for England— indeed, from the moment the bush is left behind— the story drops to the level of the unconvincing. Thence on to its close it is no better than the work of hun dreds of writers who can never hope to attain beyond the stage of mediocrity, the only touch of originality being in connection with the death of the principal male character. Mr. Dorrington has not been happy in the construction of his plot. Who that knows this country will venture to deny that If bush life is at times grey and gloomy, it has also its bright side? Yet the latter is by no means such a popular subject with our writers as the former. Mr. Dorrington has chosen to depict the unlovely side, and it must be ad mitted that he has given us some remarkably realistic sketches of that particular phase of life in the Out Back — so realistic, indeed, as to create the belief that he will yet produce a powerful Australian novel. He has the rare gift of placing a scene vividly before ue in a few telling phrases— a power which might be envied him by much more experienced writ ers. This is how the story opens: — Out of the distant scrub came the clang of a cattle bell. Two black gins miawed in the tank ehadow. The hot, westerly wind drove the dust skyward, half Gcreening the sun, and falling ia thin showers over the iron-roofed homestead. Somewhere between sun and plain shimmered the Gastlercagh, with here and there a deserted wool-wash grilling in the white heat. An old cattle-pad flanked flic homestead's western boundary. The ever- present white ants bad exploited Hie bullock proof fences until they leaned drunkenly from side to side. 'The land was new, but it smelt of care and sorrow, and wind-whipped bush-fires. Bands of adven turous crows clung to the deserted ?wool-wash. The Nyngan-rcad ran eart end wert of the selection, bruised to powder by the hot-hoofs of the drought-driven over landers. The Hastings' homestead stood in the centre of a clearing; it was well-built, and plumb from roof to pile as though the hands of a giant had hammered and shaped it. Tanks and roof were coated with lime An acrid smell of burning scrub eeizea tne eyes and throat. From time to time a shower of salt-white ash blew acrOES the clearing. A voice ful of bitterness and revolt came from the homestead shadows. 'Norsh, what arc ve dreamin' about? D'ye hear the fires in the gaily?' Where's father?' An elderly woman came to the verandah and shouted her words across the clearing. She stood bare-beaded iu tiie sun glare, and the fierce light showed the merci less lines that ran like knife-cuts across her brown cheeks. Her lean fists were clenched like a pugilist's. Heat and flies enveloped her. 'Where's fattier, yc hussy?' 'Fighting the fire; where else would he be?' A girl standing at the paddock end spoke, with her eyes fixed on the giant smoke columns writhing between the dis tant hay stacks. The elderly woman vanished indoons, and the two gins in the (ask shade chuckled mockingly. Norah was the daughter of John Hastings and his half-crazy wife. The selector is a sturdy specimen of the English yeoman type, aud the only pleasing bush character Mr. Dor rington has introduced into his story. The girl was beautiful and imaginative, tired ot the monotonous bush life, and longing for the city. She could not bear to think of drag ging through the coming years 'unheard of, unseen by men, shut in by millions of acres of scrub and plain, by drought and silence, her mind ever crying for intellectual com radeship.' One day there came into her life Manton Belstrade, a wealthy young English man, who immediately marked her as another addition to his already long list of victims. He induced the girl to elope with him to Syd ney; but in about a month he disappeared, leaving a note In which he stated that his solicitors would provide her with £100 and advised her, now that she had really tasted life, to return to her bush home. Norah followed him to England, only to find that he had again disappeared; but on making herself known to his brother, Lord Belstrade, she was provided with a home on condition that she sent her child away. Through a railway accident all trace of tie boy was lost. Twenty two rears pniwt In the meantime Bel strade succeeded to the title, and, after his long exile, returned home a physical wreck. He had embraced religion, and now sought to wipe out from his memory the horrible ex cesses which had always characterised his life. He had actually forgotten ail about Norah, until he learned that she was living on the estate* Finding that a son had heen born to him, and that there was no definite proof of the boy's death, he engaged detec tives to work up the inquiry, with the result that he was eventually informed that the youth was alive, but his identity could not yet be disclosed. Then, 'for the boy's sake, Belstrade induced Norah to agree to marry him. Their own son (though they did not know it) was about to officiate at the cere mony, when the elderly priest who had. been his guardian ever since he was rescued from the train a mere infant, and who had learned the facts, arrived Sn time to relieve him of the duty. Lord Belstrade (an impossible creature) did not live to know his son after all, for, as he was leaving the deathbed of one of his innumerable victims, he was fol lowed along the sea shore by an Italian fisher man who had loved her and vowed vengeance on her betrayer. The vow was fulfilled, for, casting his net over Belstrade's head and shoulders, he flung him bodily at the white wall of the Inrolling surf, and two days after wards his corpse was recovered. The story ends with the meeting, in Belstrade Hall, ol mother and son. 