? T f e e f P r e t P r i z e T a l e : B e l g u i x i f e r . -(Continued.) CHAPTER XII. BREAKING OF THEDROUGHT, "li ever you marry, Dorothy, never choose a man' with a home in the ''j)oi'othy Desmond raised her eyea from Iioi- book, surprise on her grav« '""l know that the coach must be in hours ago. I'm longing lor new l )0oUs iind papers, and yet. there is nut a man to send for the mail," the petulant- voice went op; "nothing t„ || (I hut to lie here and be slowly masted to death! . Oh, how I hate it i \\\e were horribly poor in Sydnev, Dorothy, before I married, bjut even so, it was life; this is only an existence." "Oh, Kitty, you should not speak like thai: T think it is wicked. You iire one of the luckiest girls I know, (inly you do not realise your good fortune. Your husband is a man that ;U1V uife should-be proud of, even if lie is years older that you; and you ought to be hlappy here, but you don't try to interest yourself in station life lately,. Kitty," Dorothy's ..enlle voice answered tor. "Forgive me if I speak plainly, dear, but \vh<en I think of your husband, and all he lias fione through lately with the drought. and the stock dying by hundreds, T feel so sorry for him, and I know that It hurts him to sec you discontented." "Why doesn't he let the station, ami go and live in Sydney, then ? He could easily do it,. I never dreamed Hiat 1 should" have to live on year aftei year in this dreary place." "I wonder how they are getting on at the bush fire?" Dorothy said. "It's awful to think of it being so near. I suppose that is what is making the beat so very much worse than usual to-day." On the wide verandah of the lowliiiilt, old-fashioned homestead, Mrs 51 ark Mason lay idly swinging in a low hammock, a pile of crimson cushions lieneath her fair head. One might easily have imagined her a spoilt child as she lay there. Sl^c was wonderfully young-looking for her twenty-three years, with a fragile look about her fair face and slight form. Three years ago Mark Mason had surprised' his friends and neighbours by bringing her home from Sydney, his bride ; Over twenty years iiis junior, frivolous, pleasureloving, with a heart .as yet una wakened to the high destinies of life, she was a strange choice for Mark Ma son, ihey said. But be idolised her, and treated her much as he might have treated a wayward child. Nothing that money could buy was everdenied her, and yet a frown of discontent deepened daily on her childish face. Her friend, Dorothy Desmond. sat on a low. • chair by hci side. She looked years older than Mrs. Mason—tall and dark, with the shadow of a past sorrow iji her eyes. They had been friends for many years, and Mrs. Mason insisted on Moroihy spending long holidays with her occasionally at the station. The summer' was • drawing to an find. It, had been a particularly long, hot one. Each day for months the earth had grown drier; each, day the water supply had -grown, less, and still there fell mo rain.. The sun had jjone down for. months like a ball of in the sn*oky sky,- and had risen again, still the same angry hue, to begin another day hotter than the last. Hut it seemed as ,if a climax was at hand. For days and days the air had been thick' and stifling with smoke, and a crimson glare had lit "P the sky at liighjt. «Just at daybreak a man had galloped in from one of the out stations, his horse hard ridden, to tell Mark Mason that the tire was in Mr, Ilermott's paddock, adjoining^ his property, ten miles away. - flip wind rises,'/ he said, "God he^p-rtiiB i'V ' v Then Ui^l^^/Jmia^ij^^. man on the station, /leaving only old P e ''' ^e men's cook, in charge Rilent , y the L ^ r^ir 1 ' lit'tle oand had ridden out int^ the murky dawn to fight the fire fiend ' For a long time there was silence between the friends. Dorothy looked away to where the smoke clouds curled and the red glare in the sk v grew deeper. It was evident that some change was at hand, for faint mutterings of thunder sounded, clouds were gathering in the sky and there was a strange calm over everything. On the hot, still air came the lowing of cattle, as the thirsty animals made their way from the out stations, where the dams were dry for days past. Nature had failed them, and they turned to man —man powerless to relieve their sufferings. Yesterday morning nt daybreak the first sound of their bellow- .ing had reached (the homestead— a faint and faraway sound—but as the hours passed, and the animals drew nearer, it grew in volume, and blotted out everything else. At times it. seemed to Mark Mason that there was nothing in the world outside that circle of hundreds of thirsty animals, whose bellowing was so full of anguish that it was almost a moan. "Here is Mr. Mason at. last," Dorothy said suddenly. "Oh. Kittv. how tired he looks !" Mark walked across from the stables where he had left his horse. He was a handsome man, but the awful anxiety of the months of drought that he had passed through had Iqft its inarki upon him, and he looked older by ten years than he had ere the summer began. To-day his face was blistered and brown, for he had taken his place 'with thp men at the fire, and worked for hours' at a time. He walked wearily up Unstops, said a few kind words of greeting, then sank into an easy chair, and seemed for a while too exhausted to speak. Kitty leant upon her elbow. "Arc you very tired, Mark ?" she asked. "Tired, Kitty ?" he answered. "T am more than tired, dear. J am worn out, body and mind. I have lived forty- seven years on this station, and I never remember to have passed through such a day as today. T feel proud of my men. They have worked like heroes, Miss Desmond; worked till they fell, exhausted, with the flames licking round them. After all, you can't beat Australian bushmen when pluck and endurance are wanted," he said, with a touch of pride in his tired voice: "they would make grand soldiers, if it came to fighting for their country." The plaintive bellowing of the cattle, which had been stilled for a little while, rose and filled the air ngfein. Mark got up from his chair and commenced to pace the verandah. "My Ood !" he said, "that sound is breaking my heart, driving me mad. One can understand such visitations falling on man, but it is awful to see those poor dumb beasts suffer." Kittv was not listening. "Can't. Rill Pell go down for 1ho mail ? T do want something to read," she said fretfully; "and I want to send an answer to the Maddisons about the ball. Cannot we manage to go, Mark ?" Mark stood still and looked at his wife and his voice was sterner than he had ever used to her before. "Child," he said, "you do not know, you do not realise what you are 'saving How can you think of Idle enjovment and pleasure with the moan of' tWose starving animals in vour ears ? Oh, I have not slept for nights for thinking of tljem, for thinking of the bush-fire sweeping awav thfe homes of farmers and settlers—homes built up by years of Sand hardship. A wall orflame,'' he went on passionately, that a change of wind would bring sweepingoVer us, destroying everything m ts path, even the homestead .itself. ut thjere," he said, his voice softenng as he tooki his wife's white hands caressingly, "I should* never speak ngrily to you, no matter what worries I have". It is'6. trying time;-for us all, dear; and : If you will he good, and not fret, T will take you for a month's holiday Sydney when it is all over. And now I must go back to the fire; I cannot rest away from it. They had got it pretty well under when I left, but the danger is as great, as ever, unless,'? he -Said longingly, as he scanned the sky, /'those clouds mean rain at last." Hill Pell led a -fresh horse out of the stables, and opened the gate for Mark to ride through. Ho was an old and valued servant, and he tried in vain to persuade "him not* to go back to the fire again. "Humph !," he muttered crossly as he walked back t-i the stables, "like enough the boss" ll have a fit or. apoplexy 'fore mornin'. Man of his age knocking hisself about the way he do." As he rode away, JMark Mason heard the clatter of a horse's hoofs coming galloping across the home paddock. He waited for the messenger. It, was Billy the jockey, his slight figure bent in the saddle as ho urged the foam-flecked horse along. He pulled up as he came to where Mark was waiting. "The wind has changed, and the fire is getting away from them," he cried. "I'm oft' to Wandaroo - for more men." Ho turned in his saddle, and his voice was appealing— "For Ood's sakf, boss, don't go back again. You've done enough today. and you don't know what's ahead of you yet," but Mark only shool-i his head. "I must. Hilly," he said: "I must." The long, hot hours dragged on, and it. was sunset. Dorothy had gone inside to prepare cool drinks for the men when tliey would return. and. tired out by the awful heat, and the weariness of doing nothing, Kittv had fallen asleep in the hammock. A man walked up the long white drive to the house—a man young and handsome, but- with a cynical, evil look in his dark ryes that people mistrusted. Tn spite of the fact that bis clothes were shabby, they were -smartly cut, and h<* had evidently dressed with care. He carried his bat in his hand as hr walked up the drive, and looked about, hiin, regarding the platr with the eyes of a stranger. "Heavens !" he said, wiping his hot. face, "if this is a sample of country weather, I don't want, much of it. The cursed country; T hate it." A scowl disfigured his face. "If it wasn't for the beastly run of luck I've had lately, 1 wouldn't be wasting my time here, but, after the knocking ahiout T've had, T ought to be glad of a rest for a while, T suppose. Tt looks like a deserted castle." he said with n laugh, as he stood on the verandah and looked about. "And, by Jovo ! hero's the sleeping beauty, too. Tie walked quietly to the hammock and looked down at. Kitty, and his eyes brightened, for the sight of n pretty fa.cr was always a delight to Harry Deane. Indeed, pretty faces had been his ruin, he would have fold you. "A regular little beauty," he said; "1 am in luck's way after all if this happens to be one of the daughters. 1 wonder what T ouyht to do?" The storm which for -hours past, had been rolling and muttering in the distance drew nearer as the_ darkness fell. -lust as Harry Deane stepped backi from the hammock wondering, a few big drops of rain fell, a vivid flash of lightning swept across the darkening sky, antd a roar of thunder so terrific, burst upon the world that it shook the old house, making the windows rattle. With a cry of fear Kitty sprang out of the hammock, terror in her big eyes, not realising for- a moment where she was. Harry Deane sprang to her side, and clapped her outstretched hands. "What was that?" she gasped, "the fire, the cattle?" Then lh|e fear passed from her eves as she looked, on the familiar surroundings. "Oh, T had ah awful dream," she said, and drew her hands away quickly. "I beg your pardon," Barry said in a voice that had a charm about it, ; "Isut T saw that you were frightened," l ' Half dreaming stillT Kitty laughed, and felt ashamed of her fears. There was a Jittle .awkward silence. , "Did you come to -see Mr. - Ma- "Yes; I think he expected me toay. I am the secretary and bookeeper that he . engaged from 8ydey." ' • "Oh," Jtitty answered, "of course e expected you, hut we had forgotten; It has been such an awful do;y with the fife. I am Mrs. Mason, and my hjusband will soon he here." She walked: to the edge of the verandah and held her hands out in the rain that was now falling in torrents. The darkness hid the smile that crossed the secretary's face. "My luck again," he said to himself as he followed Mrs. Mason into the house. Out at the hack station when the storm burst, and the rain fell in torrents, the fire- fiend—just on the point of gaining a victory over the weary men who had fought it since the dawn—was vanquished. Every now and then little jets of flame burst into life' again, as though in defiance of the rain, but-they, too, were beaten out, and soon only smouldering logs and trees, and a blackness of earth marked where the grim monarch had raged. The men threw down the branches and beaters that they had used all day. Some of them sank to the ground almost too exhausted to speak, heedless of the rain that drenched them to the skin. Mark Mason turned to them. "God bless you," he said, "for the work that yo'u have done to-day. You have proved yourselves Mien worthy of the land you live in, true-born Australians." One man took off his hat. He was a brawny, huge-limbed woodcutter, and he stood, a magnificent specimen of manhood, with his shirt sleeves rolled up. leaving his muscular aims bare to the shoulder. "Thank you, boss," ho said; "yes, that's what we say, too, 'Australia every time,' and the men who were near backed up hla words with a cheer. Then Mark turned and walked away to the fencc where his horBe was tied. He staggered a little as he went, and, when he reached the slip-rails, leant his head upon his ftrms, and his broad shoulders shook, while the tears made furrows down his blnckened face. "Thank God ! Thank God !" he said. "I could not have stood it another week, and kept my reaRon." One by one the men walked stiffly jiway to where their horses were tied, and made ready for home, no words upon their Hps, no thought In their hearts of the brave work that would never be recorded in the world's history of brave deeds, that they had done that day. "Gran' rain," they said again ami again to one another as they rode quietly home. When the storm burst, and the rain fell, the moaning rf the cattle ceased in the home paddock, and they, stood shivering, drenched* and hungry. Three days of extreme cold followed, then the legs of the weaker ones gave way, and they sank down on tho wet earth, with their heads stretched out along the ground, their mild • eyes turned skywards, the rain beating mercilessly upon them as they lny— nnd so in hundreds they died. (To be continued.) 