Essay Competition 0»n " An Australian Bush Fire" . Through the practical generosity of an esteemed correspondent, we re ceived a large. budget of letters on the above subject for which he has kindly donated a prize, — book, value five shillings— to the school child Who wrote the best essay.- After reading the essays we decided that the best essay (was that written by Miss Marie Lloyd, of the Convent School, Greenbushes, and the second by Evelyn Hall, of the same school. We question, however, the originality of the f rst and for that reason we have placed it second. Others worthy of special mention are those written by Lily Sayers, and Leonie B. Layman, both of the Con vent School, Bridgetown. Generally speaking the essays .were decent --at tempts of young minds ito describe the great summer scourge of Aus tralia. We suggested that other correspon dents would do as the author of this competition has done for. the amuse ment and advantage of the school children, but so far -without "result. s We print the two first essays, in order of . merit, and will have the prize duly remitted to the successful candidate. ESSAY I. (By Evelyn Hall). The long, Australian Summer has many advantages and, disadvantages, amongst the latter, the bush fire must be mentioned as our farmers' most relentless foe, and our coun try's greatest curse. During the six months of summer, the grass and scrub are so parched by the hot sun, that they are very easily set on lire. These fires are very dangerous on ac count of their spreading so quickly. There are many ways in which they are caused ; some of them are through the carelessness of some men throwing down matches, as they tra vel through the bush, or lighting .small fires here and there, and leav- . ing them burning, or even from the sun s rays sninmg oottqueiy on pieces of glass or tin. When the grass takes fire, the mighty . sheets of flame spread on and- on, until they set (ire to the shrubs, and then it curls round the sterna of trees, until the roaring -flames are hurled to the ! tops of the trees. It then creeps from tree-top' to tree-top, until it reaches and destroys home-steads and < property. "A stich in time . saves nine," should be. the farmer 's motto, —for, if 1 proper precautions were tak en, — eueh as mowing a strip, or ploughing a break around the home stead, and burning the dry grass in side this area, — much of the misery and destruction caused by bush-fires, would be prev©nted. " Prevention is better than cure." this truth is brought home- to the farmers, when they have fruitl:<ssly tried through blinding smoke and intense heat to beat back the fire with green boughs. Almost suffocated and scorched they wearily lay down their arms and watch their merciless fcfe sweeping away all their possessions. Our Australian poet Henry Lawson, .thus describes the bush-fire : " One Christmas time, when months of drought Had parched the western creeks. The bush-fires staffed in the north And travelled south for weeks. At night along the river-side The scene was grand and strange The hill-fires looked lite lighted streets Of cities in the ran -3. It leapt across, the H j. v. ng streams, And raced o'er pastures broad : . It VllmSed the tree's and lit the boughs And,- through,. .the'. scrib it roared." ESSAY II. (By Marie Lloyd.O An Australian bush fire is a terri: ble sight, carrying destruction and often death in its course. Who, that I has seen the full fury of the fire fiend, let loose amidst the dry. grass of Australia, can ever forget the weird spectacle. Huge pastoral tracts, ex cellent fields of corn, nice fences, well-filled barns, lovely orchards, and snug homesteads of the struggling pioneer farmjer, or. well-to-do squat ter, laid' low by its. devastating in fluence ! , . The poor man, bereft of his all ; the rich, suddenly brought lower than the very tramp on ' the road, desti tute, and homeless, and all tecause of some careless act . of a passing traveller heedlessly casting aside a lighted match to the ground, or lea ving the Are by which he had boiled his "billy" unguarded, or again, the chance piece of glass reflecting the. siyi's rays on some dry grass, ' or herbage, unconscious of the d&stiny; it must carry to many worthy and in- nocent beings. . The causes these fires are many, but al", may b.e .fined down to the one general plane of human carelessness. This should be a caution to travel lers to exercise every care in the ig niting of the camp fire, the lighting of his' pipe, or dropping the fateful. . match. . History's pages tell of many scenes of terror, bloodshed, and woe, but | looming forward conspicuously is the date of the 6th February, 1851 tell ing the tale of Victoria's grief, — a fire, carrying "with it so much devas tation, and doom, that the annals express it in ominous words, "Black Thursday." The bush- fire, looked upon from a safe distance presents a magnificent spectacle reminding one of a fierce bat tlefield ; but oh! its awful effects, .who. can state the end ; or portray the grief, . and sorrow its brilliance is causing to friend and foe, who are banded to gether, struggling to stay, its on ward course, and save their homes, their children-, stock and pastures. J Personal bickerings, and animosities I are Cast aside, and hand to hand, neighbours, men. women, and child- 1 ren, fight the battle of their lives ; to save their all from ruin, and themselves from destruction. 