Lcichliardt Rabbit Bo;»id. . A meeting of the ILeichbardt Rabbit ' Board was held at Roma on Thursday! 2nd Septembfer.. , j . Preseiit—Messrs. R. C. Lethbridge ! {chairman}, Hon. Jatnes Lalor, M.L.C., ( Hon. W. Villers Brown, M.L.C., A. R. j Scott, E. J. Richardson, M. Macdonald, j J. C Moore, F. A. Deshon, and j. S. I Avery (Government Inspector.) The minutes were read and confirmed and the correspondence read and re ceived. It was decided that Mr. McCorkle's application for rabbit netting be en dorsed and recommended by the hoard. It was decided that Mr. G. Smith be informed that the board cannot recom mend that netting be supplied for any subdivision fences, but that if lie makes application for netting of the external boundaries of his holding the board would give it favorable consideration. The board agreed to take over Ray's pofeop cart from the Maranoa Rabbit Board, and a letter is to be written4 to the Maranoa board accordingly. ' -It was decided that a letter be written to Mr. M. J. Lynagh, stating that the board would erect ^netting on the fence recentlV erected by Him on his alleged western boundary on .the understanding that he agrees to fence the true boun dary and remove the netting to the board's satisfaction if it should appear that liis present fence is hot on the triie boundary. On the motion of Messrs. Brown and Lalor, it was agrfeed that a letter be j written to Mr. P. J. Lynagb, stating that the fence referred to in his letter of the i 19th August is the sole property of the i board, and that the board does not make any claim oh the adjoining -owner for half the cbst of same. . ; The clerk was instructed to write the, Murilla Shire Council stating that the board would be compelled to object to any application for. a gate at the place mentioned in the Shire clerk's letter of 7th July, as gates in corners of fences are always /objectionable, ind suggest ing that the Snire Council apply to'the Railway department for a level crossing over the railway line at a pTace east of the spot mentioned by the Shite Coun cil. INSPECTOR'S REPORT. The report of the inspector (Mr. B. T. Harris) was read as follows "Midwinter conditions, with /more than the average rainfall, havfe been the prevailinjg features of the weather,, and the outlook now for a good spring bears a very bright aspect. " I am glad to. be able to again re-r port a decrease in the number of rab bits showing in the immediate vicinity of your boundaries; scattered traces are, However, to be foundover the larger part of the country that is Embraced within the boundaries of your, lately acquired deStruction area, £hd, although they appear to be more scattered, in no one place can they be found so numerous as they were two years ago. I am still, however,-of the opinion that it is the " poison cart" that is the prime factor in this "decrease, for go where you j tnay on this country the tracks of the carts, and evidence of where poison has beeti laid, and trapsset, are to be found. " The past two months has been'some- j what hard on the horses in the poison j -carts, and althbugh the winter has been a good one, they in common with all j working horses at this time of the year are pretty weak. ! "D. O'Sulli^an has worked West- j cott's, Lethbridge's, and Dobbin's pad- i docks, also round the Mitchell devia tion, and as far wesi as Amboola. He got 14 Scalps in July, but dhring the last month he was for . a considerable time; assisting me in locating the boundaries of the buffer area. Since then he has | been working about Womalilla and is j still employed there. Geo. Ross asked for and obtained leave of absence Tor a ! week. He has worked^longthe railway j line from Amboola to Mungallala, with j the result of 11 scalps. John Young has worked Baunach's, Howell's, and Ander son's paddocks; also along the railway line about Amby, and down the Amby Downs fence to the Gumholes. At present he is employed on Barnes country near the Amby junction, and he has found 46 scalps while so em ployed. H. Waldron I have still work ing; in company with the Maranoa Board's cart. They have done particu larly good work on the Toomoo boun dary, and have worked Cameron's creek, Armadilla creek, along the Boat man road, Hillgrove, Meredith's pad dock, and Davis's selection, with 52 scalps to show as- a result Reviewing the work of these men as a whole, and the large scope of country gone over, I must consider it as very satisfactory, " There have been no rabbits found inside of your fences during the time, now dealt with, byt three reports from three widely separated places of rabbits,: or their traces, having been seen, have reached me. The first came from Dulbydilla, where Mr. Proven, who is an inspector in the railway service, re ports having seen rabbit droppings near the railway line; A close search of the spot, as he described it to me, has been made, but so far no sign of traces has been found. I have arranged for Mr. Proven to be met at DulbydUla the first time that he is in that locality, that: he may be able to point out the exact place. The next in order I got by wire from our secretary, which was to the effect that Mr. Burnett, ,the manager of Mount Hutton, had informed the chair, man that three rabbits had been killed' on Glentulloch some weeks ago. On receipt' of this disquieting news, I immediately sent overseer Read to Glentulloch with instructions to investi gate the report. Read was very kindly received and assisted in the, search that be made of the county by Mr, Johnson, who is part owner of the property and is responsible for the report. Mr. Johnson's statement to Read is : -''That it is it months since he found these 3 rabbits, and that they were bucks; that he had never , seen traces of rabbits : there before, nor since that time, and it was not on Glentulloch that they were found, but on1 ;country outside, and expresses the opinion that they were driven there by bushfires." Read made s careful search of the place and its surroundings, and- is quite convinced that whatever may have been there a year ago; there are certainly no rabbits there now. ;.The other report is from boundary-rider O'Neill, at Chinchilla, who has found the traces of one on the north side of the fence near Briaglow. Read is now down there, and he writes me under date a8th.ulto, that be is quite confident that he will be able to trap it as soon as the ground is sufficiently dry. Read-..thinks that it. must have got through the fence while the improve ments were being made there a fgw months ago. Readadvises me since that ft* faw tbisrrtbU and is of the opinion that it Was put oyer the fence. ; ; ^ " On t&e; western fence, 110 fcffitber tracks haVe been brought to light than those nbticed in my previous repbrt, viz, those sbbSvirig oh the Hillside boundary, ; on tbfe Hbgatithulla run; nothing has been m&de; of these sofas-, and the rabbit appears to have shifted; To the east cf Roma the country is apparently clear, excepting the case at Brigalow already noticed. " It was thought advisable by the chairman, after meeting Mr. Brodie (the Manager of Bonus Downs), inMitchell . soon after your last meeting, that I should go to Brisbane and interview the Undfer Secretary for Lands and back iip your application for the inch mesh nettihg required for the amended southern boundary. By the authority of the chairman this. I did, and I am pleased to say that tfte interview was attended with very satisfactory results, for I have now this nettitig in "Mitchell, the contract ltet for its conveyance on to the line, with a-part of it on the rbad. This parcel of netting , consists of 50. miles, which will leave about id miles-— after the Bonus Downs fence has been covered—that will be available for the two point to. point fences, that I have your authority to erect, to complete the boundary; these/will aggregate some where about 25 miles, so that another 15 miles of similar netting will be needed ifl their construction and as I hope to.' have one, or perhaps both of these lines in hand before your next meetings,, 1 would ask that the necessary requisition be made for this amount. . " I have carefully gone over the route that these lines will follow.: Tfife eaSferji line, of that between the. Amby Downs fence and the north-east corner; 'of- ! Annievale, will, if taken direct apd with out cutting boundaries, entail two ba<3 \ crossings; viz., the Maranoa RiVet and the Amby' Creek., The Amby Creek crossing, however, can be avoided "by my cutting off some to or 15 -acres of country..held by Mr. John Barnes as a grazing homestead, the boundaries of which, by the map, follow' the bed of the creek. I have seen Mr. Barnes and given him due. notice to fence his boundaries* and he has decided that the board do the work, and has proposed that if the board will forego its claim oh him for the cost of fencing his boundary (about miles) be will be agrfeeable for me to run the fence on the west side of the creek, joining the Amby Downs fence at the cortier, thus avoiding a rather bad crossing. This I take is a matter for your consideration, but I am inclined tb:advise tlie acceptance rif-Mr. Barnes' offer. The balance; of this section will follow., the northern boun daries of portions Nos. 33, 34, 35, and 36, also of a Camping -Reserve' that has recently been surveyed, and is known as "The Mitchell Downs Group"; there is to be a 10 chain road on this line, and if any claim for fencing is to be made € suppose it must be left open until: such time as the country is occupied. The length of this section will be about 10J milesih length. The western section, or that between Tiillundunna and the piarunda fence, will be about 15 miles in length, about 12 miles of which is fenced. This fehce, however, I am unable to recommend your board to take over, as it is a much too old and poor a fence to justify netting being fixed on it, even if repaired, and would strongly advise a new fence for the whole of this part, and that the lessees of Mungulla be advised accordingly. " Oh account of the-jm^of water, on tiie Alpha to Birkhea^SSk I have been unable to get_2i^iSiniie netting moved from that place on to the line. I am, however, in treaty with carriers to get it shifted as soon as the road is open for tcaffic. " So far, I have beeh unable tb let the contract for the erection of the eighth section of the-western fence, the iafck of water 'just at preseht on the line de terring contractors. I however antici pate shortly, to have two offers made me, each from competent men, and from what I know of them I am hopeful that cine of these offers will be accept able. I have copy of a letter from the clerk of the, Murilla Shire Council, sent me by our secretary, requesting'that a . gate be p,ut in ypur fence on. the devia-' tion at Miles; As the situation' of this gate, if granted, would be in a corner, I am unable to recommend this.- I, how ever, would suggest that the shire council be advised to approach the Railway '.department with a view of getting a level'crosslng at a point about a mile east of the - spot they selected for this gate. If this were done it would meet the requirements of any traffic that is likely to grow to the south and east; of your fence much bette'r. I hatfe also a letter from the Maranoa Rabbit Boa^d, kindly offering the use of their, carts at present working on your cohntry in the buffer area. I would suggest that this offer be accepted, so farads one of them is1 concerned, viz., Rate's, until, such tuheas,the buffer area is enclosed. I would like1 an expression of- yOur opinion as to altering the present speci fication for fencing of the board's in re gard to the size of the wires used. I have a sample of white wire (which I submit) sent me by tD. McNaughton and -Co, a 12^ guage, which I think could be with advantage substituted for at least three of the No.. 8 black -wiires at present forming a condition1 in . your specification. Should you be agreeable :to adopt this, a considerable saving in cost would be effected without impair* ihg the character of the fence. " With regard to, Mr. Lynagh's letter asking information with regard to im provements on hi,s land at Miles, I have seen Mr. Lynagh on this matter, and he tells me that he holds this , land as an agricultural farm, and that he has fenced on the true boundaries. The Lands department, however, wrote me sometime back, and gave notice that the rabbit fence on this deviation must be moved further south, and according; to the trafcing I have Mr. Lynagh has; enclosed several acres other than he is entitled to. I submit a. drawing show- - ing the position. " I would ask your sanction for leave< tq erept a small building at Mitchell jin: which to do the board's businessj alsb to purchase two buggy horses,and';to paint the boundary-rider's cottage at Mungallala. " I can report your fences as -having been well maintained dnrinethe time above dealt with, and in good order." . The suggestion of the inspector {Mr.' 'Harris) with reference to a'deviation in the line of fence through' J. Barnfes* property was adopted. '■ On the motion of Messrs. $chan)&on; and Scott, the bo^ ^order^ and directed that the. leasees of Mungulla holding erect a_ good >ah<l. substantial fencie on the entire southern boundary on MungaUa holdi^, . capable of sup porting - aecordaoc* with'the provifeions of section &4 of the Rabbit Boards Act of'1896. The board's 5p|ec1l^tiODs1foE;io^SQ^ were amended so as 1»" admit of basing xn\ guage gaJvanisedwireas weUaSflfo, 8 black wire. The inspector ; -was :«mpowered tp' erect an office at JJitcltiell at his bimf^. expebse, and the board agrefcd to pay :. f' rent on it at 5s. per weekfriam the date^;?v-: ofcompletion. , .-.m Mr. Moore moved, and Mr MacjionaldV seconded, that as from 1st July life in-; spectbr be allowed an extra-sum of ffSO ' per annuin.to cover travelling expenses' ' and otitlky fer horses and IplaptV amendment,was moved by .Mr. .Scott, and seconded by Mr. Richardson, thit Mr. Harris be paid £20 for extfa. ser-. vices rendered in the past, and that he • be allowed £25 per annum to cover travelling expensesahd outlay for horses and_plant. The voting nfrfes^is follows : —For the amendment: Mes&rs.; Scott, Richardson, and Lalor; for the motion. Messrs. Moore,. Macdoriald,' 'Brown, Deshon, knd Avery. The motion was consequently declared carried. The inspector was authorised to have the cottage at 'Mungallala painted as^ recommended in his report. It was decided that application be iflade for 15 miles of; combination . netting for the buffet fence. Accounts amounting to £350 8s. 5d. Y were passed for payment.-1; Leave of absence iraifi ~ihe riieetirig' was granted to Mr. J. A. Browne. ' . The next meeting was fixed for 4th November. , •. .» 