' , ON THE SOUTH COAST. DAIRY HERDS DECIMATED. ' HOMESTEADS SAVED WITH r.':/ j DIFFICULTY. ' j. \- ALBION PARK, Wednesday.— Tho bush, fires which have caused so much devastation were , . . still raging last night. The -hills around tbo; \- vicinity presented a. ruinous "spectacle." Burn ing timber could be seen on all tho bills around. The oriuln of the tire te tint lrnntvn 1i.it It itttia- ' . L stated to-day that it started under tho mountain about 10 o'clock, nnd within four hours had ' - spread to within a mile of Albion Park, a ( V distance of about eight miles. A fierce westerly wind waa blowing, nnd the fiames of flro nnd burning- debris wore flying through tho air for a Btretch of a mile. In many Instances dairy ' fawners' had to stand by their homes, In ease tho , 1 fire should reach them, nnd they could not assist In cheeking tho flames In the paddocks. Allies \- of dairying country have been burned, and it v is estimated that fully 15U0 head of dairy "cattle .are now without food, and will have to \- v bo" taken away to other parts. This will havo , i a very marked effect on the city milk supply. The worst news comes from Tongarra, where ..'the fire originated, .-dairymen thero had very thrilling experiences in fighting tho flro. All the country side was out, euch trying his utmost to get tho flames under control. Ton- : v" ' garre House, occupied' by Mr. H. G. Fraser, 'i!/ ;? secretary of' the 'Albion Park A.H. Association, together with out-buildings, -. hay. stacks, and fences wero burnt completely. It was only with r-?' the greatest difficulty that a small quantity of furniture was saved. Mr. Fraser was away from home, and seeing the hills at the back of his residence on fire, returned with all haste, % /, ' but only to -find the fiames uncontrollable. Several of bis dairy cows cannot be found. It j j; , is thought' tboy have been burnt alive, while othors are severely burnt about the udders and ",Z> -' singed. It haB been stated that Mr. Fraser's house Is Insured for £250, but that amount will L not nearly cover the damage done. Mr. David Rutledge's home was burned eom- " " pletely, Including tho furniture,, bo and his i'i' - ' family only escaping in the clothes they were .wearing. Mr.-Alurray Brownlee's home was also gutted, with all out-bulldings and hay stacks, ' and Mr. Georgo Flltcroft was rendered home s'.:'- ' less. Within 10 minutes after tho outbrenk of the' flro Air. Pearson's balls, hay sheds, nnd all other farm buildings were burned, and it , ,-was with groat difficulty that tho flro was ' prevented from attacking his home. At Mr. . ' / Rogan's, a number of outbuildings were dos- troyod, together with a number of fowls and '. geese. At Mr. F. Timms", Alarshall Mount, all tho buildings with the exception of the houso ,-were burned. Tbo" cooling-room nnd milking ' bails word destroyed, while pigs, fowjs, geese, '' etc. were burned alive. . Tbo furnituro was ro- moved from tbe bouse. It is said tbat the beat -was so severe tbat the bandies molted off tho knives and forks, which were left lying on tho '"- . ground. Largo numbers of cattle and' horses 1 ' all through the burning parts were more or less singed, and could bo . seen racing through the i : burning tlmbor, bellowing as If they woro mad. Several could not get nwny from tho paddocks, 't.K < and were -burned alive, while others wero badly burnod'and will have to bo destroyed. A number U ,woro seen tills morning with all the hair burn- "Y!." '. ed off thorn, nnd their heads swelled twlco tbo .'original size. .At Tongnny, It Is stated, fully 'A'.-.- 300 head of dairy cows hove been turned on tho 1\. road, there being no otber placo where they "'iK;"vcould go, < ' , .'At. Yellow Rook more thrilling and anxious ' moments wero experienced. Tbo house occu- i.ri'V Pied by Mr. S. Clarke la reported to havo caught v'-,' -fire -twice, but -each time, tho flames woro got ' V- . under and tho houso saved. A number of out- . '.' buildings were burned, also haystacks and miles V:' of fencing. One ball of fire, flying through the \- , air with the aid of the groat westerly wind, set lire to a very largo haystack of Air. Timms, and in two- minutes the whole stack was ono f " mass of ashes. In a thickly-timbered run, where sumo young horses have been grazing, tho trees .were burning to tho tops. Tho horses wore ! shut in and could not be got out. Burning limbs wero falling around them, Sand It is feared thoy ' will bo burned. \- - To-day the fires all broke out again, and tho \- townspeople are again turning out. Sovoral farm houses are In danger of boing burned. The Municipal Council, which was sitting here to- day, "adjourned so ns to .assist in fire- J ii' >' fighting. As all the cattle will bo taken to I . ttVriir, t 1 other districts, the milk supply has consider ably decreased this morning. COAL REDUCED TO ASHES. "WOLLONGONG, Wednesday.— Tho bush fires Which devastated the coast during yeetc.-.lay still continue to-day. Miles d' fencing hnvc .boon destroyed, farml-.-uses and- ou-'hoiiscs razed to' the ground, and thousands of acres of valu able grass burnt. In addition to numerous stacks, of hay. A large number of men have been employed lr. mo southern end cf the dis trict throughout the day fighting the flames,, as it was feared tho Urea would reach tho town ships. Colonel Owen's Tongarra mine' caught fire, and Mr. Ernest Owen and tho manager had a narrow escape of belag imprisoned by tno flames in the mine for tlireo hours. A number of tons of coal stacked outside the mine ready for maraet were reduced to ashes, and plant to tho value of £160 destroyed. Large numbers of stock arc to be seen in tbo wake of tho lire, and in one instance a farmer lost every head of stock on his farm. 