4lB$ OF BURNING OFF. fiCHEME ON THE SOUTH COAST. ' BY B.R. Cross-turning, some venture to assert, Is one of the quickest, cheapest, and least laborious methods of clearing off a selec tion, or any heavily-tiinbered virgin soil yet known to bushmen. . The greater part of the work is practically done for you, free of hands -aud tree of cost, while you sleep, smoke, or are attending to other duties about the place. =The only portion of it tbat requires your Close attention, perhaps, is the felling of the trees; and these are very often burnt dowu; ^the most rapid' means being to dig beneath a few of the roots on the Dreezy siue, ana start the fire under them, or as close down 'to the ground as possible. A plentiful sup ply of loose wood may then be packed on, and when once the heavy timber has a fair start, the fire sweeps through in an incred ibly short space of time, the roots being consumed in the earth, and the stump des troyed simultaneously with the felling of the tree — a practice that invariably does away with much of that vocabulary for which . the Australian bullock driver is renowned when ploughing is in progress. Cutting the stumps level with the soil and using a stump-jump plough is not greatly approved pf in the south portion of New South Wales. You are in a hurry, no doubt, to get your plough ing done, arid to get your crop or grass eeed in; but stumps, where the trees have .been numerous, and of a fllaineler measur ing from four to five feet, monopolise much of your land, eo that grubbing round them and burning them out in the' first place is cheapest and best in the end. The writer has vividly before the mind's eye at this mom ent a dairy farm on the South Coast from ?which something might well be learnt by be ginners or new chums, to wnoin the whole gcheme may be quite foi'eign. Early last spring the writer, happening to be on a visit to the South Coast, had the extreme pleasure of spending a few days on a beautiful farm. 'Would you like to take a stroll out to the cross-burners with me? I mostly pay 'em a round of visits before goiug to bed, just to make sure that none have dropped down, or are 'gone out.' ' We set off, my host talking all the way of his inability to comprehend total failure on the land by anyone; and of his many bright echemes and ideas for the coming year. It ?was a moonless night. The fired trees and the hundred cross-burners lent a weird but picturesque aspect to the scene around. Distinctly, it seemed to me the stronger and taller blades of grass, as well as larger_obr . jects, stood out from their fell^s', niu very beautiful did th-» -£T£-3i' expanse look in the ...... flw oi the fires as we approached. 'You stay back a bit; I want to examine that tree. Ah! No need! There she goes! That's the first stage, you know, after ringrbarking,' said my host; and he pointed to where a huge tree — one of tho largest I have , ever ficen— wa*3 burning fiercely, ? .the fire having travelled up tho immense barrel almost to the topmost limbs. But while he spoke a series of- loud reports, resembling the rapid discharge ;of -some over loaded rifles, awoke the sleeping bush. T'aeu followed a splendid sight. The great tree, like a brilliant meteor, swept across the Barkened sky-line; -there was a crashing roar; the ground shook beneath our feet, and a cloud of smoke and dust, lit up ly a million dazzling sparks, leapt upward into the night. The burning tree had fallen! ., . 'I only set her going after dinner to-day,' my host explained. Some distance further up the paddock lay a ilog with tihree sets of cross-burners - on it, and ready for lighting; so, picking up a piece -of stringy-bark, the farmer prepared for the operation. I assisted him in many ways; for I understood sufficient of the life to know that in order to ensure a more rapid charring through of the logs it was necessary to go round to each, and raise the cross-burners, so that the ends were close together, instead of burning back un til they had slipped to the ground, and lay idly smouldering there. First, there is the tree, which, having been killed and is well seasoned, is being felled; and when on the ground shows the crossburn ers, in the shape of short saplings or stout limbs, placed all down the great length at in tervals of from six to eight feet. Then there is the hole burnt through in convenient balks, and ready for rolling; and, lastly, these are seen piled together by the stump that once supported the now dissected forest giant; so that no doubt can possibly be entertained as to the solidity of the timber. To those not acquainted with cross-burning, or with this method of land-clearing, the idea of starting the fire on top of the huge mass . Instead of underneath, or at the ends, may seem absurdly inept; but it was experience that proved the value of the former, instead of the latter. Lighting the fire on top of the massive heap of logs is a safer and quicker means of get Ing rid of the whole than attempting it in any other quarter. The fire, strange as it may seem, eats downward with resistless pertinacity, until a funnel-shaped fissure is created, and the centre then being a raging furnace, the timber is consumed on all sides, until, eating through to the stump, the ends have only to be turned inward with the ironbark hand spike, depicted in the foreground, when the whole disappears. The last cinder having consumed itself, the farmer takes his shovel, and, going from bed to bed, scatters the deep, cold ashes widely. All is .then ploughed' into the earth; or, if not ploughed, rye-grass is sown, and the har row run over it, so that no matter what the planting, the crop is greatly enriched by the operation, and the soil will reward your lab our for many years to come. Besides this double service of clearing and fertilising the land at the same time, a newly rung selection, though hideous enough, pre sents a more pleasing sight than does a culti vated farm that is thickly studded with dead trees. The long white skeletons are not pretty; and not only do they disfigure a property, but they endanger the lives of the stock— and often human life — as the dry and decayed limbs are constantly snapping off and falling where least expected; and, in windy weather, will carry a considerable distance. In the case of bush fire, too, there is scarcely anything more dan gerous. Almost invariably they are the means of conveying the sparks that destroy not only thousands of acres of grass and wheat, but very often the homestead. And what is it that a bushman will rush to first when threatened by a .calamity of this kind? Why, his axe!— to fell the dead trees that- intervene between the line of fire and his dwelling! And never before nor after does he work as he works at a time like this. Through blinding smoke, with' teeming brow, he chops and chops— and what a slow process it seems to him then; while he is probably curs ing his luck that in some calm, quiet time, he had not lessened the bleached, unsightly ghosts that now threaten him with destruction! 