DAMAGE TO ORCHARDS. HEAVY LOSSES IN THE SUBURBS. Tho damaging effect of the terrific hoat on Sunday was fully apparent at an early hour y«-s- ierday morning. Oychardlsts and vlgnerons wero early astir to sea, not the damaged crops, but to try and find a little that had escaped. If there was any, tlio scorching second edition yesterday completed tho work of destruction, and many growers have not the heart to walk through their orchards and view the thousands of bunches of "boiled" grapes,' and burnt and withered apples. The destruction of the grapo crop will be very heavy. It is innuy years since vlgnerons had promise of such a bounteous yield, and they looked forward to making up for tho scauty seasons experienced for the last five years. Everywhere in the vino districts could be seen, previous to Sunday last, in sp.lto of the continued dry weather, row after row of luxuriantly green and heavily-laden vines. Now, however, thero ouly remains; vines burnt brown, and tons upon tons of grapes that were wortb many thousands of pounds, scalded and wither ed, and utterly worthless. , Tho summer fruit crop suffered just as sevoroly. Thousands of cases nf poaches, pluw3, and pears, just managing to hang to the snp- donuded branches, wero caught by the fierce southerly buster, abd strewn upon tho ground, until, In some places, it was Impossible to walk without trampling upon tho fallen fruit. Apple trees havo the appearance of having passed through a firo, so severely are thoy burnt. Such crops as melons, pumpkins, cucumbers, and tomatoes are utterly destroyed, and nothing now is left but tho fruit hanging upon the withered stalks. Tho coming citrus crop 1ms also suffered severely, the young fruit falling like a shower of hall. Throughout yesterday afternoon bush-fires were raging in many of the orchard districts, completing the destruction of tho day bdforo. At about 2 p.m. yesterday a firo broke out in the bush at North ltyde, betweeu the township and the Lane Cove River, doing cotioldcr.ublo damage to the orchards in tho vicinity. Poultry farmers around Marsfleld lost heavily, tho fowls dropping dead all over the yards. Snakos havo become very numerous around the . homesteads, seeking safety from the burning bush, and in search of water. 'At a late hour last night the smoke, driven low by Hie southerly gale, was suffocating, particularly along the Great Nortli- crn-rond, between Horusby and Wiseman's Ferry. ' 