MRYTLEFORD. from our own correspondent. Wednesday. The Porepnnkah St. Patrick s Day SportB Olnb is experiencing some little j difficulty In arranging this year's pro gramme. Hitherto cycle racing was the leading feature of this popular festivity, bnt, unfortnnately, a part of the track > passes through a private allotment, which has recently been fenced in. This is the property of Mr. A. D. Weston, senr., who has refused permission for an aper ture to bB made in the fence to condnct the cyfle racing. Should Mr. Weeton adhere to this most regrettable decision, it will mean that cycle events will have to be eliminated from this year's pro gramme. Certainly tbe fact that some incipient larrikin has thoughb fit to ont the wires of the fence has nob in any way assisted matters. It is to be hoped Air. Weston will not attribute this unscrupu lous outrage to any member cf the club, and that on matnre reflection he will be overtaken by that high public spirit and generosity which has marked his career as a citizen and grant the permission. Indeed, seeing the great part Mr. Weston has always taken in the arranging of sohools escort-ions and other landable projects for the eujoymenb'of the young, I feel confident he will do this, and not allow the sneaking proclivities of a wire- cutter, whose local stand is probably as infinitesimal as that of a donkey, to penalise the whole of the surrounding district. On Wednesday of last week what pro mised to be a very serious bush-fire broke out near the homestead of Mr. P. Moloney, about a mile and a half from the town.- Fortunately assistance was soon at hand, and after a strenuous fight, in whloh several ladies took no unimpor tant part, the house was saved. With the arrival of fresh batches of fire fighters the work of checking the career of the fire towards BuffUo Creek was proceeded with, and at 10 p.m. this was accomplished. In all about 150 acres of grass were destroyed, the losers being -Messrs. Moloney, Gerraty and Lowerson. The cause of the fire is unknown, although Constable M'Keogh made a very diligent enquiry. Speaking of this, reminds one of the mixture of liquid refreshments handed out to the fighters during the progress of one of these outbreaks. Along the line will pass a bottle of whisky, then a vessel of beer, then a vessel of water, followed by another vessel of water strengthened by a bottle of brandy. Of coarse, it must not be infeired that sufficient of the alcohol is partaken of to make the men lucapable, or that it is handed ont by the interested landowners believing the lighters to be fond of it; On the con- trary, any mau will tell yon that alco holic drinks would be better done without if a better substitute could be got. Ouly those who have had experience at a fierce bush fire know how utterly' impossible it is to put in a long hard fight on the weakening effeots of pare water-drinking. Not only do men " knock ont" in a very short time as a result of this, but in many cases sorious illness snpervenes. There is one simple remedy for all this, yet for some unaccouu btble reason it is never availed of, and that is lemoas. A couple of caseB of these at a tire are of more value, than all the beer, spirits and water chat could be carted to it. With three or four lemons in his pocket a man Is thoroughly safeguarded against thirst for hours at a stretch. Htf has not to put up with the famishing delays which neces sarily occur with the water, etc., while at the end of the day he is free from the deadening effects of alcohol and the more serious weakening effects of water. Fur thermore, the services of the men con veying the liqaids to and fro oould be put to the better service of fighting the fire. Yet in the face of these Bimple facts a hundred fires might break out in a month without a lemon being obtainable at even one of them. Want of thonght and nothing else must be held respon sible. The Myrtle Tennis Olnb succeeded in defeating Gapsted, on the former's court, on Saturday of last week. The match proved a most enjoyable one. Daring an interval afternoon tea was partaken of at the dlningrooms of the Misses Lewis. As this is the Myrtles' first taste of viobory they are naturally very pleased with themselves. On the same court some days previous Mc3srs. J. Barton and H. Ewart met in a tournament final, to whioh was attaohed a nice trophy. The former won after a good contest. Farmers on the banks of the Ovens will find some pleasant reading in the "Age" of Tuesday under the heading "Beautiful Valley Ruined." The sub ject is dredging, and provided by Dr. A. A. Brown, of the Department of Agri culture. It is possibly the severest handling this outrage against nature and the future prosperity of the valley has yet received, and It is quite refreshing to learn the State has at least one servant who has the pluok and patriotism to give this industry the exposure its depreda tions in rich fiats have richly earned. Local Interest in the gold stealing cases at Porepunkah has been further aroused by the fact that Oharles Kleehammer, brother to John and Frederlck-Klee- bammer, who were recently convicted at Bright, is wanted by the police. Upon the arrest of his brothers he suddenly left the district, bat his arrest is confi dently expeoted. 