'AN AUSTRALIAN BUSH-FIRE.' E88AY. (By Viotor D. A. Courtney, agod 13, 22 '' Adelalde-torraoo, Perth.) Thore Is not, in' my opinion, a scourge that causes more devastation in Aus tralia, excepting perhaps the drought, than the bush flre.' So truly grand a scene 'does tho bush flre present that It baffles true description. The sight is ah awful one. The ilery monster mav be seen like a ruthless avenger sweeping with astonishing rapidity across the' dry grass and scrub aa it is forwarded by tho wind, which causes It make a dull continuous roar similar to the breaking of the 'waves on the sea beach. Like unto some rapacious being suddenly released from cap tivity, tho flery scourge huxrie3 on, a constant crackling informing the ob server that the dry twIgB and grasfl aro being : gpeedily consumed. An If greedy 'for sustenance, the roaring flaming destroyer, with all possible awtftneas, licks up the short dry herb age, while it occasionally sends forth darting up the trunk of some aged tree a red tongue of flre, In this man ner the flre continues to advance till night. Then, like a heavy sable pall which has been spread as If to shut from the- view (of heaven a scene bo awe- Inspiring, yet so subtly entrancing,' darkness descends and wraps the earth In a robe of black. Now It Is that this awful scene can be observed to advantage. After tho moon has risen, as Jf the heavens wero loth to removu their eye» from euch a sight and half relenting had almost wholly with drawn the pall of darkness which had been spread for so short a period, the llames .advance without a sign of de clining, sparKs fly forth In myriads, while a cloud of blackish smoke, whicn, In my opinion, possesses some sooth ing properties, hovers in the vicinity of the tire, Hhere Is a grand' sight. An old half -decayed tree Is wrapped in a flery robo, the red flames leap high into tho air as If to vie with each, other as to which should, leap highest,' Innumerable bright' sparks fly from the trunk and aro lost In the black smoke which lingers round tho tree. Suddenly with showers of. nature's fireworks and with a mighty crash, tho aged, yet weighty, tree falls Into the mass of flames iwhlch surround it as H is greedily consumed. I have failed to truly describe this sight— It is indescribable/ Far behind in tho fire's lately tra versed track Is a scene of desolation. Tru-y many trees escaped destruction, but the vegetation of the earth is wholly consumed. A few frightened animals now' hurry forward In advance of the flre, but the majority have al ready sought a place of safety. Oh! ruthless destroyer!. Injurious flend! Yoi('that have mode miles of desolation! Stay your hand. The grass will again shoot forth with emerald hue, the scorched leaves of the trees will fall off to glvo place to new ones, but, alas! If human life be taken in thy flery mould thou canst not cast another soul to enliven, to make anlmato in tho form of man tho body thou wilt have consumed, Oh direst curse! spare human life 1 1 Still the flaming .mass continues its destructive course! Oh! how shall I truly describe it? A line of red flame, shining In the ' moonlight like the sun does, to illumi nate 'all around, drags from the most sequestered spots the' shadows, leav ing In their place a circle of light. In one minute the scourge can transform many yards of country from bushy scrubs to- -levels 'devoid of vegetation. I before observed, .and I reiterate my statement, that a bush flro baffles true description. All that can bo ' really said can be summed up in this single sentence. A mass of flame greedily devouring all In Its path, sending fonth thick clouds of smoke, and serv ing to Illuminate the country for some distance, Is advancing; In front of it Is a bushy scrub, In the Tear a black desolate waste; this scourge Is the bush flre, the author of the abovemen tioned deeds of destruction. On, on, the hateful destroyer advances, till a cleared space is reached. About fifty or a, hundred yards from the flre is seen a large farmhouse, bathed In a flood of gentle moonlight. Though It la now past midnight, the men have not retired, but are making rapid pre parations to repel tho attack of the oncoming' destroyer. Tho ravager lias already consumed a barn, and la waft ed by the wind rapidly In tho direction of the farmhouse. The settlers are now engaged in various occupations. Ono detachment Is advancing towards the flre, each man bearing a large green bUBh with which to attempt to 'beat out' the approaching flame. A second party is engaged in burning a 'break' around the homestead. A froap of silent women, huddled to gether, gaze anxiously In tho direction of the destroyer, and then with plead ing eyeB gazo above, as if imploring Him who is a witness of this scene of destruction to stay the ravager's ] hand. Has He heard their prayer? We shall see. And while this lLtle drama Is being enacted, the cloudy, but. starry,. heavens gaae, or appear to gaze, Indifferently upon the scene. It would appear that the efforts of the settlers to savo their home and themselves are vain. Bu-t, as they glance towards the sky, ^ thankful and reassuring smile Illuminates tholr countenances. V; But why? I will tell you.. -, . A low, rumbling sound Is heard, and the sky has been gradually filled with black, lowering clouds. Soon a few drops of rain, fall, and then, amidst discharges of heaven's artillery and flashes of lightning, torrents of rain descend. Thus one of the thunder storms so frequent In some parts of Australia, arrived \it the opportune moment' to extinguish this seemingly invincible scourge-nth'e bush flre. But is It dead? W'ill It never again burst forth in all 'its apparently irresistible fury? It will burst forth anon, for it dies not— It does but sleep! 