" Tough" Luck. We often hear the term 44 tough" applied to the luck of certain peo- pie .after they have suffered Iqss or injury, etc. , but it is hardly ex pressive enough to meet the case of Mr. Havelock Weight, a well-known settler living about 40' miles east. This gentleman was in town on Saturday, and as lie leaned non chalantly against a post he re counted the story of his recent and most disastrous period of-luck which is classed as 41 tough." It appears that he was carrying a bundle of ' hay a few clays previous to Christ mas wben a sudden bite on the left forearm caused him to drop his load and dance round in pain. So un expected was the attack that the cause was for the moment over-, looked, with the result that the snake — for snake it was— got safely away. "A ligature was at once ap-. plied, and the bite cut open by Mr. Weight and vigorously sucked, after which he drank copiously of brandy. In the meantime Mrs. Weight, suff ering fiom fright and inexperienced in bush life, was forced to proceed some distance for assistance on horseback. Frightful agony was endured by the . sufferer during the night, and at times he almost col lapsed. Next day the pain lessened , to some extent, but the patient's legs and arms still lemained in a higy swollen condition. To intensify the 4 4toughuess" 'of the luck, a bush- fire broke out at this juncture, and naturally Mr. Weight became obli vious to the. pain he was. enduring in his anxiety to avoid the loss of his grass, which at the time spelt ruin. He hobbled out to the scene of the conflagration which threat ened to sweep all before it, aud for hours, assisted by willing helpers, fought the fiend until it. jvas com pletely subdued. After if was over be felt much better, although ex? hausted, the poison having worked out of bis system during his strenu ous efforts. This difficulty over come he went home and mused on toe general cussedness of tbiugs. However, he was yet to get the finishing stroke. " Would you be lieve," he said, 44 that the heavy storm whicu crossed over about a fortnight ago broke immediately over my paddocks, washing aw'f v fences and other improvements'! , considerable value iuside of half-an- bour ? In fact, it nearly washed awu' the homestead also, and altogether we had a of a time." " That's ' tough' luck for you !" weasseuted. He remarked iu a "casual manuer, subsequently, that he had had ' tough", luck all his life. Both arms broken (one several tfraes), a leg ditto, collar bone (twice), several ribs 011 either side shifted oul of place, head opened up, thigh dislo cated, nose knocked sideways, etc., but, said he, the .snakebite episode was the worst of all. 44 No," he said, in reply to the query - of a by stander, 44 1 haven't struck an earth quake yet, but," crossing his legs and spitting vigorously, 44 one never knows !" Then we had amother one. 