Mr Deakin has shown himself amea[?] to reason and to prudent counsel in evincing a leadiness to [?]or to effect some mod[?]tion of the agreement with the States’ Premiers relative to the finan cial relations between the Commonwealth and States. In the coi.vrf of the debate in the House of Representatives the weight of argument has been against the adoption of the agreement in its entirety and practically for all time. Such mem bers as Mr W. H. Irvine, Mr Robert llarper, Mr Bruce Smith, and Mr Agar Wynne, amongst other Ministerial sup ]>ortcrs' have uttered weighty warnings as to the danger of making the pro posed payments to the States perpetual. They leave taken exception to the terms ol' the compact not so much with regard to its probable immediate operation and oifect, but with some aprehension as to its future working, and from this point of view have urged very forcibly that before the Federal Parliament amends the Constitution in such a way as to surrender any considerable! proportion of the powers which have been vested in it it ought to he extremely careful to sec not only that the change is not likely to produce evil results—that it is not likely to hamper future progress in any way—hut that it is practically impossible for at to liavo that effect. It is the duty of the Commonwealth Parliament to seo that any arrangement arrived at now shall he one on 11111011 the whole de velopment of Federal and national life can proceed safely and surely, and with out being 'hampered and fettered. The picponderance of expert opinion on the Ministerial side of the House is clearly that while the agreement in question may serve as a temporary and tentative solution of a difficulty which must be faced and solved immediately, it would be a mistake to accept it altogether. The question is one which should be raised not only above all considerations of party but also above the narrow views of those who seem to regard the States as entities separate from and foreign to the Commonwealth. Mr Irvine and other members have done their best to discountenance and check this feeling, and to emphasise the fact that tile State and Federal Parlia ments represent the same people, that the two systems of government should work in unison instead of in antagon ism, that each should have ample means to provide for its own purposes; mid that unless wo provide in the first instance for the requirements of the Commonwealth we shall find it in finan cial difficulties and yet will not have really improved the position of the States, which will probably have more money than they require. This is actually the case with some of them at the present time. The aggregate revonuo of the States in 1901-2 was £28,197,927, and in 1907-8 it was £34,807,648, showing an increase of upwards of £6,500,000 in six or seven years. Thus it will be 6een that they have a revenue larger by six and a half millions than they had before, or at the commencement of Federation. Moreover, the Prime Minister pointed out recently that the Commonwealth has taken over from the States bur dens which now amount to £3,800,000 a year, so that the States are really better off by about £10,000,000 per an num than they were before the union. Financially they are shown to bo In a much better position than the Com monwealth. They have magnificent revenue-producing possessions. They have railways, lands, waterworks, and other sources of revenue, while the Commonwealth has taken over defence, the old age pensions system, the Post Office Department (which is not a pay ing one), quarantine and lighthouses; in a word, most of the branches which were charges upon the States. And in view of the expenditure and liabilities of which they have been relieved by the Commonwealth, and of the grow ing responsibilities of the Federal Gov ernment and Legislature, it is not rea sonable on the part of the States to expect that they will permanently re ceive so liberal a return as the new [ per capita proposal would assure to them, or to demand that it shall be accepted as the last word or the final arrangement for the settlement of the long- standing financial problem. In the agricultural column of “The Star" a tiiuely note of warning was re cc fitly sounded as to tlie. advisability of adopting all practicable precautions against the spread of bush-fires in the coming summer. Our contributor pointed out that the probability is that, throughout the greater part of tho State, the pasturos will be more luxuriant than they have been for .many years. But “good grass years are not without their dangers. Even the summer with an exceptionally heavy rainfall has its period when the grass will burn readily, and there are no exceptions to tile rule that tlie bet tor the pastures tlie greater the danger from fire It will be to me inhered that some seven or eight years ago there was a spring of extraordinary growth, and in the summer enormous stretches of country were burnt be tween Beaufort and Hamilton. At least one of tho fires occurring there swept everything before it for "not less than 30 miles. Other conflagrations on the long dry pastures were hardly less destructive, and hundreds of thousands of sheep perished, while a great deal of other property was destroyed. Since then a wise precaution has been adapt ed by some landowners in connecting their homesteads by telephone one with another and with the nearest township, so that early intimation can be obtained as to the locality in wliich a fire has broken out, or the direction in which it is spreading. • Tho use of such means of communication in facili tating combined action in checking the progress of the flames, or in permitting of .the removal of stock to places of safety, has done much to minimise'the | damage caused by fires.. And- duel heed to tho suggestion that landowners should also co-operate in dividing tho country into sections by adequate “bleaks” would assuredly provide effec tive means of checking the wide spread of fires, and considerably lessen their ravages and the serious losses which they occasion every summer 