BLACK SUNDAY. Record Heat and Bush Fires. Nowra in Danger. Losses at Fall's Greek, Tome rong, and Other Centres, The first Sunday of 1909 will long be re membered in Shoalhaven for its excessive heat and for the bush fires that menaced many settlers and householders, and for a time seriously threatened the safety of the south- western portion of the town of Nowra. From an early hour the day was an oppres sive one. At 11 o'clock the thermometer registered 108 at the R. C. Presbytery; by midday at Miss Grant's it stood at 113 ; at 1 o'clock Mr Peak read 114, and in the after noon the reading was 118½ — a record for Nowra. A sweltering, pitiless sun beat down with withering, blighting force upon the drought-stricken pastures, crops, and gardens, with the result that most green things in open and exposed places were shrivelled and blasted beyond hope of re covery. A west-nor'-west wind, with a ten dency to chop about, blew as if from the blast of a furnace. An uncomfortable, enervating day, that sapped all energy and vitality. Suddenly, about 2 o'clock, the townspeople were startled by the clanging of the fire bell at the Nowra station. In the face of a threatened danger the ennui that had prostrated all hands was dispelled, and the townsfolk bustled out to know what was amiss. Quickly word passed along that the south-west of the town was in danger from advancing bush fires, and that Sergeant Loomes, who with others, had been out all the morning fighting back the fire-fiend, had ordered the bell to be rung with a view to calling out all the available assistance to check the onward progress of the devouring flames. The fire brigade and many citizens hurried to the residence of Mr Crowley, behind which dense volumes of smoke were ascending, It then transpired that the fires had worked their way from the bush country lying along the Yalwal Road, across the subdivision settlement, where reside Messrs Wilkie, Griffin, Dowling, P. Prott, and on to E. Madden's and M. Rehardt's. These properties all had a narrow escape, from de- struction, Griffin's house actually catching alight, but by the herculean efforts of a band of workers the fire was beaten back. As the flames spread across Berry- street, several culverts became ignited, but were saved by the fire fighters, and a hard, battle was waged against the devouring elements in Pooley's paddock and to prevent the destruc tion of Messrs Gould's and Cole's homes, which seemed very imminent. The flames, however, were beaten out and the danger averted in that direction. In the meantime the fire spread towards Morrissey's in St, Ann's Street, and through the bush to Crow- ley's, At both points the fire brigade did splendid service, nobly assisted by a band of willing workers. Had it not been for these efforts a number of houses in that neighbor- hood must have been demolished. The fire broke out in Crowley's yard near the house several times through flying sparks, but the presence of the firemen with their hose saved the situation. Sergeant Loomes, who greatly distinguished himself all day by his ceaseless and untiring efforts, gave instruc tions to run fire breaks through the bush bordering the south - west portion of the popu- lation area, and this was done, with good results, as when the flames reached the breaks they exhausted themselves for want of material to feed upon. Meanwhile a strip of fire got round from the rear to Mr W. Moore's, and had to be beaten back. The fire-breaks were also run there, and by tea time the danger that threatened the town seemed happily averted, and people wended their weary way homeward. At 7 o'clock the expected southerly came up, and the danger again threatening the firebell pealed forth its alarm notes, summoning all hands. The southerly buster was at this time blow- ing a gale, and grave fears were apprehended from the carrying of sparks. The bushfires blazed up once more, but the wisdom of running the breaks was now evidenced The firemen stationed- themselves in batches at the corner of Plunkett and Shoalhaven 'streets and at the Worrigee-street intersec- tion in case of necessity, but fortunately that did not arise, as, when the gale died away, the fire had exhausted itself. While the men were working like Trojans, a number of womenfolk rendered good service in providing them with needed refreshment. While Nowra people had to engage in a desperate encounter with the flames, outside settlers had a bad time of it. The Depot was surrounded with the flames and a good deal of damage was done, but the homestead escaped. Out Fall's Creek way, the settlers had a trying experience. The Parma Estate was practically swept, much fencing and some of the outbuildings being demolished. Mr P. Sinclair's house was burnt to the ground, as also were the Methodist Church and a hut belonging to a man named Flynn. Messrs Gardiner, Beckett, Robson, Kimpton, Par- nell, and P. Monaghan had an anxious day, and sustained considerable losses. Our Tomerong correspondent writes Sunday was one of the worst days experien ced for years, the temperature being at 110 in the shade for a long time. Many of the residents at Tomerong and St. George's Basin had great difiiculty in saving their homes from the bush fires that blazed in all directions. Mr F. Hart had his house and outbuildings burnt to the ground. Mr Jas. Bryce loses everything but his house. It was thought at one time that Mr G. Gander- ton would have lost everything. Much damage is done to the grass and fencing in the district. Out Cambewarra way dense bush fires were discernible, but no damage is reported in the settled area. Mr J. G. Lambert received word on Mon- day that the whole of the grass on his farm property at Kangaroo Valley had been con- sumed by a bush fire that swept over the mountain from Budgong. Great damage has been done to orchards and gardens and growing crops. Mr Jones, at Bomaderry, had a lot of his fruit scalded and shrivelled by the intense heat. Mr J, E. Chidley reports that his grape crop has been ruined, and some of his fruit rendered worthless. He puts his loss at £60 for the day. Much of the young corn throughout the district has been ruined. The loss all round, between fire and heat, will be very considerable. 