The donation which is Periodically wrought in Victoria by. and bush fires and of which a deplorable in stant was furnished at Berringa yes- to-day in the destruction of a viable mining plant, ouglit to be accepted da an evidence that somoblung is ivTong. either with <tho laws or. with the. habits of the people, with regard to the failure to adopt precautionary measures. Since the memorable Black Thursday., an astonishing number of preventable bush fires lravo occurred - in; Victoria. It must bo generally admitted that in many of. these cases enormous losses might have been averted if occupants of surrounding properties bad taken tho most elementary precautions against tho spread of fire. The best methods of securing grass.paddocks, ini flammable bush, and homesteads, against fire, are now well known in overy .part of Australia. After, a winter of fair rainfall, followed by. an exceptionally dry spring, when the grass 'is long, and the herb ago of a highly luxuriant character, serious danger of the who-le country being swept must always arise, unless con certed action is taken to prevent the spread of any file tliat may get out of hand. There are years in which' the general immunity from fire helps to lull almost everyone into a sense, of 1 false security. When heavy- rains have fallen during October and November, and perhaps right up till Ohristmas, the grass in South-Eastern Australia is so green 'and the bush so damp that uo troublesome precautions seem neces sary. The fanner or stock-owner may look -out upon his green fields and: laugh at the idea of committing occu piers to the expense of. clearing, -or ploughing fire protection zones around liis property; but, perchance, later on,' tho stock-owner may lose in a few hours more than he would have paid in 20 years for effective fire-breaks. The majority of people can find 20 excuses for inaction where they mill see one in favor of taking trouble. But Nature works in such a way as to take careless humanity to task for lack of foresight just os often os for positive violations of her laws. In the American States certain officials in each district ore constituted fire wardens. Their duty -is to keep watch in. the public in terest against risk from grass and forest fires. If the herbage in all directions is in such a condition that a spark might cause a conflagration these men aro responsible for keeping people alive to the danger and for putting into com pulsory operation certain general pre cautions which -would not be insisted upon in time of safety. Wtliout the existence of an active publio spirit in such, a-matter there is not .much hope of legislation being- effectively applied, but a Bush Fires Act, if' intelligently administered, might be the means of preventing imnier.so losses. The clauses in the. IVicfv Acts, relating to the sub ject are not sufficient to meet the case < ither as to their scope or their elasti city. On the other hand, the Royal Commitsion on State forests has declared that., “South Australia, has the most com plete and practical legislation” to be found anywhere in the Commonwealth relative to fire prevention in country dis tricts. Amongst other provisions the neighboring Slate's Bush Fires Act of 1885 absolutely prohibits the making nf fires for. the. burning of iuflauHiiablt; rub bish and stubble, during tho whole of the five dry months of the year. No scrub fires may be lit unless there are at least four men at hand ready to keep the flames in chock, and. in all cases a wide tract must be cleared all .around the area tc Ijg dealt with. Tlie close similarity of th# malice in tlie north-west Vb*_ toria to the country across, the border suggested the utility of similar legisla tion, and accordingly, in the Mallec Act of 1898, the samo stringent precautions respecting tho control of scrub firce were embodied, and some modification of them might surely be applied to Victoria generally. It must be acknowledged, however, with regard to some of the ob jcctaonable practices which give rise: to grass, fires in. the summer months that no Jaws can put an end to them they are backed up by and strong fore* 0.- public opinion. Shooting parties and camping parties are almost incredibly c.'ircless in the matter of. setting, thg. grass alight During the hottest period of the year mobs of youthß 'ream r the country blazing away at birds and x*ab bits', and using the most inflaramabio kinds of wads which should .be prohibited I during the dry . months. Tiieu agaui, on the’railways the use of.better sporfc arresters is imperative. Ouly by/tiio use.of each and. all of thc» l precautions, indicated can we hope to lessen .the'very serious losses wkich-l&e;: country sustains through the ravages of bush-fires. If tho session-of the State Parliament which is expected-, to close to-day has not been as fruitful in practical work as Ministers had hoped and wished that it might be,', it'lias, like theFede-' ral Legislature, furnished a super abundance of talk to swell the volumes of Parliamentary records. The Com monwealth “Hansard” has embalmed ■the utterances of members in nearly ,7300 pages; and about 4000 pages will be required to provide a shrine of the loquacity of- State- members. . Apart from these precious volumes, there are issued Votes and Proceedings of the House of Representatives, Journals of the Senate,- Votes and Proceedings of the Legislative Assembly and Council, and separate records of divisions in each of tho four Houses: It has been computed that the. annual cost to Aus tralia of these records considerably ex ceeds £60,000, and tho reflective-tax payer cannot avoid tho conclusion that a very substantial and highly desirable reduction of this enormous'and waste ful expenditure' might be made. The “mother of Parliaments” : at West: minster has no records on tho ex travagant scale of tho comparatively petty State of Victoria. A relatively small subsidy is paid to a private re porting firm as against Australia’s £60,000 per annum, and all but secret documents are given'out on contract to private printers. When Federation came to pass and an ; Australian ■■ Par liament was created, it was expected that the State Parliaments - would be come more business-like bodies and do their remnantof work in simpler way, but there has been no advance' towards a realisation- of: this hope--and. no ap-- prociable’ diminution' in the flood .of talk or iir the cost of placing it .on record,.and it seems to-be idle'to look to politicians for any such, self-sacri ficing ordinance as ono to limit the cost: of perpetuating their often worthless lucubrations. Asa practical; people, the Americans, when once they realised the colossal stupidity of having tho whole business of State held up by garrulous members; forced their repre sentatives to adopt limitations of' de bates, and-there is a pressing, need for similar reform in Australian Legisla tures. ; • ... .. 