Local & General. IN ordrfr that our staff may enjoy a holiday, there will be . no issue of the Chronicle , next Friday, Subscribers and advertisers please note. We'be. all off 'to Bermagui on Boxing -day. OEM tip for the South Bermagui Handicap is: "Jim." Constable (11 yards.) 1 BuftnAGATE'S tirst Show has | been indefinitely postponed in con- j sequence of the drought. | For the 100th time, we intimate 1 | to local drunks that this office is not a philanthropic institution. j Mil. K. E. Anderson, Shir« ' Clerk, was at Bemboka during the j week attending Revision Court. The "Chronicle" wishes its sub-1 | scribers and advertisers a Merry j j Christmas and a Happy New Year. Mn. J. M. Lee takes cliArge of Moruya Post Office on the 17th January. He was 301 years in Bega, In consequence o£ the rongli weather, both steamers went past Bermagui on Tuesday without calling. | Sleeper-cutters need not worry much about the Amended Forestry Act. Big leases can only be taken in plaees which are inaccessible, j Said that on the trip of the s.s. Eden last week a male passenger , got oft at Bermagui, having dreamt j that he saw the vessel going down. -"S. Star." McMillan Bros.' new steamer Clyde was submitted to successful steam trials last week, when she i made 9 knots. The Clyde has eu- J tered upon the South Coast timber trade. A Con Ait GO lady ask'ed her hus band not to go out on Tuesday night because she was airaid of the . lightning. She must think "hubby" is a modern ajax, and ' would defy it. The kindness shown to the poor old man Thomson, by the people of Galba, in his illness, maintains the reputation of those good people. A millionare couldn't have been better looked after. A youNG man named Whally, an : immigrant, after trying to get work i for 5 or 6 weeks without avail,! suicided in a boarding house in Sydney on Sunday.. The men who, i by lying misrepresentation induce j young men to come to this country, j should be gaoled ! A REPRESENTATIVE of the Aus- tralian Sheep Dip Coy. was in Cobargo on Wednesday making, investigations as to ths cause of the death of Mr. J. H. Tarlinton's cows, which were supposed to have eaten blackberries after being sprayed with Royal Eradicator. A local tnan was endeavoring a -billy-can which contained some dripping, that was hanging up .near the roof. The can slipped, and, striking hiin above the eye, cut it badly. When he went out into the street, a friend said "Who did that?" "Billy Can," said he. The friend went in search of "Billy Caa" wite a view to punching hiin. Fact 1 ' The landowners down Wyud ham way have decided to arrest the progress of the rabbit, and can l/ifiM Bunny is making such/prolific strides in this district that -a' few "of-the farmers are beginning .to talk'" about- a similar method of turning Ihim/into ca%fc & Jjwoujgh^ there may not* he.millions of rab biteiiere at jpf^eni it is very evi dent that in fepitelof the unpGsit joys- of; th|^0Pi.i ^Boards &-'t6 e ljfst i most dl^^iy/yn the increase,it will not j0D^,;«a .ffifejjjjy"! toft twt<5k, till ouri^^ll|p.e «iaster of the ii»ifc$ition *Avb unwerstand that a Meeti^ w^jpbe called;.shortly to take theof a canning factory iaHbislabtrtct ikto consid eration. tomnwrcial commodity, "" douu^ed. ROYAL cradlca-tors—anarchists. MBS. L. GOLDMAN is ill with peritonitis. . DON'T forget Narooma sports on Boxing Day. GET your Christmas cheer from Hammonds'.'1 Sensible poultry will roost high to-night. SECURE the shadow—at F. H. Gillard's, photographer.* BEGIN the new year well by subscribing to the CHRONICLE. MESSRS, B. Gough and H. Mayo are home for the Xmas. holidays ARNST haa agreed to meet Barry j on the Zambesi, in a sculling j match. THE list of subscriptions for the j Yourie Telephone -is printed on j another page. , THE Federal elections will .take place in April next. See that your name is on the roll. | MR. H. Sal WAY is poisoning rabbits at Dignams Creek, and ^ reports good results. j MORUYA annual Taces have | ! been fixed for 7th. and 8th. Feb. | Programme at this office. ALTHOUGH thes.s. Edgn struck Point Perpendicular, she man aged to keep horizontal. . . DROUGHT, bush-fire3^"-#afefe^,| i grasshopperg. Gb on the |IP>« young man, go on the land I-™ MR. W. Graham, of Wandella, has donated £2 towards reducing the debt on Wandella Hall. A TEAM of cricketers from- the. Northern Suburbs Assn., Sydney, will visit the South Coast in, Feb ruary. , A LOT of country police have been called to Sydney and New castle. Going to shoot 'em down, Mr. Wood? i MORUYA "Examiner" considers that there should be prayers for I rain, on the South Coast. Come off "Harvie." CAPTAIN WALKER takes charge of the IUawarra Company's new steamer Merimbula, which arrived j in Sydney t'other day. GEORGIE PORGIE REID says he 1 will do the best he can for the peo j pie oi.the-Commonwealth as High Commissioner. Xes, no! THE State Premier, Mr. Wade^ | is going to spend a holiday in i New Zealand. Mr. Lee will be | acting Premier during his absense. Every one is going-to Berma gui on Monday. It wfil be easily the best day's sport ever held at, this popular seaside resort. And : that is saying a good deal. . LAST Friday was the only time in 10 years that the children at- j tending the local Public School had a real good time in the break ingup for Xmas holidays. Thanks, Mr. Hodge. FOR the information of little boys and girls, we publish the following communication from Santa Claus:—"In spite of the ad verse seasonT will be around to-1 night as usual." BOB FlTZSIMMONS and Bill Lang will both get Christmas box es on Monday, at tne stadium. A report will be posted at Rodd s Hotel, South Bermagui, as soon as the fight is over. AN old age pensioner, named Thomson, who had been in the employ of Mr. J. Allen at Galba, died on Sunday. The funeral took place on Monday. The Rev. J. J. Boyd officiating at the graveside. DURING the debate on Wade's Coercion Bill last week, J. C. Meehan called W. H. Wood a coward. Seeing that Wood mar- ried a widow last Saturday we arrive at the conclusion that Wood is no coward. Meehan should apologise! ; SEVERAL wealthy New York ladies liav;e joined the..,,blouse making; Union. Miss Morgan declared that tliere was something wrong if women were only able to earn 32/- a week. There are thousands inSydney earningmuch less than 32/- a week! AT the iueeting of the Loyal Cobargo Lodge, M— U,, on Tues day .evening, Bro. L. Goldman was ^elected N- G., Bro. Jno. Elliot V. G., Bro. A Modral Elective Secre tary. P G., W. Chambers was elected Lecture Master, and Dele gate to the South Coast District ni^eirifig to be held in Bega on* 19th. Jan. At Reedy Greek, neiar InvereU, -a selector jjamed Edward Dan aid son run amok, shot at his wife arid IhenTshot his daughter in the knee, and then'ran away. In do ing so several shots wereexcharig ed between': father and his son, Thomas. Later on the father was" found/dead with a rifle clasped *ia his hand. " There were two bullet wounds; bothiof which entered, from behind. -The son was arres ted. . Peter Bowling is ays that the strike is;not nearly ended yet. CROWDED out: South Bermagui and Nerrigundah correspondnce, aild various other items. "Jack" Chamiskos has, by a biV majority, been elccted to the Vice l'residency of the Sydney Tramway Union. A MEETING to organise a new search movement for theWaratah was held in Melbourne on Wed nesday. . An Upper Brogo man says that the grasshoppers are so large out there that his horse fell over one. Tom Pepper! Mr. F. HenwoGD has complet ed the contract on the show ground. When the grass has grown on it, it will be a picture to gaze upon. THERE is quite an epidemic of sickness in Yourie among the ypung people. There are cases in almost every house, of pneu monia and pleurisy. The temperature at the Cobar go Post Office on Monday reached i 983 in the shade, Tuesday 97°, and ( Wednesday about 11 a.m. nice steady rain set in and continues as wo go to press, J.05 points were registered. "Billy" Hughes is the man to whom the people looked to make industrial peace, hut Wade's Co ercion Act will probably prevent him from doing so. Wade and Wood are out for gore, apparently, and with Bowling at the lead they might get it. A MAN named Bayliss, of Stuart Town, has been arrested on a charge of attempting to poison a boarder by placing strychnine in some stew. The boarder on tast ing the stew is alleged to have -remarked that it was bitter, and to have declined to eat it. It was afterwards thrown to two dogs, each of whoom died within half an hour. THE steamer Eden crashed into Pt Perpendicular, off Jervis Bay, about 7 o'clock Sunday morning. The fore part was stove in, and the vessel was only saved from foundering by the forward bulk head, which kept the water back. The passangers rushed on deck in night attire, and life belts were promptly served out, but it was soon discovered there was no im mediate danger. The steamer went slowly along and arrived in Sydney at 8 Sunday night. Big bush-fires were raging out west in the early part of the week. Messrs, D. Quinlivan and John McVeity were the principal losers at Illawambra. The public school was burnt to the ground, only the tank being left. The residents tried hard to save the building, but the scarcity of water-defeated their efforts. At Galba Messrs. T. G. Allen and A. Chambers met with severe losses of grass, as did also Messrs. Afflick and Dow- ton. At Long Swamps Messrs. A .J. Tarlinton and W. Barlow met with a like misfortune. Rum- our had it that the Fairview homestead was in danger on Tuesday, but willing helpers kept the flames back, and we under stand that the flames did not get within half a mile of of the house. The way of the farmer is hard ! 