GREAT GRASS AREA BURNT. ADELAIDE, Wednesday. The fire on Anlaby Estate was extinguished, after having destroyed about 10,000 acres of beautiful grass. j CARCOAR, Wednesday. Big bush fires were raging yesterday be* tween here and Woodstock. A fire started: yesterday morning near Mandurama, but TOS | beaten down by willing workers, and left as though safe. Shortly afterwards, however, it broke out again, and latest advices say that I it is raging towards Gallymont. It has al ¡ ready dono a considerable amount of damage. 1 A. Muir is reported to have lost stacks, winch, j woro uninsured. Disquieting reports aro j coming in from Cowra district. CLIFTON, Wednesday, i The weather was excessively hot on Tues- day, registering 102 degrees in the shade. Ths whole countryside was enveloped In thick haze, tho result of smoko from bush fires, which are raging on tho mountain ranges south of Clifton. The effect of the heat on young plants has been most disastrous. Tha green herbage has been withered up, ana young fruit his fallen from the trees In largs quantities. A cool chauge set in in the after« ' noon. COWRA, Wednesday. A bush Ure broke out yesterday morning IS i Warwick paddock, on the bank of the Lach- lan River, about six miles north-west of the I town. A high wind was prevailing, and in« ! creased In violenco as the day ndvanccd. It i j carried tho fire In easterly and southerly directions, sweeping everything In its Uno of progress. The experimental farm was devas- tated, and all the sheep wore destroyed. A! portion of the town common and suburban ' areas of the municipality suffered heavily. Thousands of acres of the best wheat lands in the district and grass paddocks wore com- pletely devastated. The fire followed the 1 course of tho river, crossing nt Farleigh 1 again, about two milan out, and destroyed all herbago on the racecourse. The buildings, 1 however, were saved after a hard fight A farmer named Boll, a comparatively new ar- rival, lost everything.Mncludlng his house and personal effects J. M'Leod, adjoining, lost iOO bags of wheat, standing crop, and live stacks of hay. A. Lockyer, Cooley Bros., J. Alford, G. G. Wright, R. Bourke, mid C. Chambers i were heavy losers, although partly covered by insurance. L. Treasure estimates lils loss at 900 bags of wheat. R. Fletcher lost lils house, personal effects, grass, and crops. Banks Bros, last heavily. Tho area traversed, about 30 miles, presents a scone of desolation. The local cemetery was much damaged. Busi- ness was also suspended in town during the day, every nvallabo person being out flro-fmut« tng. At Bangaroo, Bramall, Pongelly, Robin- son Bros., Collins, and Whittaker were heavy, losers from tho outbreak In that locality. HAZELBROOK, Wednesday. A bush tiro passed through the southern end! of Hazelbrook on Tuesday. A floreo west- erly gale was raging till tho morning. Tho fire, which was being watched, about 2 o'clock threatened a house belonging to Mr. Dawson, of Sydney, and the occupants had only just time to remove a few of their portable be- longings bofore the whole of tho structure waa onvolopod In flames. Two other houses, ono belonging to Mr. G. V. Pick, of Sydney, and tho other to Mr. Hanson, woro only saved with the greatost difficulty; whilst a cottage belong- ing to Mr. Close, inspector ou tho Govern- ment railways, was destroyed. So far no loss of life has boon roportod, but the damage dons to crops and fencing is considerable. JAMBEROO, Wednesday. Exceptionally hot winds were experienced on Tuesday. The heat was very oppressive, the thermometer registering 95 in the shade at noon. There are bush fires around the mountains. Bush fires yesterday reached Faulks Bros. farm, Stockyard Mountain. Messrs. Faulks had over 50 acres of grass burnt, in addition to some wheat and fencing. While J. Faulks was returning home he was overtaken by the fire, burning limbs falling across his cart. Thoe horse was liberated. Faulk's residence was only saved with difficulty. The fire is now making its way down Curramore side of the mountain, adjacent to Newton Vidlor's home- stead, four miles from Jamberoo vlllage, but with southerly wind can be kept in check. MITTAGONG, Wednesday. The bush fires are still raging and travelling with great rapidity. It is asserted by those in the immedlate vicinity that the flames trav- elled fully four miles in eight minutes. Much damage has been done to the Joadja Com- pany's tramline. Many miles of sleepers and fences are still burning. Small culverts and the large bridge close to the town were totally destroyed. The flames reached to within half a chain of tho new water reservoir, just near- ing completion, some of the burning embers falling inside and setting fire to the scaffold- ing, but the flames were fortunately got under. Neylan's house, and the shed containing his wool clip, have been saved. Mr. Neylan sus- tained loss of grass, crops, etc., and fences, Boyd's home was saved. A high westerly wind is still blowing, but the weather is cooler. One shop verandah in the main street was razed to the ground. The fire is now travel- ling towards Bowral. The surrounding coun- try on the west side presented a grand spec- tacle last night. W. Kells and W. Bunter's homesteads at Highrange, 12 miles out, have boen severely affected. Kells' wool clip is still in the shed. It is not yet known whether his new house has been destroyed, or the shed. The flre-flghters are having an anxious time on account of the high wind. ROBERTSON, Wednesday. Bush flres are raging in the vicinity of Mac- quaries Pass, and large quantities of grass have been destroyed. 