m/STTQAUAM [?] X05TIN A FITRPHY, ? -, , .» — . — , ? ? BY CHICOB. : ?? CooS, better, best, Never let it rest; Till your fcest is better, , And your better best. This is not a conundrum. It is an inscrip tion, in the fashion of our elder forefathers, who wrote distichs and laconic apothegms on 'their fountains and s'undfals and, guide-posts, and unon the semi-sacred daces and things that they; loved and honoured. -It' is the in ecriptioa «n *fFurphy'« Farm water cart.' To the dweller in cities a 'furnhy,' as it is familiarly called, is probably as lacking in definite suggestiveness as 'a chickabiddy.' I don't myself knew what 'a chickabiddy' means, but to the lonely inhabitants of the waste and waterless west country 'a furphy' is a household word, a boon and benediction to inem. It is simply a- sort of ironclad 'water barrel, constructed of strong sheet-iron, re sembling boUer-piates. It Is about 4ft long and 3ft ia diameter, and is mounted on low iron wheels, standing some 16in or 18in from the ground to the axle, ~ A wooden barrel mounted on a pair of low wheels is really a primitive type of furphy; and, while it is sound, is almost just as good; but during half the year it is unused, and in a dry and. torrid atmosphere tfie staves warp and crack, the hoops come; off, and when 'you want it in a hurry you spend half your time caulking it with. Tags and putty. \ A furphy is useless, except as a. water s carrier; tut, as such, it is also perhaps. the most efficient fire-fighter yet devised, and has a special detachable pumping arrangement for spraying bush-fires— a bush-fire in the Riveri na is really only a sort of prairie-fire, a great grass blaze; but too deplorably of ten and ter ribly destructive. Among my multifarious jobs I was engaged last summer* as cook and slushy to a gang of _ fencers,, in a remote angle of a big. 14,000 acre sheep station. . We- wer«anine miles from the homestead,' and 15 or 16 from anywhere else Oar nearest water supply was a tank, filled generally a couple of times a year from a 160ft well, «f absolutely horrible water. It was ? saline and *meit /unspeakably, and was wholly unfit for .human drinking purposes. There were of course, numerous surface tanks ai-out the run, but our line of. fencing was remote from If I SFZSSr*?* Pur*°se, indeed, was to dl- . vide a 16iO00-aci-e. paddock, and- the existing tanks as is customary, were all tm the boun dery fence, so as to water the stock in two paddocks simultaneously. One of myamany duties was to fill the fur phy at the least affitstaat drinkable tent— drink- able^from a backblock's point of taste for __ the/water allfloofced very; like dirty milk, and had to be treated wim Epsom salts to pre cipitate 4he suspended matter. A few ounces of salts will clear a tttO-gallon tank, and a teaspoonful placed 4n si bucket overnight will give you atwutithree-quarters of a bucket ot tolerably clear water, which ban be poured off into another vessel. ; ' Now, I always carry a three-penny note book or J;wo infflyWp pocket, to record the experiences of which I am so anxious *a searcher^ and which irom time ta time find publicity ifi these columns. And these, witfi the motiveless malignity of inanimate things, /are perpetually sneaking out at my poke sad getting lost for a ?day or two; .while I go about bleating Jor .tny. strayed property. Ate fajfee -would :&a.ye; it, just when we were nearteg tts tsompletion «tf our fob; I lost the '?? «m; of one of my most precious manuscripts, 'Reminiscences «f a Sheep's Head.' '. Its ©re- i ciousness will be more readily appreciated when I say that 1 bave since been unable to get any Australian editor to look at It. 'Too horrible/' they tell me. Inevitably, r was confident it was the best thing I had ever : Sono. I had heen. to a 'tank some threequar ters of a. mile away to fill the furphy^ and felt sure that 1 had m& notebook when I scarfed. I didn't have It when I .came fcaelf. When a furphy is filled T«u should put on the lid of the manhole and give it a screw dCwn, b«t, with my not unusual absentmind edness, j liad forgotten the tid. Also, it is the correct thing to sit astride' on €he front and yell insults at: your aorae. No one but an idiot— and I have ev«n doubts about him ?—ever walks in the I»u3h, so far as my obser vation goes. Even with a load of wood, the old hand leaves himself a nook on the shaft between the sticks. - . In jolting back with the water. I took-my seat as usual, rand yelled, 'Gee! Vi'let. ' Woa back^Gee, ye cow! You,' in the approved style; but in the absence of *he lid the water splashed up every/ now and then and 'douched, my back, running down and round the. guttering, as it were, of my waistband. I . had only a working shirt on, of course, and a pair of dungarees/ I wriggled a good deal, I . remembered subsequently, and concluded I must have wriggled -out ^the precious notebook. Three times, to the explosive, indignation of the boss, Big Sam Hooke, I travelled back-, wards and forwards to the tank, and scruti nised every foot of the way. No notebook! I was so irritable over my loss that I quite forgot my policy of .giving no back-talk, and treated Sammy to a piece of my occasionally' vigorous vocabulary, that fairly took his breath away, and ^reduced him to sotto voce growls. ' He would no doubt, have chucked me there and then, but. ?. he. knew that' he couldn't get an other man at that time of year, and within a few days of completing his contract. ? 'A* furphy lasted us about-foiir days, for very often I;i»atered the horses from it with a bucket; and It was on a Sunday afternoon that it ran out. ? I intended to -yoke up and fill it towards evening, in the comparative «ot-l. The boss_ usually went Jhome on Saturday evenings to his selection, seven «r eight miles' affray; and it chanced that two young fellows .who were travelling through* the run for some ; purpose, pat? ua a visit in tins afternoon, .f. - '** mado *ca, of . course, and they started to -pitch' v.ilh Tommy Sprunt, Sam's man for ' the tfine being. To 'pitch' is to engage in in terminable talk and argument . about nothing in particular;' and. is a pastime that seems never to grow flat, stale, and unprofitable to the bushfolk. I took no particular notice of them till I heard Tommy exclaim, excitedly, 'I'll bet you what you like I can.' Tommy had the reputation of being 'a bit of an innocent* HJe said he was .25^ and may have 'been, but he was very small, and looked about ?'18.' His efforts at growing a 'mo' re-' sembled a kitten's. Strange to say, he had a profound respect, for my. general knowledge of things he didn't know. We were great .-pals. .? ? ?? -,..--. .-.:..'.;?...? . ? ' 'Jack,' he called to me, 'can't a cove get through any hole that he can get his head through?' .;i- ' ???-„??? f1: don't1 know* 'Tommy,'' I- said. 'We^used certaintly .to believe so- at school, but I in -inclined to doubt.it now/ I^n.;sure. I couldn't, at any rate.*', ... ;-..-?- 'Course you could/' said Tommy, 'if you tried.' . ??- - ; v ?..._?- ? .-. *'Well, thanks, I'm not going to try ' -, , .- 'Wot I says,' shipped in bis antagonist, -'Wot I says is, a cove could get his head in to the hole in the furphy. I -seen- a horse do that,- but he^couldn't get his.body in. Are you game to try?' he questioned, Tommy. 'I am. that,' says Tommy, violently taking off his hat. ? . . ? .- 'Take care, Tommy, you mightn't be able to get out again so easily,' I cautioned. : 'If I get in, I can get out agen, can't I?' said Tommy, aggressively. 'Have your, own way, old chap. It's not my funeral.' ''.-.?' As I had finished washing up, and wasn't \- greatly interested in the wager, I went into the, tent to have a lie down. The last thing I heard was a triumphant, 'Well, wot did I tell you.' ' Evidently Tommy' had won. Then I dozed off: , I was awakened by a voice at the tent opening. : 'Hi! Jack,- Jack.' 'What the dickens is it?' . - 'Tommy wants you.' 'Well;' don't he know where to find me : ''B can't come,' said the ambassador, hesi : tatingly. ' 'E ? ' But I burst out laughing, and interrupted him. Of course, I knew what had happened. Tommy had got into the furphy, and couldn't get out again I went out of the tent to find Tommy's head looking sheepishly out of the manhole^ The rest of him was kneeling down* safely im prisoned in the iron shell. He greeted me ^ deprecatingly. . ? \ 'I knows I'm a foolj Jack; but wot's .to be done?' - ? I believe Tommy was the only one of my as sociates who ever suspected that I was or ever had been or ever would be anything but a blanky bad cook._ So I -was naturally Bet tered, and considered the situation with due solemnity. ???''. ;! . ? . r ..': ''..'?' '''.'?'? r '? The result VHras Mbiat I took Q»t the .plug, and drained the furphy ary,.'ttiere were only -.a,, few^piints;- in.^t : l:*m&g;&s; ^ Tommy as com ?- fortable^iB- 1 ^cquld.- with . gome' jaclc∧ half % bag;of -i3ia«fe and told^him to lie low. ' Also I gavi-him ^Sixpeiwyjtfat'X^uld to keep him ; -from thinking. ;' I always carry, a few -copies of -. that brand of- -literature in- my~«wag. - Omar 4sT :-otu. dearer to the semi^educated, nor Corelli TAo-fthe domi-semi educated, -than- Nat's horse trine is to the not-educated-at-Ml; and paper Js always 'at ^, premin^n in the. bush. . . I don't think' t actually encouraged Tommy to; stajr%here; he was^ J-ut I confess X had a mild curiosity *o se)e what Sammy Hooks would do about it. ?,'' « ^'.' Then I went peacefully on 'with my avoca tions till towards teatime. ... On these treeless plains you ean see for miles, and shortly before sundown I an nounced to Tommy: 'He** coming.' A somewhat anxious veice besought me from the depths: — 'You'll stick up for me. Jack?' 'That's all right. Tommy. Leave it to me.' I put the chops in the 'frying-pan, and pre sently Sammy rode up. He didn't seem iii 'a very amiable humour. 'Aitft the tea ready yet?' he asked, cross ly. . 'It's just ready. I put the chops on when I saw you coming.' ' ' - 'W'ere's that ? Tommy? *E*s always up to -some funny business the minlt me back's turned;' , Coolness in 'emergency is one of my most conspicuous characteristics, also an infallible ' diplomatic instinct of- when to take the bull by.-tne horns: . , 'He*s in the furphy,', I answered calmly, giving the frying-pan a shake and sprinkling some salt on the chops.; 'In the what?' gasped Sam, staring at me as if I had corks in my hat. {This is sup posed, to be. an infallible indication of in cipient lunacy- going 'balmy,' -in the bushj 'In the furphy,' I yelled. 'Dash your eyes and carcase, can't you hear me? An' he can't get out' . 'It's allrlght, Sam,' came a faint sepulchral 'voice, 'I'm 'ere.' Sam was human. He sat down on the tucker-box and laughed till I thought he'd have a fit, . peal on peal. The embarrassing situation had developed too slowly for me to see the comic side of it, but I daresay it was -.there. When he recovered he was in an irritable good-enough humour, and had a vigorous but not unamiable conversation with Tommy through the hole. At his earnest solicitation Tommy again .tried to get out, and Sam stood on top of the furphy and tried to pull him i out by the head, but soon convinced himself -r-though not nearly so .goon as he convinced ; Tommy— that he- would have to drag his head off to get the rest of him out in sections. 'Well, I'm jiggered if I. ever see the like,' he said at last. 'What the blazes will we do?' : I saw an .opening for some more diplomacy. 'Tommy thinks he can thin away ,enough in two of three days to squeeze out, and I'll see to the thinning, Sam; I give you my word for '*'?'. '? ? i that. A pint and a half of soSip a day is all I'll give him till he's fine enough. You'd have to cut him out with a cold chlselr and you know his Gills' (the figure-head who was supposed to be general manager of the station, which was in the hands' of executors). 'You'd have to pay for the furphy.' * 'Me pay for the furphy,' roared Sam. 'Me pay!' Sammy had the reputation of being the meanest man in the Riverina. 'Well, it's the station's, and you got the loan of_jt. I suppose you're responsible for it.' Sammy caved in. ''Look 'ere, you. Tommy, w'en you gets out . ~lf I don't give ye '-.'the father and mother of a strappin' .my .name's not Sam 'Ooke.' ''Now, Sam, you shut up! That's enough. : It's an accident; and if it wasn't that I know Tommy'd' lose his billet (he was paid by the station, though he. was always lent to Sam ? when he was engaged in contract work), I'd : walkover to the homestead and get the felack . smith to come and cut him-out, if you had to -pay for three lurphies.' 'All right, Jack, 'ave it your own way; but of all the — — but I'll say no more. And what are we to do for water?' 'I'll fetch it morning and evening, in the buckets, though I've a notion it won't be long before there's rain.' : I made Tommy as snug as I could with bags and his 'nap' (blankets), and gave him some soup. He really didn't seem to mind much. It rained heavily that night, and the next day, so Sam. went home, as we couldn't get on with the fencing. The second night I heard Tommy make two or three attempts to wriggle through, but ineffectually; and we discussed the untoward situation in the morning. I had given a good deal of thought to the matter, and had come to the conclusion that the difficulty in his' egress lay in the fact that the opening was slightly tunnel-shaped, bevelled, to allow the cover to fit tightly. You can conceive a person being able to squeeze through the narrow end of a tunnei, working himself along from -the broad opening, when he could not possibly get back through an : orifice presenting a square, sharp edge. Also, the furphy was so low that he couldn't get a straight shove at the opening. When he knelt down and got his head through he was com pelled to hunch his back a bit in trying to rise, and he could get little purchase for a shove. If we could have turned the furphy up side-down, I think we might have shaken him out. Tommy agreed with my arguments, : but 'didn't see no way out of it.' He showed me . his hands, and we both agreed he was get ; ting thinner! ? The rain cleared off in the forenoon, and ; about dinner-time I saw Sam coming along with another horseman. It was his Gills. I thought the fat was in the fire, and warn ed Tommy not to budge. 'Not a move, mind!' They rode up, and I heard Sam explaining, . 'It would take a man 'al'f a day to plug a post-hole after this rain.' 'Well, well,' said' his. Gills peevishly, 'you'll have to break up camp and finish after the harvesting;' there can't be more than 20 or 25 ..chains to do. Send the furphy back to the station' this afternoon; the harvesters will probably he wanting it at White's hut. Tommy can take it;, where is Tommy?' I thought s Sain would pass the question on : to me, but he preferred to do his own lying, ! and I thought the better of him for it. Curiously: enough, lie hit on precisely the same fiction that I would have ladled out. 'I. sent 'im 'ome to fix the harness for the waggon teams,' he answered, glibly. 'We'll be wantin' 'em for the wheat-cartin' soon. But Jack there can lake it over.' 'Very well. I see you have the plug out,' he continued, moving his horse a few steps forward towards the casket of our guilty secret, and my heart jumped; but it was only to turn him round. 'Mind, you don't forget to put it back,' he added, as he moved away. I hardly had a full view of his back before Sam began. ''Ere's a- how-d'-ye-dot ' And Tommy's head bobbed up through the hole. 'For heaven's sake, Tommy, lie down till he's out of sight.' ? ; Yoii-;ould see a rabbit half a mile off on that billiard-table plain if he stood on his hind legs. . Sam went into the tent growling, and I had ; a lightning think. As soon as the coast was clear, I called to Tommy. 'You'll have to get out, Tommy, somehow.' \- 'Blow'd if I can, Jack!' Tommy half whim pered. 'I tried last night, ^nd I 'dare to goodness I couldn't get the right wriggle on nohow. I might 'a done it the first night I 'ad three goes, an' — -' T heard you squirming,' I put in hurriedly, catching a look on Sam's face that boded no good to poor Tommy. He had come out of. the tent and stood lis tening. ? 'If I thought,', he began solemnly to Tommy, 'if I thought you'd been pullin' my leg all this time I'd ? ' 'Dry up, Sam. The- thing is to get him put now.' ? ? ? 'E'd better do it pretty slick,' said Sam, ominously. Suddenly he brightened. He had an idea. ''Ow 'would it be,' he suggested, eagerly, Mto turn the furphy on its side. 'E could put 'is legs out, and I could 'itch the mare on to them, and get a pull on Some think would 'ave to give.'? 1 'No you don't,. Sammy 'Ooke! Not me,' Tommy fairly snarled at him. 'You don't 'itch no mare to* my legs. Don't you let 'im, Jack.' . 'Shut up, Tommy, don't be a goat. And you, Sam, have some common.' But Tommy was in a snarling fit. The things he'd like to do and would do to the big man and his Gills if he could get out arc unprintable, : Starvation must be an irritating process. I soothed him, and gave him a pint cf hot soup and an extra large slice of toast, which he retired into his cramped sliell to consume, while I expounded my idea to Sammy I wasn't too confident of my solution, but 1 Sam was enthusiastic. He could hardly let 1 Tommy finish his soup. 'Here you, Tommy, listen. I'll get up and stand over the hole, and you put your hands through, like's if you was going to take a dive, and I'll catch old of 'em and pull you through.' ''Ow the blazes can a cove dive up 'ill,' said Tommy, querulously, but beginning to adjust himself. 'You shut up, and do as Jack tells you. 'An w'en I gets you out ? ' 'No,, you don't. Will 'e. Jack? Ill stay. w'ere I am.' ? .' 'That's all right/Tommy. If he lays a finger on you I'll poison him '. . 'There, there. Tommy, I was on'y jokin',' said Sam. 'Put up your 'ands.' 'Don*t you pull too 'ard if I yells,' saifl Tommy, and put his bands through. Sam seized them, and with gentle vigour, but really astonishing ease, pulled the pri soner out like a periwinkle from his shell 'W'y,' said Tommy, feeling his shoulders and anatomy generally, 'I b'lieve you could ' 'ave done that all along. Give us a bit of dinner, Jack. Me waistcoat's stickin' to mo backbone.' . ? And I had my reward. In clearing out the furphy I found the lost notebook: Tommy would probably have hesitated to assent to the suggestion that he was the instrument em ployed, by special prpyidence to restore to the continent my lost contribution to its literature. But I'm pretty sure it was something more than fool's luck. ? ' 