| GREAT BUSH FIRE. Raging for Five Days. A Long, Hard Fight. RENliARK, December 30.—On Fnndav alferuoou. when the thermometer stood at about. 106 iu the shade, a small pillar of Ur - 1 F , Jim" rilbn s block n L t0 on ri V? Panuga, i n lhe and despite > %bt%f ; the place for ~ome' days "Jid Inraremfv the only way to amount forh tlfa? tile sun must hive l,t s or drv ^ hro^'h the medium of a bottle V l S an hour of the smoke Ijeing seen a 1 the surromding farmers were on the s'.wtTnd"a Tf^t .struggle to save the cropfand^omesSd^ oogan Mr. Frahn had fortunately stripped the V s V lot. h . cat and ^s ^veek. it warhe or he had would the have gr^test difficulty to .save the stacked bags ThU 1 •vas j accomplished .. by •-, discing and ploughing i—e—* rouDd ,he J he a P s the lire was still ? OJne distance off. and then backfiring as 3t a PP r; 'ached. At the time the tire broke < J !" 3 ^t-crly wind was blowing, and the Ti Jet ?- °f tbe ti - h,en » to get it out into 0 country a-tvay from the settled \- , 11 "'- v llad almost succeeded when the lire was about one"Ind a ! ha { f , m! . les f [ onl Zeinert's boJrv! , and bel ° r e he and helper^ could get their 1 Jj lscs alld plough to work some 2CHJ , bairs , of wheat were licked up. Mr. Zeinert ' t, ' < ; ««« of crops rtados. and ,/ul.,.,„K uriuoie trams in , homesteads by putting doable trains in I large disc harrows and gallopmg round and r ?und the neurit point of the flames. So cloFe be to go that at times he ap- tasl ~ and gradually increased in in violence untii half a gale was blowing ! Back came the lire as fast as a man could L Uiougu kerosine had been poured over the ground, and makiuK straight for AutoneyV stack and liomcsiead j Luckilv. while the wind iva, in the west' a lot of good breaks had been made around : tlie homes and stacks, and the fighter" simply contented themselves with keeping the sfiarks down. One incident is worth relating as showiiie that the outback farmer, who has learnt the lesson of self-reliance to a de- T oiic of the chief attributes of bush-fire l fighting. ^ Iiile the fire was making straight w for r>enmi<»-s anil men were eDgaped in liackfirinc across a wide newlv disced strip. 'S a gust of wind whirled a large lighted • malice ton liisrb into the air. This was | carried ovet^thc heads of the line of men. and dronprf in grass as ^ a, tin-1 der. Almost needless lo say. before any-j o fhrne cotiW be done a new- lire .had oegtin, p inside the defences. Mtuated in the cor- ! h ner of tlus paddock wjs a small homestead, i T witli outbiiildings, and tins apparently was j m doomed. (rrass ran with in a few feet ^ ot the place, and the wood, of which it.a was bmlt -would have taken tire with a w spark. Suddenly a. clatter of bolts and! p the drum of galloping hoofs was heard.; s Tnere had been no consultation: but one m of the men knew the ng.it thing to do, T and did it He rushed his double team t of horses, harnessed to a larec disc straicht. T at the nearest nart of the fence. Ihe idea t caught on. and m a trice willing hands had t Etrapped the wires down and horses and t disc galloped madly m front of the fire, t How the man stuck to his seat was mar- c vellous. In less time than it takes to tell ti he had out a wide strip in front of the e lames; but- even this w^s not ennugh. The d Hansen swept over this. a= if it had fl not been there. S"ein£r this li turned his attention to the house itself and before'the fire had got much closer wide strip of newly turned earth checked it. when willing workers soon had it unde control. Dunne al Ithis time the flames had been rapidlv spreading in other direr tions. and had ii not been for the nrompt tude of Mr. W. Stoeckel aud Mr. -Antoney jun.. the whole of the letter's father's place would have gone. Towards evening the wind died down, and the frontage was a least fairly safe. Men from Renmark were ready at Paringa to come our if necessary, but ii appears that the farmers, thinking the worst, was over, were naturally anxious to have rest, and no one W?.P sent for to take the new men oui. All the night the. fire was carefulv watched, and had it not been for another unfortunate change of wind the damage would have been confined to that done on tlie first dav. On Monaav a south, veering to southeast and sonlh-west. wiud drove the flames at a tremendous pace rorthward, ajid practicallv ate up the whole of the grass in the Hundred of Parinpa. Every fence—and there wre a lot of new wirenetting ones just erected—was swept out of existence. All Monday men were doins their utmost to keen the flames down, bat all to no purpose. They simply tore through the high grass, here, there, and everywhere. On Monday evenitisr it had reached the Victorian boundary fence, and a changing viind fore the flames up and down the fence for about 30 miles. On Tuesday and Wednesday a westerly wind favoured the Parinira men, and by Wednesday afternoon tbe fire was praet'ealy out of that hundred. Where'ir will encJ can only be i-oniectured. It is said that it entered the Ned's Corner Run 30 miles wide, and has burnt as tar as the eye can see from the highest hills, and sir.oke can be seen in the direction of the station. Mr. W. Stoeckel. of Parinira. a farmer, it may be said, who farms with his head as much as his hands, is not at all sure that the fire ill not enme back, and lie is taking extraordinary precautions against a return. All around his sticks in the first place is a wide strip oi ploughed ground, neyond this is a burnt patch and again tv-vnn, Hi!* Iher ploughed stpp. Outside the. cleared paddocks' another fire zone i= created hy 'ongliing and rakintr up. Tlieii ,-gain outide his entire holding lie is clearing a ide >'-rip. "When this is c-omnlctod. villi ittle trouble he can cope with any fire ouiide his houndarv. and make a . very ., good - Tr i<rl;t with one that may start inside. If ll the farmers were to take precautions ike this the Jansrer fmn husii fires would e much minimised. It is impossible yet o estimate the entire actual dnmage and it is next to impossible to judge of the loss m crass. For speed in spreading no recont bush fire can louch this one. 