A TRIP BY TIMBER TEAM. (By ''Visitor.") ' The waggon is laden with massive Jarrah planks, the green sap et ill in ?hem; the largest measures some twen- ty feet in length, and weighs closo on .even hundredweight. We liavo a load and a half on board-nearly three toni, not reckoning <-ight bags of chaff, one of oats, and yet another of bran; four days' rations for the five powerful horses that compose our team, lhere is also a waggon-lifter, capable of rais- ing a weight of five tons. This is util- ised when the heavy wain screams harshly for grease. A bucket, a bat- tered billy, a few blankets, a box con- taining tucker, and a lean kangaroo dog complete our equipment. Tho bush- man's best friend, a canvas water-ljag, -is secured to thc side of the conveyance. At three o'clock_of a sultry April afternoon, we make a start. It is thir- ty miks to the Moore River, and the hilliest part of our journey lies at the rtry beginning. A sandy slope descends srddenly to the bracken-bordered banks of a brook. This slender stream is crossed by means of a substantial wood- en bridge, and on the far sido a steep risc runs into a narrow lane w hich cuts through the Granville Park Estate of five thousand acres, and joins the hard metalled road at the foot of One Tree Hill, crowned .with an old lime kiln long since fallen into disuse. Tho rain is late in putting in an ap- pearance this year, and the track is deep in red, choking dust. On either band are paddocks of dense banksia iScmb and graceful grass-trees, domin- ated by huge red-gums, their giant girth blackened by many a bush-fire, their leafy branches still white with fragrant bloss rai. Thick clusters of evergreen palm grow closo up; to the road-side, and for a mile or two the paddocks are fenced in by prickly cac- tus plants, an obstacle the most preda- tory cattle are chary of facing. Near a winding creek-now dry, but a strong stream during the rainy season-is the unfinished ruin of a hotel, a relic of former timos, when the railway was sur- veyed to piss this identical spot, but the site was soon abandoned, owing to ßoarciety of water, and the line now shirts the brook, a couple of miles dis- tant. A short way further on the road di- vides, the left hand branch runs to Gin- gin Brook settlement, a matter of fif- teen miles, and thence on to tho coast and the mouth of the Moore River. Tho turning to the right, which we take, has on one side a vast stretch of perfectly level country, Mr. J. Dewar's flats, which comprise hundreds of acres . of splendid grazing land, green the whole year round with luxuriant couch grass, an absolutely unbroken surface save for an occasional blackboy and a still more occasional red-gum tree, lt is not long since Mr. Dewar refused an offer of £32,000 for these fine pastures, where largo herds of cattle roam until ' their condition renders them fit for au . appearance ia the sale yards of the township. On the other hand lies a part of Mr. A. Edgar's Strathalbyn es- tate, wide grassy paddocks still contain , ing ample feed-the herbage is a couple of »feet high in places-and here a num- ber of prize stock are moving slowly across the meadows as we lumber clum- sily by on our massive wheels with their inch-thick iron tyres. Beyond Strath- albyn, Messrs. Wedge and Harper's pro- perty of Walkea runs back into the wooded hills. Away in front of us stretches the long, low line of the Dar- ling Hanges, thickly timbered, with here and there on a gentle aclivity a ^glimpse of bare broun faljow aud the. ./>vhito walls of a lonely homestead. About two miles from the foot of the hills we pass Mount Pleasant, and turn again, to th> left this time, following the contrastor's road to the Moore Riv- er, and henceforward to the end of our onward journey the course is a com- paratively straight one. The rate of progress with such a load is necessarily funereal-perhaps two and a half miles an hour. We have left the hard-metal- led road far behind us, and nie travel- ling through heavy sand, and this, with au infrequent patch of finner soil when wc come to tho limestone flats, will con- tinue to tho journey's end. The days i are drawing in fast ; the sun sets before V ,,six o'clock in a little ripple of golden cloudlets; by tile time we reach our first camping-place the crimson and orange hues of the western sky are dying out, sud tho rosy cloudlets have become black . and sombre bars. The team that left the township just ahead of us is already snug for the night, and the cheerful yellow flicker of a fire casts gigantic ßhadows on bush and tree as we jolt up the uneven track to the margin of a half dry swamp, the cud of the stage. Tho horses are unharnessed and led down to tho brackish water, which they imbibe noisily and greedily ; their supper is mixed for them in a large trough made out of old sacking. This is slung between the empty shafts of the Waggon, and here they feed in i common, each one striving to outdo his neighbour, from all appearance. Fod- der is the most expensive part of team work, and runs away with a big per- centage of the profits. Each trip of be- tween three and four divs' duration «posts us over a couple of pounds. Hav- ing ministered to the wants of our dumb companions, vre yettie to our own re- imst nothing loth; black tea, damper, flied bacon, and (first night out) bis- cuits and jain, an "unwonted luxury. After tea wc sprawl and smoke and chat for an hour, then "one by one creep silently tn rest," as tho Persian poet wi tb tko unpronounceable name lias it i Despite tl'« heat of the day., the night has fallen very chill. There is little or no. wind,-but ¿ searching ©old-finds its way through the blaukets and "nestles down beside us. Abroad is a supremo silence, save for tho hoarse croaking of multitudinous frogs among the leeds, the subdued hum of a sleep- less insect world, aud the faint quack- ing of wild ducks at the far end of tho swamp. About midnight a bank of dark cloud lying low in the eastern sky shows an undermost edge of palo silvery sheen ; presently au attenuated moon pushes her way up through tho dusk}' trees, and simultaneously a wake- ful bittern booms his deep note from somewhere across the shadowy, mist haunted marsh. The fire has smoulder- ed into a heap of red, glowing ashes, and it behoves somebody to rise and sacrifice a banksia log ; it is done, not w ithout self-conimiserative grunts, and in a few moments a yellow flame begins to dauee like an old-world satyr. Every now and again the far-away doleful howling of dingoes breaks the peaceful stillness of the night, and the kangaroo bitch "Lady" raises her 6bapely head, moans mournfully, then composes her- ; self to slumber once more. We follow j suit, omitting tho moans. j Next morning the camp is astir long before daylight. The thin, haggard-] looking moon is slipping down into the j bush, as if ashamed at being caught abroad at s-ieh rn unseemly hour. The wan stars wink drowsily, as though j weary with their all-night vigil. The ¡ air is bitingly cold, and everything is saturated with the heavy dew-fall ; the drops drip from the drenched bushes with the sound of a eteady shower of rain. There is no hour of the twenty four when poor fallen human nature re- veals itself in all its original crudity so shamelessly as it does in that dreary hour, whose coining heralds a sluggish wintry dawn, and shivering men and doge draw near the blazing faggots and oyo ene- another askance. It is then that men meditate evil in ,their hearts, try end scamp their rightful business, and abuso each other for being idle and dilatory. Only the patient horses munch away at theil- -morning meal with an equanimity which would doubt It ss provide a salutary object-lesson if wo were in'a mood for nature study. Meanwhile the billy boils. At length a ramt flush steals into the pallid cheeks of dawn, and a soft roseate light creeps slow ly don n the tangled vistas of forest land, aitd lies purple on the summits of tlie distant hills. Then gradually the big golden ball of the laggard sun swings clear of the bush; a ripple of ensanguined flame rm s across the sky fi om east to west ; a host of birds break into cheery twitterings, the mag- pie sits and warbles melodiously in the welcome warmth of the first red rays ; and, behold ! another day is with us. Immediately after breakfast we mako a move. As the hours of the forenoon wear by the breeze drops, and the sun waxes unpleasantly hot. We travel in a cloud of sandy dust, which gets into one's lungs, hair, ears, eyes, every- where, in fact, minute, but intensely irritating particles. A swarm of flies dron-3 about us in a maddening mono- tone, adopt close settlement tactics on our faces, and positively refuse to bo more than temporarily evicted. Tra- velling by timber team during the beat of day is conducive to somnolence. The horses need no guiding hand ; their rate of progress is equable, not to say solemn. We lie about on the bags of chaff and smoke and doze; sometimes wo quarrel-it relieves Ûie dead mono- tony. Less frequently we scramble down ard plod along by the side of the waggon as the team struggles gamely through an exceptionally sandy patch. The country consists of a seemingly illi- mitable stretch of banksia scrub, In places burnt buff by bush-fires. This is varied by wide flats densely covered with blackboys, stinkwood thickets, nar- row belts of red-gum, and salt swamps overgrown with rushes and aquatic weeds, and fringed with ragged paper- bark trees. Away to the right, just show ing above the bush, is the blue un- dulating outline of the Ranges, ever growing more and more remote as we journey onwards. Far behind us we get an occasional glimpse of a baie, grassy hill, which .sentinels Strath- albyn two miles from the little town- ship. Mobs of screaming black cockatoos, and flights of peevish parrots are busy among the banksias, tearing at the peculiar bulbous flower (if it can be called a flower) that is surcharged with saccharine sweetness; fragments are scattered broadcast along the track as the feathered fowl fly off at our near approach. Otherwise the bush is very silent, only the wattle-bird's harsh note, tho ceaseless chirrup of grasshoppers, and the brief call of a kingfisher a» it flashes by from tree to tree like a streak of living light. Once we see and hear a pair or laughing-jackasses ; several of these birds were let loose in the district some time ago, and have since thriven and multiplied exceedingly. Tho kan- garoo bitch "Lady" occupies herself with hunting excursions into the tan- gled, twisted bush. Shortly before stop- ping for our mid-day camp, six big kan- garoos hop across the road just in front of the waggon. . Unfortunately, "Lady" is absent at the moment doing a little bit of business on her own account. A few minutes later a brush bolte out of ike scrub with "Lady" hard at her fly- ing heels; "they dodge clean between the wlieels of. the waggon, escape sud- den deatluhy a sheer miracle, and the next instant thc brush lies limp on the track, nbije ite slayer stands hy licking her lips, ,aiid wearing, the §elf-satisfied . expression o£countenaiice it is lier wont to assume ou such occasions. We pick the kangaroo up, the fresh meat will make a welcome addition to our frugal evening repast, and the skin will fetch a trifle. Pretty soon we shall want a licence for this sort of game, according to all we hear ; not that the new regu- lation n ill stop dark, illicit deeds, by a very long chalk, ae they say. We halt at noon for a couple of hours cn the edge of a small swamp; the water has diminished since our last trip, and is decidedly brackish and unpala- table, but it doesn't do to be too párti eula'- in the bush. A strong easterly wind is shepherding a little flock of fleecy clouds across the wide fields or 6pace, bat down here, surrounded by an impervious screen of scrub, we reap but scant benefit from the breeze. Shortly after getting the waggon un- der weigh again, we pass a broad ex- tent of limestone flat, thickly overgrown w ith blackboys and dwarf palms ; clc-ar j cd and dra :. ? 1, fer during tho wet sea 1 son it is frequently under water, this flat should provo a valuable strip of country for wheat-growing purposes. A year or two ago, a very similar piece of land near Pingelly, on the Great Southern line, gave a record crop of I wheat ; a tall man might have walked from end to end of the paddock and been completely concealed from obser- vation the whole time. The palms, which prove so deleterious to grazing cattle, could be killed off with kerosene ; a couple of tablespoonfuls is amply suf ficont to destroy a single plant, " A little further on we skirt a large salt lake ; the margin is a matted tan- gle of reeds and bracken, the clear water in the centre is simply black with wild duck. Scared by the sound of voices, they rise in a great circling cloud, six or seven hundred of them at least, aud fill the air with their harsh outcries. However, they soon sett'9 once more, and seem quite to realise their own security so long as they keep to the middle'of the broad, shimmering sheet of water, where no fowler can possibly get within gun-shot save by means of a punt dexterously manoeuv- red. Wc camp for the night on the brink of a smaller lake. A few water-hens scurry off into the safe corer of the bordering rushes as, armed with a double- barrel, Ve steal stealthily 'through the gloaming and push through the whispering reeds from pool to pool in tba hope of duck. Half a doc-n get up hurriedly from their lurking place among the roots of a gnarled paper- bark tree, and for tho space of a second ! or two are sharply defined against the opalescent sky. Bang !-Bang 1 One I falls no'fiily lamenting a broken wing, the rest cleave the air on their flight to the big salt lake five or six miles distant, and, perforce content, we pick up our spoil, wring it« sleek neck, and return to camp, guided by the light of the leaping flames, whicn cast a ruddy reflection on the stagnant water-holes as wo thread our way through the som- bre shadows. The last sound that comes to us before we fall asleep is the strong flight of a flock of wild swans as they pass in wedge-like formation high above our heavy heads. Next morning we awake to find a grey cloud drift holding the heavens in thrall, but the threatened rain still keeps off, and about nine o'clock we reach the banks of the Moore River, the terminus of our outward journey. The bridge that spans the stream is rapidly nearing completion, the struc- ture is thrown across a pool which in the summer .season contains twenty-five feet of water, and more than twice that depth-during the winter months. It is a Government undertaking, being erec- ted for the special convenience of tra- velling stock, which were formerly com- pelled to swim the river at-this parti- cular point. Between the pools there is now a mere trickle cf water, but in a few weeks* time the "stream will pro- bably be running a banker. Half a mile away is Mr. De Burgh's station, r.early a hundred thousand acres of leasehold land, the most valuable por- tion being the river flats, which ex- tend for upwards of niue miles and af- ford perennial feed; here he runs two or three thousand sheep and a numesr-, ous herd of fine cattle. Marching with this property is Mr. King's station on the one side and Mr. Thomas's on the other. Beyond lies Messrs. Wedge and Harper's coastal cattle run, comprising 17,000 acres of leasehold and 1,400 of freehold country. The banks of tba river are overgrown with paper-bark trees and blue-gums, their roots mat- ted with a wealth of rank grass. Cob- blers abound in the pools, and it is no- thing for a diligent disciple of old Isaac Walton to hook a five-pounder. Din- goes are a great source or trouble to the squatters pf the district. Mr. Da Burgh employs a trapper whose laud aide object hi life is the extermination of these cunning marauders. He getB thirty shillings a week, his tucker, and a reward of five shillings for ¿very scalp, and Iiis methods are remarkably successful. In the course of time, how- ever, Mr. De Burgh hopes to hare his paddocks securely protected by dog proof fencing, which should put a sum- mary stop to. the indiscriminate slaugh- ter pf his defenceless sheep. After unloading our timber, we pro- ceed direct from the Moore River through au undulating counlry of squat sandhills to a rocky limestone ridgej where we take pur return freightTor twenty bags of guano, each" bag weigh- ing a couple of hundredweight. Th«3 guano is obtained from a large cave in tho side of one of the hills, the aperture being so low that an entry lias to be effected on handsjand knees. Once in- side, the cave rises to a considerable height, and the floor is entirely com- posed ot a vast mass of bats' manure mixed with crumbling limestone, "the accumulation of many centuries. Our business is to cart the guano to the township, and thence it travels Perth wards by rail. The lucky settler on whose leasehold land the cave is situ- ated, gets a royalty of a pound a ton on tho manure ; the carriage and all other incidentals connected with the removal and disposal of the deposit are the cor cern of the Government. We cami) for the night at a well about a 'mile from che cave and make a start shortly before sunrise the follow- ing morning. We carry a lighter load, and it is m ich easier work returning than coming; besides, ne follow a dif- ferent and rather shorter route that joins the outward track not far from our halting-place of the first night. This wo reach just after sundown, and car- ly the next day cover the twelve miles which still intervene betv ixt ns and home, arriving in the little township just as the long-threatened rain begins to descend in real earnest. 