THE STORYTELLER. STANDARD'S STORY. Bf M. H. POYNTEB, AH the station-house was in shadow, for the night was hot, and lights were unbear- j able. The glow of pipes was a comforting thing, and the men grew garrulous under j the influence of tobacco. r*ot a breath ot wind was abroad, and the only sounds that came from the darkness beyond the veran dah, where everyone lounged in deck-chairs, was tfie tinkle of a horse- bell across the dis tant paddocks, the croaking-of frogs in the lagoon among the ragged gum-trees, and the strains of a well-worn hackneyed song played upon a concertina in the men*6 quarters. Little Bertram, the English cadet, started the cycle of stories, in which each man re lated the most terrifying experience of his life. His own experience had been on a skating-pond, in England, and bad nearly meant a death by drowning. Carruthers, a squatter, told a tale, never failing of in terest to an Australian audience, of a fierce bush-fire; Taylor, the surveyor, followed with a story of starvation among the "jumping .sandhills" country of Western Australia; Bernsley had seen the murder of his camp-mates by blades in Northern Queensland, and had escaped himself by-the skin of his teeth. Two others had gained their experience in New Zealand; one with I a shuddering remembrance of the Maori War, and the other having passed through j the baptism of fire when Tarawera roused | herself to action, and the pink and white terraces were overwhelmed. Stannard was the last to take up the parable. ! "My 'experience happened in this very place," he said; "long ago, when my wife and child were both alive. Gerard had your station, Carruthers, and we had had a spell of hot weather, just like this. At Gerard's place there was an old man cooking for the liut, who had been with me as a gardener. Holy Joe we called him, because religion was his hobby. He was a quiet, decent old fellow. During the heat-wave he ran a-mok—sunstroke, we supposed. We heard that he was stark mad, aud so violent thet a relay of men, two at a time, had to be told olf to watch him. Something happened—I don't know what—but he managed to give his watchers the slip, and get away. Gerard sent a man thirty miles to the township to fetch the constable, and another over to me, and we sent out search-parties to look for the old chap. It was a real bad case of re ligious mania, Gerard said. "On the second day of the search an in cident occurred that made me feel very queer, for while we were all out searching for him, Holy Joe.sneaked into the home stead, right up to the garden where luv kiddy was playing with her nurse, and, * :ut of the catching sight of the child—he had always been fond of little Fan—beckoned, and called to her through the fence. She started towards him—she was just' a little tot, and we hadn't let a whisper of the thing reach her ears—when the nurse saw; and snatched her hack. Holy Joe was furious, the nurse I S&id;,"she' hf& jjjej-T --a- /aupuage as I he used, abuie and rfefigioh mixed up to gether; thtnfos tuto<g>wid,r*n for all he I was wofth out acrpMthe plain, beading [Pr the ranges. When I cape home at night I louna my wifo^iuteilj am uneasy. She told, me of the Incident, end I confess that it made me feel beMtkJll. too. "We searched lor Holy Joe for 1-_ ,_»ULi v nwww wt.owr ooe tor six days, and a twilight We came across him, on the highest peak of the ranges, lying dead in a ring of dead gttms. There.was.Constable Bradley thefe, with t myself and a couple ol others.. I can foil you it tos the most ghastly thing to see the pld man lying there on his bach, at the foot of a giant gum tree, dead like its fellows, with hif eyes wide Anon J— *" open, glaring at" the ^"^ his" ^ thrown out. » f remember it struck me tw he lay like a fallen cross. .The oriy Lu,?j was the sighing of a breeze that ha^sJS up, the taping of ragged bark on ihf trunk of the gum tw*Tand tte caUinE of * in,th.e darkness 8 °f a ^ n^an 8 hody down with us, and fold it in the carpenterfo shop, lock nig the door unhl the morning, and we ,)> went to sleep with quieter minds than w" JSIW*0 ®°me ^radIoy stayed "The fort thing I remember before i dropped off to sleep that night was »,{ wife's fervent thanksgiving that she nc"d have no more anmeby about little Fan. si* bad brought the kidV crib, into our room distrusting even to have her in the kit * dr^sing-ropm where she usually slept. \\\e looked at her together as she lay sleepine and then we went to bed. fe' "It was near midnight when I wakened with my wife s fingers about my arm in , grip of terror. 'Wake up. Jack 1' she was crying, as. sl,0 '"What do you mean?' I said, onlv half aiyake. She shook me yet,more fiercely. ' Wake up! Wake up! Holy Joe has taken Fanny!" " 'Nonsenee!' I said, roused at last, and supposing that she dreamed. 'You are asleep yourself, giri. Don't be siilv. Fan is an right. . "But looking at her I could see that she WaB wide awake, and a. sodden honor took possession of me. She wrung her hands convulsively. " 'Look at her cot,- she said. "Sure enough, the cot was emptv: the clothes were tumbled on the floor, and Uu-io were red finger-marks upon the sheets. I hid this lather feet from my wifeV eve* and a deadly fear crept into my heart. ' " 'It was their voices that wakened me' my wife cried, still with that terror in her own voice, .'and when I sat up in bed some thing blade sprang from Fanny's col to the window, with Fanny in its arms. They were gone before I could move. It was Holy Joe's voice, Jack—I know it!' " 'He is dead,' I said again; 'he is dead.' but I rushed madly to the window. Nothing stirred outside. A wild searching of the room was useless. My wife was right— the child was gone.. " 'I'll rouse Bradley,' I said, 'and we'll go to the carpenter's shop. Whatev er has taken her, it can't be Holy Joe.' "Bradley roused to my knock, prompt and ready for action. . With a lantern we went to the carpenter's shop, my wife fol lowing. The door wais locked, and the place in 8ilenee. but the body of Holy Joe was gone. We swung the lantern light into every corner. The bars of the window were wrenched aside, and the window broken. It was Holy Joe's bleeding hands that had torn tbe bedclothes off the child. " 'It was a trance,* Bradley cried, 'a trance. He lias come to life again.' "I well remember the thrill of horror that , his words caused me, for I knew him to be ! the most level-headed of men. A* he | spoke the homestead dogs, one after an other, began to howl, and at the sound the blood seemed to curdle in my veins. Dogs are known to have fear of the mad. Had they seen Holy Joe and the little child in his power? "It was Bradley who Wok command. " 'Rouse the station,' he said curtly. Let us lose no time. We may overtake them yet.' ' "We roused the rtation. Men gathered and lanterns flashed. We scattered m ;ul directions, but nowhere about the station could any trace of the man or the chid be fonttd.- . - . " 'It ie my belief! said Bradley, that he lias gone straight to the ranges where we found bim.' "From tbe man standing about u.- be picked out Andrews, the- head shepherd. ar ranging-that be nnd I should g<> vim bun to the crest of the ranges. /Bradley was prompt and practical, and we Alt th.it he knew what .he was about.. " 'I will go with you,' said my wife. "We remonstrated with her in \\.mi. 1 am going with you,'-was all that a he would Eav. •* ' "Horses were brought and we stai ted for i the'ranges. As we passed the kenn y we saw that aach dog tpropebed down a.-1 hougti fa 1tata>r,a}l favourite, who Istnuntd at his-chain to accompany u-. m *=^T;nl > nw trife said; *fce Tamn eonn*. i"„d willguide W I obeyed her. The (,h"!R JJcs seemed to we Intospace, and, dl fh no%c up, he took the lead. -The night was dark, and the -war rough, a fro rode in silence. Bradley tod An kept a pace to tberearjroy wife and (her. She was only balf-dresaed, but .and wo drew , her. She was pniy nan-ores J .1,ought save for tbe child. • \vf bad cot to the edge of the hush , }}. vndrcu-9 suddenly showed tbe white r "fher I'll 8? DO furtber, he Mid, com ■l« o i halt. It was in vap that I threat l"r ,i..i DmiHh nnrnod. thai m* wifa •There s - almut for home, ■•In the midst of my .anger X could pot brio a chill of fear coming over me. yhat in irev* should behave so struck me as Andi"Cv''s riioi ^■vfv'lhc devil overtake you!' I eatd ....rrilv "n- the clatter of hia horse's hoofs "JS'ftii. in the distance. -There's the r , r , jiitle child at stake, and you think h Vr4t but vour miserable self!" ■■ •The coward!' my wife said bitterly, 'urr.ipe Bradley, but Bradley gave her ,'io nn^vor. Some instinct told me, with a of impeding disaster, that Andrews's .iiddix f-'ar had infected Bradley also. ' -\tcthuv went on then in silence; I with an unm-v eve upon Bradley. He seemed to l ave !o-t all his readiness and nerve, and! ronii'iiiaJlv he glanced from right to left jurircJy. Once or twice he started forward I to th" cdpe of the path, as though about to ,,i,mcc into the bush; then drew back again and l«cpt alongside, but die never spoke a ,vnrd. All of a sudden he touched my ,'houMiwith his riding whip, and bis touch nuni' me jump. "I lino's something therel" he said, and without mother word he had crashed into the bush, and had disappeared in the diiknos. There was a complete silence. J was tor following, but my wife held ine hack. J culled to him several times, but not a sound answered save the echo of my own voice. Then, of a sudden, a cry, piercing, horrible, broke the stillness. I could not toll whci-c it came from, and after it had died down the same silence reigned. I called again, and again was mocked by the echo. " What has happened to him?' I cried, iD a mid sweat of horror, 'and what did he ibat made liim leave uaf The dog, sniffing up to me, jumped'to my stirrup, ami headed forward again. " 'Vi'o can do nothing for Bradlev,' my wife tried. less disturbed than I, 'Let us go on. Jack. We are looking for the child —for (tod's sake let us lose no more time.' "So, with the horror of Bradley's.silent disappearance, and that hideous scream ringing in our cars, we went on. and to gether we began to ascend the hill to the cre-t where Iloly Joe had been found. Mac, instead of loading us, came now to heel, will) drooping head and tail between his legs. Never in my life before had I felt Mith ;i nameless dread as was upon me then; yet we pushed on. "There was (rale starlight: on the crest where we bad found Holy Joe. The naked gums stood round silently. A fire of gum houghs was burning in their midst, casting a ghastly glow on the scene. Holy Joe knelt before it with head sunk upon hie breast, praying in a loud voice, and full in front the giant gum tre^ had been con verted into a cross. Nothing was hanging there as yet, but suddenly the dames leaped up and showed us the pale face of our child. Her eyes were closed; cords were about her wrists. Holy Joe sprang to his feet, and turned to us with a silent gesticu lation that revealed his purpose, "For a moment the low hissing of the fire roared in my ears, then the naked trees seemed to dance in a circle round me, the bush closed in upon me, and I fell myself falling. My wife's wild cry rang out— Ob, Jack, Jack! It is Fan! He is go ing to crucify her!' " • • ♦ * * « , 'Xann.nd came to a sudden stop. It was the tem-iou-poiut of his story. Little Ber tram, in a voice that no one recognised, asked-"Aud then V And 'hen—" Btannard's pause was dra na u - and then-I woke!-to find uivscif Id tied m sweat like an over-worked horse, twlli the moonlight shining full on my face, mid the sound of a dog howling dismally at the stables in my ears." • then* ^'®'naD^ storm broke upon him v3!rn":'lV'.' y<!u villain! How could i.i A i J 8 Beastly fraud to tell us a c-hiui' " " VU r, •1;d lik.?,to. W<* FWallrm- l r .|l w fc't down afid Ke T of lhat sort? "It's a jolly &'■0-na"T ulV0,,.r fSelin«9 for no tob of • f?-m ,ltUe Bertram, with a ton of anger in bis voice. tion'1 ^lanuard warded off their indigna ali'lrfh y,°U fen°ws! It's gospel truth, S tt \'P l°Aa n**}? Point—to where AM ,| V' ]eA a,ft^ fini,W Holy Joe «as J' ,lu andthe vest—well, the rest niwip t L ut 11 wa8 th* "wst horrible finding of J»vT,iTr.ILa88?Ji th">ugh. The dream klm i- fh*', even in a for liaif t uP'_kho 4mpt roe awake i t t r??! Youciujsmay count. (autillvw r'A""??8 ,lf y0U H.ke' b,,t 1 had acc-ivr i didu t sleen again until I 1 icht ind 11 "mi ( tbat the kid was all si iff iV.i,.' llol>;"Joe lay as stark and we laid him iTl^ a# Ue had don* 