IN THE GRIP OF" THE FLAMES SERIOUS OUTBREAK AT YASS. MUCH DAMAGE TO . PROPERTY. LOSS OF STOCK FEARED, l .... Y'ASS, Sunday. — The most destructive bush- fire over experienced in this district swept from the- Cooradlgbeo to tho Murrumbldgco to-day. The fire started, it is supposed; at Barber Bros.' station, and travelled up the river through Ar- thur Swift s property and Robertson s, anil des troyed the hqmestead of tho late, Mr. W. Dawes ana -Mr. 1). M'Klnpon's property.- \- The fire went buck towards the Murrurabidgeo on tho other side, and passed through Lime Park, Livingstone Bros.' Narrungullcn property, Messrs. James Wade's, T. Grace's, P. Grace's, F. W anil C. Iloche's, Cnvan; P. J. Mngcnis, Bloom field; Tnemas station, owned by Sir. A. .Wailc; also tlie same owner's Saitbox sta tion. , Tho latest information states that the fire is within a few yards ot the magnificent Tnemas bridge, on tho road connecting Yass with luinut, and is travelling down the river towards the. other fire. It is supposed that Messrs. J. Tait s. T.. John son's, and other properties arc burnt out. Con-: sidcrahlc difficulty was experienced ill saving slock, and it is estimated that large numbers have been burnt to death. Some exciting fights occurred to save homesteads, und Cavnn wool- shed, a now structure, lilted- with the 'latest machinery. Both were saved after a desperate struggle. . At Saitbox station, Mrs. Wnilo and daughter hail' a very narrow escape from .binning, the ladies being rescued with considerable difficulty. Telephone messages from thu places in jeo pardy called large numbers to- the scene, of tlie fire from Y'ass. At present no accurate estimate of the dam age can' be given, but it is supposed lo lie enor mous. All day the town lias bceu enveloped in thick clouds of sinokc, nml, although miles away, a pungent smell of burning grass is ob- servabje. The latest news reportedHs ' that Cavan homestead is saved, and that the owner is waiting for the wind lo subside to burn a trail around, the liousu ami render it secure. The fire was assisted all (lay by a strong head wind, and it was absolutely Impossible lo light the main blazes with success. Late to-niglit the wind has subsided, and suc cess may now attend the efforts of the fighters. The temperature to-day was 109deg. ill the shade, the greatest heat experienced ill Yuss for many years. It is reported that two men died at Bookhtim trom exposure, but this in formation' lias not been confirmed. The damage to fencing is enormous. 