LATE TELEGRAMS. _ Eden, Tuesday. Nethercote was swept by a de- vastating bush fire on Sunday. The properties of James Love, John Williams, Hugh Kelly and Newlyn were traversed by the flames. Love lost a barn contain- ing farming implements, wagon- nette, harness, also fences, maize, and other crops, and one cow. The house caught alight, but waa saved. An empty house of Love's was destroyed. John Williams lost a house with all its contents. J. Severe lost five tons of wattle bark and the house containing same. Hugh Kelly lost a house and its contents, farming imple- ments, dray, tools, blaeksmith's shop, and contents. Newlyn loet fences and grass, and an orchard was destroyed. The homestead was saved with the greatest diffi culty. The fires burned fiercely on Monday, but the rain last night extinguished them. Two inches of rain have fallen, and it is still raining (9 a.m.) Sydney Tuesday. The steamer DunmQre collided with tlfe naval pinna, ce containing about 75 men in the harbor this morning. Fifteen sailors are miss ing and supposed to be drowned. At Broken Hill yesterday, after the staff had received pay, Beven or eight officials of tho Proprietary Mine were set upon by the crowd. Blows wore dealt out to them, and some were severely punished. A body of police whiah appeared on the scene, were hooted, and mis siles thrown, one large stone strik ing Superintendent Johnson on tlie back. ' Some of the constables also received blows. The police force turned and marched back through the crowd,' some of the officers with hands on their re volvers. This simple demonstra tion awed the mob, and no fnrther violence was offered. Dr. Haynes was called in to attend the injured. An official of the Proprietary Mine essayed to get through the crowd by whom he was surrounded Attempts were made to upset the buggy. The police then tried to make a passage for the doctor, but tho latter was again mobbed and his buggy smashed. A detachment of 30 police left Sydney for Broken Hill last night. The Conference of Premiers to discuss financial matters will take place in March. The Customs and Excise returns for December show a decrease of £2S5,000, compared with December of the previous year. The revenue | for the half-year shows a compara tive shrinkage of £520,600. Further bushfires are reported from many parts of the State, causing extensive damage. The fire raging in tho Yass district has already caused damage to the extent of about £100,000. Many sheep and cattle have perished on the mountains. Sir William Lyne says he will support the Labor Government so long as it continues on the present lines. He declares he could never serve under Joe Cook. With reference to the terrible ac cident in Sydney harbor this morning 15 blue jackets lost their lives. A party of 80 menofwars men left Garden Island for rifle practice at the Randwick rifle range, and were seated in a long boat which was towed by a small launch with the intention of being landed at the man-of-war steps. When within 150 yards of Lady Macquarie's Chair, the South Coast metal steamer Dunmore crushed into the boat. All the men were heavily accoutr ed. The Dunmore struck the boat on the starboard side, cutting her through and causing serious in jury to several men. Two were thrown clear out of the boat, they threw up their hands and almost immediately sank. The majority of the men managed to keep afloat while the steam launch cruised round and picked them up. The Dunmore was towing a boat which was quickly cut loose. Some of the crew went to the assis tance of the drowning men. The collision was noticed from Garden Island, and in less than five minutes a flotilla was afloat rushing to the rescue, the crews displaying marvellous dexterity. In a few minutes it was ascer tained that fifteen men were miss ing. Divers at once commenced the work of searching for the bodies, and soven have now been recovered. Constable Hyde, who was shot at Harrickville, South Australia, died last night without regaining consciousness. A cyclonic storm wrought con siderable damage in the Blayney district on Sunday many buildings being unroofed and shattered. Ernest Green, aged. 35, shed overseer on a station near Uralla, blew his brains out last night at an hotel. Three young men were taken off a dangerous reef in South Austra lia in a state of semi- starvation. They had been left there three weeks ago to gather guano, but those who left them had failed to return. The men managed to liye on shell fish and rock cod. A large fire in Brisbane yester day destroyed the grocery, iron mongery, and bulk stores of J. and T. Heslop. The damages are esti mated at £20,000. 