BUSH FIRES. (BY JOHN O'NIEL, COWRA.) Bush fires have been common throughout the State during the last three weeks, and, of course, the hotter and windier the day the greater the fire. Recent fires have caused consternation in several districts, and losses that in many cases will take years to re- trieve. Homes, fences, crops, stacks, mach- inery, and in some cases live stock were de- stroyed in a few hours. Taking the whole State, it would be probably within the mark to say that the losses total a quarter of a million sterling. In the face of this great national loss It behoves us to seek out some means for minimising this great annual dan- ger, because as surely as the summer months come round so surely do we have bush fires. The measures necessary and advisable may be classified under three heads, viz., legislative municipal, and domestic. An up-to-date Bush Fires Prevention Act is needed. The common wax match should be absolutely prohibited within the State. Local proclamations are not effective. At a recent fire the writer had occasion to ask for matches to light a trail, and was handed a box of wax vestas, notwithstanding that pro- hibition of their use is gazetted within the district. Indiscriminate smoking also re- quires to be dealt with legislatively; it is no uncommon thing to see men smoking in the field when the glass is over 100 in the shade, and it is not too much to ask that they should be required to smoke only at meal times. To contend that there is no danger from a lighted pipe while the smoker is moving about at his work is utter rubbish. Campers and camp- ing places require more vigilant police super- vision. Next we may consider what the law may fairly require of every landowner for the common good. First comes the fire tank, pump and hose, costing about £6. Every landowner should be compelled to have one of these useful appliances; one is as good as 20 men at a fire. In fact, the writer is of opinion it would not be unfair to compel every owner of under 1000 acres to have one cart, and owners of larger areas to have a fire cart for each 1000 acres owned by them. At the present time many large landowners have no cart at all, and there is no question that a large station unequipped is a menace to the smaller settlers all around, especially to wheatgrowers. One fire cart per 1000 acres may be considered too much, but when the saving of fencing is taken into account it is not too much, one cart being equal to extin- guishing about three miles of fencing if ap- plied promptly after a fire is mastered or has passed on. Owners having timbered land should be compelled, on the complaint of an adjoining holder, to clear such boundary for a width of three chains of all dead timber. Some equitable responsibility should be cast on ad- jacent owners to quench burning timber on edges of ground already burnt, and to patrol the edge for, say, 14 days. This is neces- sary to prevent fresh outbreaks. There is little doubt that Cowra's big fire occurred through neglect in this respect. Shire coun- cils should be empowered to subsidise the es- tablishment of bush fire brigades. A great deal has yet to be learned as to how best to deal with a large bush fire, and without doubt the brigade system may be made the best educative medium. Undoubtedly organised effort in bush-fire fighting would be just as effective as in other walks of life. Councils could also do good work by having dead tim- ber burned on roads where such roads would servw as fire breaks. Another matter that councils might consider is the advisability of purchasing a number of hose tanks for dis- tribution in centres of population throughout thw shire. There are many lorries, delivery carts, waggonettes, etc., about a township whose owners would be willing to take a tank on board and proceed to a fire. This could be made a valuable source of aid, and should be organised. Lorries and carts are usually yoked up, and thus could make good speed to a fire. Shire engineers might bear In mind that water on tap- and a big tap too- is very useful. WHAT MAY BE DONE AT HOME. This probably is the most important to the individual farmer, and as one who has given the matter some thought, especially since getting a slight scorch some few days ago, I wish to place my views before my fel- low landowners. in the first place, I would say, look at your own farm. How would it stand on a bad hot windy day. A hot windy day from the north or west is the day to provide against. You may feel quite safe on a nice cool day, like Christmas Day, but what about the two previous Tuesdays? We shall have some similar days yet this summer. Do you have a look around on such a day, and make a note for next summer. Now for my notes. The home, the keystone, no inflammable ma- terial should be permitted within three chains on the north and west of dwellings. If grass is growing plough it up in the spring, and keep cultivated, or sow some corn; if crop, cut it early for hay, and plough the ground. If there is a paddock of grass to the north or west put all the sheep in it after shearing. This plan saved me some money recently. The fire went out on reach- ing this paddock. If possible provide a water supply at the homestead, have it on tap, and see that there is a good largo tap fixed so that the water carts can back right in and fill quickly. Make the home safe, you will then be free to fight the enemy else- where. On the farm the boundary should receive attention. If timbered, try and arrange with your neighbour to clear a strip of five chains of all dead timber, and plough a fire break. This is especially necessary on the north and west boundaries of all holdings. A ploughed firebreak may not stop a fire on a bad windy day, but on such a day it would serve to burn a trail back from. A plan which the writer intends to adopt is to sow an early maturing wheat, say Comeback, on the boundary, and cut It early for hay. By stooking it half a chain from the fence and crop respectively, ploughing or cultivating could be easily done in two strips, one near the fence, the other next the crop. The ground should be rolled, and the binder set low to reduce stubble. On large estates narrow paddocks could profitably be laid off in suitable positions, and planted with corn or lucerne, or sown early for hay, and part of the paddock ploughed after reaping. Corn or fallow is probably the best firebreak of all. Every farmer should provide himself with one or more fire carts. They are un- equalled for putting out a running fire, quenching burning timber, and saving fenc- ing. The Sydney-made firefighters are the best, for the reason that being made for one purpose only they would probably be al- ways full, and ready to proceed to a fire immediately. This is of prime importance, because the first half-hour after a fire starts is the time to get at It. Nevertheless, a good serviceable cart can be obtained on most farms. The tank pump, with air cham- ber and hose, is needed in the first place. Almost anything on wheels will do to fix it up on; nothing is better than a spring dray or cart. The old back delivery reaper can be turned into a very good water cart. Old strippers can likewise be converted, by re- moving the body and adjusting the front of swivel wheel in the centre. A supply cart to replenish fire tanks is very useful, much valuable time being lost when fire carts have to leave the scene of a fire, and travel any distance to refill. Every fire cart should have an axe, shovel, iron rake, and torch for burning trails. One made out of twisted fencing wire left open at one end to secure bagglng would be a handy and effective tool for burning trails. One of the chief mis- takes at the recent Cowra fire was delay- ing too long the burning of counter breaks. Breaks take some time to burn, and just here the bush fire brigades could engage in some effective practice; there is some skill re- quired in burning a trail quickly in heavily grassed country. 