CROP AND STOCK STATISTICS REPORTS PROM VARIOUS DIS- TRICTS. The Government Statistician, Mr. Mal- colm A. C. Fraser has received the follow- ing reports in connection with the collec- tion of the crop and stock statistics: From Inspector T. C. Holmes, at Bun- bury, by Constable J. Poyser ; from Sub- Inspector J. Duncan, at Menzies, by Con- stables J. Williams, D. Hunter, E. Allan, and M. Tuohy ; and from Constable H. G. Jones, at Wagin, by Constable A. Wilson. Bunbury. Constable Poyser writes:-"I respect- fully report, for the information of the Government Statistician, having collected the crop and stock returns for Busselton district, an area of about 100 x 100 miles, the greater portion consisting of large leasehold areas recently reduced in size by new selectors, who invariably say that they are well satisfied with their home- steads and their future prospects. The whole district is accessible by good roads. The new railway just completed, con- necting Busselton with Nannup, 40 miles inland, is certain to benefit the inland portion of this district in many ways, as a great deal of farm produce will be required to supply local demands at the timber mill, now being erected. Stock owners have, as usual, removed their stock from inland to their coastal runs, chiefly owing to scarcity of feed, or to the prevalence of rickets, caused by eat- ing the weil-known zamia palm. Karri- dale has the highest record of rainfall in this State during 1908, which is 4,719 points, being 288 points higher than the previous year. Busselton and inland re- gistered 3,335 points, being 856 points nigher than the previous year. Cape Naturaliste registered 3,132 points, being 133 points below the previous year's rain- fall, and Cape Leeuwin registered 3,577 points, being 48 points below the previous year's register. It is to be regretted that most of the rain fell during winter, as the past summer has been a remark- ably dry one, which may to some extent account for the heavy losses in cattle, that have died from a disease known as "dry paunch" or "enlarged gall," and rickets. The oaten hay crops this year have in most cases yielded satisfactory returns; very few farmers grow any wheat in this district. The potato crops were exceptionally good last year, and keen competition amongst the growers was caused by the prizes offered at the National Show held at Busselton, and many farmers not only raised heavier crops, ranging from 7 to 10 tons per acre., but benefited, some to the extent of £20 in prizes won at the Show. The orchards have given very satisfactory returns in all cases, but thc growers' complaint is that they are unable to dispose of fruit at satisfactory prices, consequently a good deal of marketable fruit ls wasted. One farmer only made an attempt to make ensilage, and he was very well rewarded for doing so. The advancement of this district may be gauged and is proved by the fact that the butter factory returns for 1908 are considerably above those of the previous year, notwithstanding the exceptionally dry summer during 1908. ln reference to sheep, there are not many settlers who have gone in for sheep breeding. The wool clip this year has, however, been so satisfactory that a very great deal of ringbarking has been done recently by settlers who intend giving sheep a trial on a larger scale in future. One farmer lost 30 sheep through blow- flies, but saved the remaining 20 by using Cooper's dip. There is an increase in the number of sheep compared with the previous returns for this district, and settlers have much confidence in their future prospects as regards wool growing and sheep breeding. Only one experi- ment, has so far been tried Angoa goats, which was not a success; but other cross breds thrive very well." Davyhurst. Constable J. Williams writes:-"The rainfall in the Davyhurst district for 1908 was exceptionally good, and pro- duced grass in abundance. Wild turkeys ducks, and also, unfortunately, rabbits. are numerous. Stock is on the increase through the copious rainfall and abun- dant grass, and consequently there was no loss of stock through drought. Seve- ral fresh applications also have been made for new pastoral leases." Leonora. Constable D. Hunter writes:-"I beg to report that during the year 1908 the rainfall for the Leonora police district (statistical area 43) was one of the lowest experienced for many years, and although no great loss of stock was incurred through the drought, the condition of stock in general was very low, and own- ers had to be constantly watching and shifting them about to prevent less. Feed for the first six months of the year was very fair, and there were slight rains in April and May, but being so late in the year they did very little good. Water in this district is always plentiful, as breeders of slock have a good supply of wells and windmills, and in most places water is obtained at a depth of 50 or 60 feet or even less. Horse breeding is receiving more attention, and but for the dry season would have shown a substan- tial increase on previous years. I expect next year, however, to report good re- sults. Cattle breeding is on the same level as other years, and there is no sheep breeding worth speaking of. The return in calf camels was larger than the previous year's. The seasons do not ap- pear to make any difference to this class of stock. Whilst the collection was be- ing taken in January a fall of over five inches of rain was recorded in this dis- trict, which did a wonderful amount of good. At the present time grass is plen- tiful and stock in good condition, and so far the year 1909 promises to be a good one. There is no agriculture in this district, except a little market garden- ing. Poultry farming is carried on with moderate success." Mt. Margaret. Constable E. Allan writes:-"The sea- son for 1908 has been a very poor one indeed in the Mt. Margaret district. The rainfall was very small during, the year, consequently feed (particularly grass) was scarce, the stock having to subsist on mulga, saltbush. etc. There has not been any increase of stock during the year. There has been a slight de- crease, if anything, a number of the old stock dying off, they not being able to withstand the drought. For the last three years the seasons have been very poor in this district, consequently the stock have not flourished as well as they would have done had the seasons been otherwise. The present year 1909 will be, to all appearances, considerably better than the three preceding years, as there was a splendid rainfall of over four inches in January last ; it was the break- up of the drought. There was great mor- tality amongst the stock when the rain came; about 150 head of cattle and about 200 head of small stock perished for want of feed and the cold. At the present time the country is looking well. There is plenty of feed about, and the stock are all in good condition. If there is a continuance of good seasons, there will be a large increase of stock in this district." To the foregoing report Constable M. Tuohy adds:-"Rabbits and wild dogs are becoming numerous in this district, especially the latter." Williams. Constable A. Wilson writes:-"I have to report having completed the collection of statistical returns for the Williams sub-district for the year 1908-09. It will be noticed that there is a considerable in- crease in the number of persons making returns since the previous year. I am sorry to report that the crops generally were much below the average yield , only in very rare cases was there found a de- cent crop, and then it was mostly on small areas. The poor crops were mostly attributable to the very severe frosts during the winter, and afterwards there was very little rain. In some parts of the district there were 18 consecutive frosts, which were so severe that in many places the leaves of the red gum trees were killed, in fact patches of dead leaves could be noticed all through the forests. I expect a very large in- crease in the area under crop this year, judging by the areas cleared, I should say that it will amount to thousands of acres. The stock in the district look very well, especially the sheep. Once the poison is cleared, Williams appears to be specially adapted for sheep- raising and wool-growing. I have never seen better fleeces in any of the States than I have seen on the sheep in this district. Speak- ing generally, I have no hesitation in saying that in the near future Williams will be one of the most solid places in the State." Subiaco. Sergeant McAtee, reporting on the col- lection recently completed in the vicinity of Subiaco by Constable Drysdale, states : " I find, on comparing the returns with those of last year, the following results:-There has been a slight decrease of land under crop, under fruit, and under hay. As re- gards stock, horses, sheep, and goats have increased to a small extent, whilst cattle, owing to one big dairy herd having been sold, have consequently decreased, as also has the number of pigs. Poultry, in- cluding ducks and turkeys, show a substan- tial increase. No new industries were started during 1908." West Perth. Constable W. former reports as follows : " I respectfully report that I have com- pleted the collection of industrial, crop, and stock statistics for 1908 for that portion of West Perth which lies north of the rail- way line, also checked the electoral rolls for portion of the West Perth, North Perth, and Balkatta electorates fo rthe Legislative Assembly, and portions of the Metropolitan and Metropolitan-Suburban Provinces for Legislative Council. There are a good num- ber of market gardeners (mostly Chinese) in this district, with holdings ranging from one to six acres each. The returns from this source are much the same as for last year. A great many of them complain that they have suffered considerable loss in their production of fruit and vegetables, and attri- bute it to the deep sewerage scheme which has been in progress in this district during the year. The return of horses is also much the same as that of last year. Seventeen deaths look place among this stock, which some of the owners attribute to the in- fluenza which was prevalent during the year. The number of fowls is in excess of that of last year, but a great many of the owners complain of having suffered a loss with their poultry owing to the tick pest which js prevalent in some portions of this district, lt is hard to get a correct return of the profit or production derived from the poultry, as the majority of the people whom I visited do not trouble about keeping a record of the profit made from them. While engaged collecting the statistics in general I may state that I received the information required with great courtesy and in a cheerful manner from all those people whom I had occasion to visit, and if I be permitted I desire to thank them for it." Mt. Barker. Constable McNamara, reporting on the Mt. Barker sub-district, writes :- I have to report having completed a tour of this sub- district, including. Mt. Barker, Frankland, and Gordon Rivers, Cranbrook, Tenterden, and the Salt River. Settlement is steadily advancing throughout the districts named, but more especially westwards from the G.S. railway, and also in the Salt River dis- trict, where large holdings are the rule. Large quantities of substantial sheep-proof fencing are being erected everywhere throughout the district. It is noticeable that a large number of holders now own small flocks of sheep, upon land which a few years ago only carried a few head of large stock. All stock are in good con- dition, owing to the pastures keeping fairly green this summer. The mortality among lambs was very great this season, in a few instances reaching to 50 per cent., owing to the heavy frost, which froze the lambs after being dropped, and also to the weak con- dition of the ewes on account of the back- ward state of the pastures at lambing time. The crops are about up to the average of previous years. The frosts destroyed a large percentage of the early stone fruit this year, but the apple crop is a heavy one and the fruit of excellent quality. The area under fruit trees in the Mt. Barker district is extending rapidly, especially the area under apples. The actual yields al- most invariably exceed the estimates given to the collector, and no allowance is made for damage to crops by stock, etc., which is frequently the case among the smaller holders. The prospects of the district generally are very good." Broomehill. Constable D. Stevens, reporting on the Broomehill sub-district, writes:-"I report having completed collecting agricultural and pastoral returns on March 17 for this sub- district. Crops this year have not been as good as usual. East of Broomehill there is some splendid land for wheat-growing; the average in that portion of the dis- trict is about 18 bushels of wheat and 25 bushels of oats per acre. West of the rail- way line the crops are very bad; In some cases, as around Tambellup, the farmers did not even get their seed back. They, state the cause of failure to be frost, but anyone wlio saw these farms would pro- bably say that the ground had not been properly ploughed. Stock is increasing this year; 77,784 sheep were shorn, giving a re- turn of 746,167lb. of wool. This sub-district should in the course of a few years contain a considerable number of small sheep sta- tions. The stock has lately greatly im- proved in quality, as some splendid dairy cows have been imported, and also some very valuable sheep. Fruitgrowing this year has, unfortunately, not been very suc- cessful, as the heavy frosts cut a great quantity of the fruit off. Taking it all round, this has been a disastrous year for the small farmers, especially as they now have no mallet bark trade to fall back on in the off-season, and consequently some of the smaller farms are for sale. In some cases several of these smaller holdings are being amalgamated into sheep runs." Coolgaidie, etc. Constable F. W. Chandler writes :-" I have to report having collected the stock and crop statistics in Coolgardie, Boorabbin, WooIgangie, Dedari, Bulla Bulling, Calooli, and portions of Bonnie Vale. The stock throughout this district was generally in good condition, not from the amount of grass available, which is naturally scarce, but from the plentiful supply of nutritious shrubs, viz., saltbush, camelbush, and vari- ous other kinds, which stock do well on. The rainfall for 1908, 1.070 points, was well up to that of 1907, 1,185 points; but, un- fortunately, the fall here is not sufficiently evenly distributed to give the district the full benefit of the amount. In the early part of the season, for instance, there generally is a heavy downpour, then no more for a considerable time, consequently little good is derived from it either for grass or cultivation. Several persons have large dairy herds in this district, who would no doubt do well were the grass sufficient or the shrubs of a better milk-producing quality. As it is, they heve to hand-feed their milch cows, which is very expensive, to get anything like a sufficient supply of milk for the numerous consumers. The returns show a gradual increase in cattle, which will necessitate owners taking up more land with a view of fencing for gra- zing and cultivation purposes. Loss of stock through disease : I think I am right in saying that there has been practically none, with the exception, perhaps, of a few pigs. In this case, fortunately, the health authorities promptly took the matter up in its early stages, and apparently completely checked the mortality. The crops through out the district for last year were only very moderate, owing, no doubt, to the un- seasonable rains. But for the present year many farmers are launching out on a larger scale, and are putting several hundreds of acres of land under cultivation. If, then hopes are realised as regards seasonable rains they should be well repaid for their labours, as it is generally recognised that given the rain when required the soil is good enough for any- thing. I have to state that there in a considerable decrease in camels owing to the opening of the Norseman rail- way, the consequent cheapeneing of freights having caused camel owners to send their teams either to out-back settlements or to the North-West. This makes a considerable difference to the revenue of the district, through the loss of licence fees. Goats show a heavy decrease, especially in Cool- gardie itself where many residents keep flocks of them, both for meat and milking purposes, varying from a dozen to 200 heads. Owing to the Municipal Council having decided to levy a rate of 3s. 8d. per head in lieu of 6d. as hitherto-a decision whjch has caused much unfavourable com- ment—many persons have preferred to dis- pose of their goats rather than pay the in- creased tax. In this district and on the fields generally poultry- keeping appears to be a very unprofitable pursuit, as there is so much disease of various kinds to contend with such as roup, consumption of the throat, scaly legs, etc., but, worst of all, the dreaded tick, which, unfortunately, has got a tremendous hold, and which it seems impossible to exterminate. In consequence many persons who take pleasure in trying to raise fowls are compelled lo give it best, on account of this terrible scourge, which kills fine healthy birds in about three nights by absolutely draining the blood out of them. Fowl food also is very costly here. Turkeys appear to be equally unprofitable, as they require a good deal of attention, are very hard to rear, and expensive to feed." Gingin. Constable S. Pimblett, reporting on the Gingin sub-district, writes:-"I have to re- port having completed the crop and stock statistics in this sub- district, which includes Gingin, Gingin Brook, Yanchep Caves, Moore River, Wannamal, Bindoon, Chitter- ing, Lower Chittering, and Muchea. From observations and information supplied by settlers the present season would appear to have been not so good as the previous one. The cereal and hay crops show a slight de- crease on last season's figures. This is attributable to the heavy frosts experienced in the latter part of July and early in August; in fact, the frost was so severe as to injure red-gum saplings. They also inter- fered with the yield of potatoes, in some cases the crop being an entire failure, and in most others only half the average yield. The orange crop this season was not so pro- lific, but the quality was of first-class order. Stone fruit was practically a failure, the cause of which is not known. There is no material Increase of stock, the settlers having had no grass to spare, owing to frosts. The condition of the stock, taken right throughout the district, is fairly satis- factory, and theyield of wool up to the average. Wild-dogs have played great havoc with sheep in the Wannamal district. In a radius of five miles as many as 450 deaths of sheep can be traced to their depredations. A reward of £10 was offered by stock own- ers who so suffered for one particular dog, and I am pleased to report that it was cap- tured by a cunningly-laid trap by one of the parties offering the reward. Bush-fires have been very much in evidence this sea- son, but only in places where they have done a vast amount of good, the benefit of which will be reaped in the coming season. There are a few more settlers in the district than there were last season, and I anticipate that in the near future a lot more will come along, as the Midland Railway Company ls throwing open about 60,000 acres at an early date. I am indebted to the courtesy of the settlers for obtaining all information re- quired, but at the same time have to point out that in few, if any, instances are regu- lar stock accounts, etc., kept." Roebourne. Sergeant Pilmer writes:-"Under separate cover I have the honour to forward stock returns for Roebourne, Cossack, Tableland, and Whim Creek sub-districts. During the year (1908) only a very moderate season was experienced, and in some places the absence of rain was sorely felt, resulting in losses during lambing. However, during this year splendid results, so far as increases are concerned, are assured, as bountiful rains have fallen almost throughout the whole of the Roebourne police district, and with a few inches of rain during the months of May or June, which may be confidently an- ticipated, a record season is almost a cer- tainty. Feed and water are now abundant, and stock are fat." 