DEVASTATING BUSH FIRES Destruction of Live Stock, Crops, and Houses. Miles of Country on Fire. A telegram from Albury states that on Tuesday a bush fire extended rapidly from Grerogery to the Tabletop Moun- tains, close to the Murray River, sweep- ing all before it. Gerogery East station was devastated, and it was only with difficulty the homestead was saved. A fire-break was burned around the house, and as the roaring flames came up, fire carts pumped water all around with such good effect that, although the blaze got to the garden fence the homestead was not touched. As many sheep and cattle as could be mustered were driven on to the road. But the men who have ridden round the paddocks say that there will be a big loss of stock. Many of the station hands had narrow escapes from death. As the fire rushed southwards a mob of cattle raced before the flames until them came to a fence. The terrified animals then stam- peded back through the line of fire, and many were badly burnt. Tabletop station, owned by Mr Jas. Mitchell, was also caught by the flames, but the homestead and haystacks were saved. The fire burned on from Tabletop to- wards Bowna, passing through the pro- perty of O. J Hoare, who is a heavy loser. The fire burned right to his orchard, and It was with great difficulty the house was saved. No feed remains for the sheep that escaped Geoffrey Harper's paddocks were swept clean. This is a particularly hard case. Har- per had been unfortunate for some years, but hoped this year to secure a good re- turn from a nice crop, all of which was destroyed, whilst not a blade of grass was left for his sheep. J. P. Smithen- becker lost 600 acres of grass and some sheep. The township of Bowna was saved by Bowna Creek, which checked the flames. The fire, however, spread through the adjoining farms, which comprise some of the best wheat-land in Riverina. All telephones are down, so that communica- tion is difficult; but late advices report that the fire is still raging. The fire crossed to the west side of Sydney-road, near Plunkett's place, into the paddock of Mr. J. M'Brian. The destruction of all grass and fencing ensued, and M'Brian's house was with difficulty saved. The lire crossed to Cumberoona, travel- ling swiftly towards Wagra Ranges. Ex- tensive damage was done by the fire on Mullengandra side Mr. Tom Mullavey was completely burned out, and lost about 50 acres of crop. A brick dwelling-house, untenanted, was demolished by the flames. Mrs. M. Mullavey, of Green Vale, sustained heavy losses. Seven hundred acres of grass were burned, and 100 acres of crops. The wool-shed and wool press, drafting yards for sheep and cattle, and a building used as a blacksmith's shop were reduced to ashes. Bert. Mitchell, whose property is near Sweetwater Creek, sustained loss of all grass except that in the homestead paddock. The follow- ing lost all the grass on their properties :—George Coleman, D. M'Leish, and Messrs. Heckle and Brown. Henry Thompson, of Mullengandra, lost his house, wolshed, buggyshed, stable, sulky, and harness; in fact, it was a complete burn-out, including all his grass and fences, and many sheep. The damage, without stock, is estimated at over £600. In every case heavy losses are involved In the destruction of fences. It is esti- mated that thousands of miles of wire netting have been destroyed. The track of country along which the fire travelled has been literally cleared of grass and timber, and thousands of rabbits have been roasted. Yesterday morning the fire was burn- ing fiercely on Bowna Station towards Benanbra. E. Palmer, Upper Murray mail coach driver, who arrived in Albury this morning, had a trying experience. When coming through the fire near Wagga the district was literally envelop- ed in smoke and the heat was almost un- bearable. Corigan's property at Wagra had been burned, though the fire had pased Cumberona. Mrs F. H. Hore's property narrowly escaped, but the re- serve adjoining had been swept by the flames. At Fowler's swamp, W. Squires' property was burned clean out, only buildings being saved. Messrs Gain Bros, have lost a lot of grass and fenc- ing. Pat. Hore's Mugwee property was completely burned out, and part of John Hore's Fairmont property at Wagra was on fire yesterday morning. A thunderstorm occurred at Jindera on Tuesday. After a vivid flash of light- ning the grass in Mr Yensch's paddock was noticed to be alight. Prompt efforts to check the outbreak were made, but the blaze was not extinguished before about 100 acres of grass had been destroyed. 