EffiAT, ST0KMS, AM) FIEES Svdnev. Jannarv 4. The heat wave prevailing over the State affected Sydney yesterday, and resulted in the unusually high registration of 101 deg. In the suburbs as high &b; 113 deg. wafe re gistered. At Bourke yesterday the weather was the hottest on record, 125 in the shade being registered. The lowest reading there for the day was 114 deg. The most destructive bush fire ever experienced in the Yass dis trict sweut from Cooradigbee to Murrum bidgee yesterday. The fire started at Messrs. Barber Bros.' station, and travelled up the rier through Mr. A. Swift's pro perty and Mr, Robertson's, destroying the homestead of the late Mr. W. Davis. From Mr. D. McKinnon's property the fire wpnt back towards Murrumbidgee on the other side, passed through Lime Park, and the properties of Messrs. Livingstone Bros, James Wade. T. Grace, P. Jenner, F. W. Roche, Cavan, and A, J. Maginess, Talmas station (owned by Mr. A. Wade). The latest information states that the fire is within a few yards of the magnificent Talmas-bridge, on the road connecting Yass with Tumut, and is travelling down the river towards, the other fire; Considerable difficulty wtis experienced in saving the stock, and large numbers of them have been burnt to death. Some ex citing fights occurred to save homesteads. The damage is believed to be enormous. All day Yass has been enveloped in thick clouds of smoke. It i9 reported that two men have died from the heat. Bush fires swept the country to the west and south of Nowra to-day, and a number of settlers were burnt out. The town had a narrow escape, and the settlers on the new Government sub-division had to fight heroically to save their homes, which were alight several times. The flames spre.:d with alarming rapidity, and considerable damage was done to fencing, sheds, grass, and Crops. Fearing for the safety of the town, the police had the firebell rung, and all the inhabitants turned, out to fight the flames. Fire breaks were started as the most effective means. of stopping the pro gress of the flames, and after a time these proved successful. The fire had a front of several miles, and was under control, when a southerly sprang up and the flames broke through the fiTe breaks. Eventually, however, the wind died down, and the work of extinction proceeded more rapjdly. Fires in the direction of Parma, Bengi lala. and Falls Creek have h:id even more disastrous results. Mr. H. Bowen's Parma property was partly destroyed, while Messrs. Kingston's and Flynn's residences a( Falls Creek were destroyed. The Fall's Creek church was burnt, and serious damage done to the properties of Messrs. J. H. Purnett, P. Monaghan, and 0. J. Beckett. Several residents rushed into Nowra for shelter. The main south coast road is blocked by fires, and several persons spending holidays at Jervis Bay find it im possible to return. At Tomerong disastrous fires are also blazing, and three settlers are reported to have lost their homes and all their be longings. A windstorm of cyclonic character was responsible for considerable destruction of town property at Blayney to-day. The weather had been oppressive during the day, a strong hot wind filling the atmos phere with dust. In the afternoon a thunderstorm worked up, and the wind in creased in violence. After a few drops of rain the storm came with a roar, accom panied by the crash of falling buildings. 'Fortunately the storm could be heard, coming for fully a mile, and the residents were enabled to take cover, which ac counted for the almost complete absence of injuries. Approaching the town the wind seemed to divide, one part striking west and the other east of the town. Several valuable buildings on the show ground ' were wrecked, the poultry pavilion completely collapsing, and the horse sheds and the main pavilion being unroofed-. Verandahs, sheds, and fences were levelled in all direc tions. The immense iron roof on Mr. Bul lock's produce store was lifted bodily and dronned a&ain; onlv a few inches out of plumb. The roof of Mr. Young's store was carried away and deposited on the roof of the adjoining premises, while sheets of gal vanized iron were hurled through the air for a quarter of a mile in some cases. A young man, Mervyn Wiiittaker, was struck on- the head by flying glass and severely cut. A vein was severed, and he almost bled to death. Other residents had narrow escapes. Yass (N.S.W.), January 4. The latest particulars from the scene of the bueh fires confirm tbe gravest fears of Yass j-eople. The mountains beyond the little river are a seething mass of name, de fying the efforts of the fire- fighters to ap proach, much less attack it. The losses are estimated at over £100,000. Mr. John Mit chell's house, sheds, and grass on Buck mundoon have been utterly destroyed. Tens of thousands of sheep from other parts are at present grazing on leased land in these mountains, and the losses must be | enormous. One picnic party from Yass had an excit ing experience, girls and men having to. wade in the river to escape destruction. A fishing party also had a narrow escape. They had to abandon camp and vehicle i and flee for their lives for three miles, while | the sulky and camp was completely de stroyed. Another fire is raging in the vicinity of Barren Jack. Mr. J.' C. Wade is one ol the biggest losers, his house, grass, sheds, and fence having been burned completely away, while his wife and family had to be carried j but into the garden and enveloped in wet I blankets, which had to be soaked every ; few minutes. The roar of 'the flames could i be heard distinctly eight miles away, and such dense clouds of smoke enveloped the town that it was impossible to see more than a couple of hundred yards. . . Melbourne, January 4. A violent north-west gale struck the city at ' half-past 8 o'clock yoaterdav morning. The storm brought thick cloaaa of dual, ^rhicht sweeping &m.; Sfe* Bay, prerehted some of the jteamer* .coming Mp^ttfip jj&SK; ing any distance in front of them. The Loongana, earning in from LaunceotonT bad just arrived, off Williamstown. The at mosphere was so thick with dust that the captam. was unable to~«ee ahead 'and dropped, both anchors; Tbe Sussex, from London, encountered th«. storm before reaching Hobson's Bay, and the captain had to let go both anchors. A few seconds afterwards the squall struck the .ehip, swept off her awnings, &nd; smashed an awning spar. The storm rooted one of the beacons out of the rocks just- it the mouth of the Yarra, smash.ng it off like a carrot. At the time the big White Star liner Per «ic was lying on the ieeside of Port Mel bourne pier about 40 ft. out of water. Sbe waa held oh by 12 Manila and three wire ropes. The storm struck her right on the side, drove her out, and caused tier to carry away three pile3 astern. One of them Was carried 30 ft. up in the air and f#ll with a report like a cannon. The steamer swung hi front of the gale, with her nose holding on by the bow lines. The strain on the piles war too much and she parted al togetht*. The captain, seeing what- was evidently coming, had her anchors in readi. ness and when the steamer broke away be let both bo. Sunday a windstorm was widespread, and caused a good deal of damage to nouses and trees. Several parties of. amateur fisher men were caught in the &tonn;, and had u trying experience. One party was rescued in the nick of time by a yacht taking their boat in tow. Camps on the shores of the bay were blown away, the belongings of the campers being scattered in all directions. Melbourne, January 5. A serious bushfire occurred at Camper down on Monday. It first started in an 800-acre pauaock, and spread, with great rapidity. Nearly the whole of the pad dock was swept as wag also a farm ad joining. Mr. W. Everett's house, a three roomed structure, was razed to the ground, the furniture and about £17 in cash be ing consumed. A fowlhouse, a pigstye, and a shed in which there were three dogs, were consumed. dogSj poultry, and pigs all' being roasted alive^ The fire burnt right to the edge of Lake Corangamite,- and it is estimated that 5,000 acres were destroyed. „ Wilmington, January 4. A terrific hot wind prevailed on Saturday, and was followed at nightfall by a thunder, storm. Lightning started a fire in the hundred of Gregory, and 500 acres of grass were burned. Messrs. D. George, E. J. Hampel, and J. Hampel being the principal sufferers. Volunteers battled with the fire all night, and just managed to avert damage to the crops and homesteads. The outbreak is now extinguished. Little rain has fallen here. Hergott, January 4. A heat wave was experienced here on ?Friday, Saturday, and Sunday. At times the shade temperature was 116 deg., while the glass registered 110 deg, at mid night on Saturday. There were severe gales yesterday, and this morning the roof of a railway cottage and part of the back verandah of the police station were car ried away by the storm. A strong wes terly wind has been blowing to-day, and tlhe weather was much cooler. ' 