LOCAL AND GENERAL. Cuubch of England. — Services ;on Sunday next will be as follows :— Naran- dera, 8 a.m., 11 a.m., and 8 p.in. ; Mpr uudab, y. a.m. ; Gillenbab, 3.30 p.m. Presbyterian Ciujrch. — Services next Sunday will be ae follows : — Darlington Point (Communion) 3 p.m. ; Whitton 8 p.m., Rev. G. Reid. Cowabee 10.30 a.m., Varanrinva R ti in TIT*. H TYTtnliirt MEtnomsT Uhubch. — Services oa Sun day next, December 5th, will be con ducted as follows: — Narandera, 11 a.m. ; Mr. W. Glasgow. Brobenab, 10 a.m. ; Colinroobie, 1.30 p.m. ; Narandera, 7.30 p.m. ; Kev. L. Wilson. Architect's Announcement.— Mr. H. C. Hind, who superintended the erec tion of St. Mel's Catholic Church, and who designed and is superintending the erection of the new Murrumbidgee Hotel for Mr. D. M. McLeish, announces that he intends practicing his profession as architect and building surveyor in Narandera. Eclipse or the Moon. — A total eclipse of the moon was visible in these lati tudes laet Saturday night. . The moon rose totally eclipsed but a bank of cloud obscured t)ie sight until nearly1 8 o'clock, by which time the moon had emerged from the shadow of the earth. The last contact with the shadow took place at 8.36 p.m.,' and the last contact with the penumbra at 9.38 p.m. ; the final stages. of the phenomenon being clearly visible here. . . West's PicruiiJis.— West's seem to be unfortunate in their Narandera visits, their motor giving tliein a considerable amount of trouble last Friday night, and interfering to a large extent with The management explained £hat during the ..week an cx|-crt clectripq} engineer: would overhaul . the engine, and iy. thoroughly competent man will be hi charge this evening, when an attractive series of biograph films will be shown. livsft Piee near LocKifACT. — The bush fire observable from Narandera un Saturday afternoon last broke out on the Boree Creek road on North Brookong. The lire spread rapidly until it readied the newly constructed formation of the Boree Creek railway, at which point its progress was checked, though it had a spread of about -i miles. About 6000 acres of grass aud a great deal of fencing was burned ; while the crop and dwelling of Mr. T. Wilson were saved by the heroic efforts of the bushfire brigade and MeEsrs. Carroll Bros. Light.— The ratepayers of Naraudcia are to be afforded yet another opportun ity of hearing of the benefits of a public lipllt.illtf SPlimnn. Dnrimrf l.o i^qcf flfl/im. years the question periodically crops up, and for a few weeks after each spasm the unsophisticated resident really gets a sort of impression that something is about to be done. After the enthusiasm of the moment has worn off, the question is again relegated to the shades until resuscitated by some trifling incident or extraneous circumstance. On Monday night next the ratepayers are again invited to listen to a disquisition on the benefits of electric light from Mr.E. P. Hollingdale, ? the representative of Messrs. Noyes Bros. ; the obiect of the meeting presumably being to reverse the decision in favor of gas arrived at last year, so that Messrs. Noyes Bros, may be Utiutod to Hie pleasui'e of com piling estimates for an electric installa tion ; vhjch will doubtless be 'referred to the lighting Committee' with the usual results. Arrears of . Bates.— -R,Rtepayors in arrears are reminded 'that after' tlio 1st December ell arrears owing to the Mun icipal Council will be put into the hiiiids of the Borough Solicitor for collection. ' RIFLE CLUB. — Besides the conclusion ul' the. trophy shooting (dotailsof which arc published elsewhere in this issue), some practice was done during the woek ; the scores being:— Saturday, 508 yards— G. Clark 30, N. Dalley 30, S. Mulh'olland 23, J. G. Hufton 13; Wednesday, 500 and 600 yards— E. Ford 28 and 1?, J. G. Hufton 32 and 14, W. Dalley 18 and 17. Sydney College of Music. — At the examination in theory held at the Nar andera Council Chambers on Saturday, October 9th., all of the candidates who presented themselves were successful.. Following are the names and grades:— Intermediate, Annie Hutchinson and Mary MvMahon. Juniur, Eileen Win nacott andTheresa'Storrier. Initiatory, Marjorie Toohey. Cancellation of Cheap Excursion to Melbourne.— The Railway Department announces that the cheap excursion train shown on handbills and posters to leave Sydney for Melbourne at .3.55 p.m. on Tuesday, December 14th, will not now run, and no cheap tickets will, therefore, be issued to Melbourne at any station in connection with this excursion. . Association Cricket.— The B and C teams commence the third niatcb in the second round of the Association com petition to-morrow on the Park Oval. The teams will be selected from the following:— B team — Austin, Hensliaw, Keats, Oldhain, Shaw, Talbot, Mclntyre, Stewart, , Lethbridge, Whittaker, and' Mackenzie. C team— Baruett, Bourne,; Freeman, ' A. Bullivant, Hargrave, Nichol, Robertson, A. Roach, Valery, W ? T?j-*r»Mi \7 i^nr-lVtlorinVia an/4 IVintom The Season.— So far the summer has not been oppressively hot, though some warm days have been experienced. The grass has dried off quickly, but is stil abundant. Havesting is now in full swine, aud good returns of wheat of fair sample a:e reported. Outbreaks of fire have been of frequent occurrence, tue most serious during the past week being one on Berrembed Station, which is stated to have covered about. 4000 acres. A fire also occurred on Tuesday on a homestead selection at Gillenbah, about fifty acres of grass being lost. WEDDING.— On Wednesday last, at St. Thomas1 Church of England, the Rev. J. Rawling celebrated the marriage of Mr. Tom Beaumont, of Darlington Point, and Miss Eva Milthorpe, fourth daughter of Mrs F. Milthorpe, of Somerset. Narandera. The service was fully choral. The bride was attended by her sisters, Misses Annie and Mary Milthorpe, and her niece, Miss Gladys Milthorpo ; while the bridegroom was supported by Messrs. Robert and David Milthorpe. Mr. C. W. Milthorpe, of Argooji, eldest brother of the bride, gave her away. After tho ceremony the wod ding breakfast was held in tho Parish Hall, at which1 about forty guests attendi.Nl. Mr. am' JUrf. Beaumont left in tin; afternoon for the Blue Mountains, where tho honeymoon is to bo spent. JlicvcLK llo.ii- Uace. — The second bicycle road race promoted by Messrs. Gordon Bros., the local agents for the Massuy-lliirrii:' Cycle Co., was run on Wednesday afternoon and was witnessed by a. large number of interested specta tors. The course was the same as that taken for the previous race, out to the Yanko Creek bridge and back, Ihe dis tance being 20 miles ; the prizes were similar 10 inose onereu lor tne last race. The winner turned up iu F. Pitt, who, with 13 minutes start, covered the dis tance in llir. Smin. lOsecs; J. R. Ciiitts (of Wagga) was second from the lOmin. mark, his riding time being 1 hour SO seconds: All' Roach, off lSinins., was third, his time beiuglOJfsecs. slower than the winner's. The fastest time was put up by '\V. Duck, of Coolamon, who, with 8 miuB. start, negotiated the course in 58min. 51 sees. Nineteen out of the 28 entrants took part in the race. Barella.w — A representative meeting was held at Mr Coulter's store, Barellan, on Saturday last for the purpose of re organising the Barellan Progress Associ ation. It was resolved to dissolve the old Association and form a new body, with an elective committee of nine ; the membership being open to residents ?within ten miles of Barellan at an annual subscription of one shilling. It was de cided to hold a ballot for the committee on December 18th, the nominations to close on Saturday, Uth inst. Finaacial members only of the Association are permitted to nominate or be nominated, or to vote at the election.. Hay-making is about finished around Barellan. Most of the yields have been light; but in some instances yields up to 2*4 tons per acre have been harvested. Stripping is now general, and the returns are generally speakinc satisfactory, from 6 to 6 bags per acre being obtained. At Brobenah crops of 5 and G bags of wheat and 13 bags of oats per acre have been harvested. Water :s very scarce, resi dents of the township having to cart ?this necessary commodity about three miles. Anglers' Club.— The annual re- union of the Anglers' Club was held in the Criterion Hotel last Tuesday night, about 30 members being present. Air. J. F. Cox, President of the Club, pie sided over the gathering, aud, in spite of the bent, a most enjoyable evening was spent. The prizes won last season were presented to the winners, Messrs. J. Hensliaw, J. J. Porter, V. L. Barnett, and Silas Adams, who were each the recipients of guinea trophies. Trophies for the coming season were promised by Mr.E. Hall, for John Hird and Co, one iiuinea for the largest aggregate catch for the season ; Frank Smith, and H. A. Ainsworth, half-a-guinea each. On ?Wednesday, the 1st inst., the opening of the season, about thirty lovers of 'ye gentlu art,' repaired to the River near Miltliorpu's. In the morning the day llncatoncd to be most unpropitious, but the afternoon turned out splendidly, and members had a most enjoyable out ing. I'lit catch aggregated 241bs. weight, the individual catches of the successful anglers ranging from 1,'.- to '-lbs, whilo some caught nothing.' Of the four prizes competed for, only one, that for the largest haul, was won, Mr. .). J. Porter, who just managed to secure the required weight (51bs.), being the successful angler. 