" BLIND." " They "say I . am; hopelessly blind ; that I 6baJl never see- the green trees' again, or 'the play of light and shadow on tire earth! God -lias, punished me " but not more than I deserve. At first I fought bard against the eternal slrndow before my eyes ; grop- ing, groping for the light. As n child- I was always afraid of the dark ; sis I grew up, .the fear of it grew with me. Now—it is always Night-. When the Hght first faded., I saw nothing but a purple wall stretching out hard and sharp before ni»; then on tho wall, pictures -fccgari to form them selves, so that I saw my past life set out plainly. I see a child playing with sisters and orouuvls 111 wlu um "(-"""'-j — banks of the Fish River, where it runs by Gunning; We pelted each other with the ripe fruit, and laughed at the bearded horsemen riding past to the new diggings at Lambing Flat. Tho okl Gentnan wine-maker sits at the door of his cottage, telling us stories of the Rhino, -till the nurse comas from the big gray house to fetch- us in to supper. The next picture shows me a ball room. Lights are sinning, voices laughing, the dancers keeping time to the thrilling music. It is the annual ball of the diggings. To it, from end to end of the Lachla-n, people have rrckien in. J.uo ooki C/eminisKioa-er ,s party are dancing at one cud of the big room ; from them run tho differ en-t sets till at the other end' they reach the diggers. There arc many pretty girls there : but I am the belle. That night I said " Yes " to young Redfem,' the handsomest and richest squatter on the river. Next I see a beautiful -homestead ; in the garden are a man and woman. He is -asking -her to economise, for the drought and bad times, -are pressing heavily on him ; she turns away . from him with sneer and light laugh. The next picture saddens" inc. Again I seri' the ' homestead, .butvthe squatter 'and Iris 'wife aire no, longer there i Milas! down- 'the river; . on a, ahabbv H-U tie ' farrp , I see them t-oilinig . to make . a living. The hjisband's face tells a tale of broken heart and -hopes ; the wife's is -as proud as ever/though hrr dress is old . and her hands roughened, a baby, a solomn-darloeycd little thing, lies in a cradle in a corner of the farm-house. It never smiles or cries, but lies staring all day out at tlrR workl 'beyond it. Another picture. A hearse is leav ing the old farm-house ; a worn wo man, with a weeping child in her nrnrs, follows it. The mother's face is set like stone ; there is no softening of its linos,, even - for tho dead husband lying -in- his shroud. Afterwards the neighbours, pitying, -try to -help the woman ; but she repels them with the old pride, and struggles on alone. , The worst picture of -all. A bush- fire is threatening the old farmhouse'; ! the woman ami child are fighting hard i to save it from the flames. Neigh- i hours gallop up ; after a few hours' fighting,, the house and little crop are saved. The fight over, the woman has broken down ; when she eome3 to -herself, she -is in -a darkened room with her eyes bandaged. There she stays till Hie nurse oonres to lead -her to the operating room. A few minutes pain, and she is led back. The nurse tells her the lire 'has spareu one oi her eyes that if she keeps quiet, and gains strength, she .may recoven both. A weary waiting -and fretting, and then the a-wful sen-trace,- " Both eyes totally blind.'' Oh, the agony of it ! How I fouglit against it ; cursing God because he let me live. Day and night were one to ma at first ; Tkrx: lost all moan ing. Hioep ! How coukl I sleep with my brain on firo ?" Then I grew more used t-o it. The nights were tho worst. All was so -still- ; tho silence lay on me like a I knew when tho day waned 'by the lessening noises of .the city ; as they faded and grew les3, so my horror grow greater. Pictures, surely painted by the Evil One, grew in tho blank canvas before me: I saw a woman, vet young and strong, led about by a child, and tended by Charity ; I saw her life stretching -out to three-score and twelve, always helpless and dependent. I would clench my hands Ell the nails ran into the flesh-, and bite my lip9 till the blood flowed, to think that there was no way of escape. And then -tfthc next picture would show ' me a woman released from her bondage. Sometimes site hung lifeless from the window, with rope of sheet or clothes ; at others it was steel, the red blood showing against the , white throat. And yet again, flowing water, with a corpse floating down' the riven to free dom. They tried me at three asylums be fore I came hero. Some said I was mad. I tried to bo ; to forgot all and let my brain die if my 'body could not. God would not let me. I fought everyone, even those who tried to make me happy. Then slowly, slowly I Iregain to see ; clearer in my blindness than ever be fore. I -looked -down the past, and saw it wasted ; I saw what might have been, but for my wanton pride. Then — I looked into tho future, and saw how it might ba retrieved. Tha black ness has faded away ; before me a pathway of light iuns, which my Lot ache to follow. It is a road of -good deeds, of kind words spoken instead of u-ngry ; of a life of Lore and Charity —and the goal is Peace. Now, in my feeble way, I shall" make amends. -R.K. 