BACCHUS MARSH AND BRIS BANE RANGES. (By FoaTIs, in Australasian.) foLLowING our usual custom when commencing a day's outing, Mr. Claude Hall and I adopted the rail way to clear the city, utilising the Ballarat train at 7.40 a.m., and quitting it at Bacchus Marsh, break fasted at the station, whence we commenced wheeling at about half past 9 a.m. Shaping a course west wards along the back road to Ballan, we turned due south in about two miles over a good road, and favoured with freshening wind from the north, made easy and rapid pro gress. In six miles we reached a cross-road, along which to the right we- wheeled, reaching Mr. Moles- - worth Greene's homestead,( Grey stones, in less than half a mile. This fine residence -is beautifully situated on the hillside, and sur rounded by a wealth of young timber. The nearest track to the Brisbane Ranges runs through the property, and entering at the gate we pedalled along a fine and well- - kept drive, pastathe ,house, emergy ing on to open land at the rear. '-A - rough track was then followed up a - rise, when, passing through another gate, some good running was ob tained for three miles or more, till we reached M'Phail's, at the foot of the Brisbane Ranges. Comparatively few people know of these hills; yet they afford a very picturesque stretch of country. Travelling in the direction as taken, by us, there is a steady climb for a couple of miles, save for a few gtl lids, into which the -track dipped and-rose again. 'As the altitude in creased, some attractive views of the Yaloak valley on the-right, and the' Werribee Plains through the gullies to the left were obtained, while all around us a fresh young forest glad dened the eyes. When first I pased through these ranges, some two years ago, a bush- fire had the week: previous swept through, and de-. nuded the forest of foliage; all that was left was a multitude of charred tree-trunks. In four miles from M'Phail's we debouched on to level . open country, and were heading al most due west, to Mount Wallace, which direction was held for about one mile only. BEREMBOKE AND DUBDIWARBAH. At this distance we turned to the. south over a little-used by-road; but a fair track was picked out. Later, we ran into a gravel-bed roadway, and, with the many.turns, we managed to miss the right one, and found ourselves in a cul de sac. At a farm house adjacent we learned our whereabouts, -and,/a~,fter.-di-..9~;- i puting with the wind for nearly a mile, the right road was picked up. We were then going west, and bend ing away to the south we had a de lightful coast of three-quarters of a' mile, for which we immediately had to pay. The opposite side- was steeper, but not so long, so we walked the last half. This dip' cleared us of the Beremboke dis trict, at the source of the Little. river, after which some very fertile - country was traversed in skirting the Stoney Creek Reservoir-the' Geelong water supply. Another dip and rise, over the Stoney Creek Valley, brought us to Durdiwarrah,' at the junction of the Mount Wal lace, Steiglitz, and Anakies roads. STAUGHTONVALE AND THE ANAKIES. .Our course led us dyer the last-, - named route, and for five miles we encountered patches of .sand inter-'. -spersed with stretches of fair-going. At the end of this distance a magni-. ficent view burst into view. Some hundreds of feet below, the flat country stretched away to Geelong in the south, while more to the east lay the bay and the beautiful slopes of Bellarine and Portarlington be yond. Almost due east, across what seemed an expansive valley, were the You Yangs, while immediately opposite, and level with us, the An- . akie Hills presented -themselves. And away to the N.E.-lay a beauti ful stretch of valley land, which we conceived to be Staughtonvale,' heavily wooded and well settled. From where we stood the sight was wonderfully fine, and after descend ing.and c!imbing to .,slimilar, alt,?.... tude on one of the Anakies; we hlid ": another splendid view of th wooded vale. This locality was easily the most picturesque of the trip. You YANGS, LITTLE RrnER, AND WERImBEE. 'The descent from the Anakies on the other (east) side was rough, though not very steep; but the hills Were rugged. Huge outcrops of, granite and monoliths were numer- ous, all grey and rounded, thelatter being of all shapes, and curiously poised in some instances. After a fine run of six miles across the plains, along What- is known as Begg's Lane, we crossed the northern spur of the You Yangs, bristling with it~ granite outcrops also, then- coasted for a mile or more to a road runnng - parallel with the range, along which we pedalled merrily with the wind f6r another three miles, when a run east to Little River, two miles dis tant, was effected. From this town .ship we had a rather rough journey to Werribee, of 10 miles, as the wind caught us badly; moreover, we were desirous of joining the 3.18 p.m. train at.that town, which we did with but 13 minutes to spare. The distiance wheeled between the 2 two setationsewas about .t55 miiles. - 