BUSH FIRE AT DEVENISH. \- - ESTIMATED DAMAGE £500. Tho little township of Devenish was in a wild state of excitement on Monday afternoon, when the alarm of fire was raised. A fire— the first of the season in this district — broke out at Poldoe Park, the property of Mr. Jas. Hooper, about 4 o'clock. As soon as the flames were observed in Devenish, business was abso lutely suspended, and nearly every man left for the scene of the fire. The after noon was hot, and a strong north wind prevailed. Mr. Jas. Hooper was engaged stripping a crop of wheat, and when about to turn the machine in the paddock, he noticed flames burst out alongside of the stripper. He immediately rushed the horses away from the fire, and endeavored to unharness them. As is usual in such cases, the horses in the team began to play up, and it was a difficult task to free them. They then made off with the har ness on. Mr. Hooper then turned his attention to the fire, and made a deter mined effort to combat the flames. Just as he had almost succeeded in getting them under way. a strong wind came up and revived it. At this stage the fire was noticed by the women folk at the house, and rushing over, they turned their atten tion to the hay stacks. Although they worked bravely, they were beaten back by the flames which, by this time, were close upon the stacks. Two of the ladies wore so exhausted that they fainted. At this junction fire-fighters from all parts of the district arrived on the scene, and were promptly at work. After sweeping over e few acres of wheat crop (one of the best in tho district), the fire reached the hay stacks, and completely demolished five of them. It then travelled into Mrs. Spriggs grass paddock, and burnt a few acres. A rabbit was noticed to rush out of the flames and crossed the road, carry ing the fire into Mr. R. Herridge's pad dock. Some fire- fighters happened to be on the spot, and they beat the flames out before much damage was done. The fire then found its way into Mr. J. Murphy's grass paddock, and swept over about 20 acres. The residents, with water-carts, put in good work at this point, and ou coming to a fallow paddock of Mr. Her ridge's, the fire was prevented from going further south. It was then discovered thai the fire had burnt back against the wind, and that the homestead was in danger. The lady folk and some boys had great difficulty in keeping the flames off the house. The fire managed to get a hold in Mr G. Harcourt's paddock (ad joining Mr. Hooper's), and about 25 acres of wheat were destroyed before it was checked. Mr. Hooper's draught stallion, Prince Royal, happened to be in a small paddock near the house, and was sur rounded by the flames. Some of the resi dents happened to notice the animal, and managed to drive it through the burning grass to a place of safety, but not before it had received a good singing. Mr. Hooper lost five stacks of hay (about 80 tons), between 60 and 70 acres of stand ing crop, and some fencing, and estimates his loss at about £500 Mr. Hooper had some of his crop insured recently, but, unfortunately, not tho paddock that was destroyed. Mr. Harcourt lost about 25 acres, which was covered by insurance. Mr. Spriggs, who lost a fow acros of crop, was also insured. The wind kept chop ping round, and this helped the workers in no small way to keep tho flames in check. Residents state that they never saw a fire burn for such a time without more disastrous consequences, but this is probably due to the fact that most of the crop destroyed was a little on the greon side. Residents of Devenish, St. James, Stewarton, and Nooramunga turned out well, and but for this and the number of water carts, half the district must have been burnt out. The Stewarton bush-fire brigade, under Captain Davis, rendered yeoman service. The origin of the out break is attributed to the pinion shaft of the stripper running hot and firing. 