WHEEL BOTES. F0BT1S. ONE STANDARD OP HOBSH-I'OWEH Piston displacement (or stroke volume) teem to be recognised by motor experts at a imit tor determining the horn-power of a motor-engine, but a study ot a table giving the deui\p<i n^i «. eku w uc mowr-cycles at a roost exhibition in N«w York ahows wide disproportion existing In the relation of bone-power to plstw displacement. It ia a table which illuitratM the elasticity of the "hone-power" rating, ud' the value of ptoton displacement as an inHenble cheek or tell-tale. For instance, some eapan, ainfle-cylinder, had a volume of 19.30 cubic incta' displacement, and otben as high as 30.30 cubit inches, yet they woe all rated at from 3 w 31 h.p., while several S|.h.p. engines had a d» placement of 19.80 cubic inches, in the tiggfe cylinder 4-h.p. engines there was more coasa tency, the range being from 80.16 to 30.49 ttftfe inches, b the twin-cylinder engines the dis crepancies were glaring- Those of « h.p. ranged fatm 88.90 to H cubic inches. a 5-li.p. bad 88.61, * 7-h.p. 62, and n 5-7-h.p. 44 cubic inches The great inconsistency of the figures impelled one of the American motor papers to try and es tablish a standard of horse-power, as it wai evi dent that some of the manufacturers were de» ceiving tfeemsdm, The comparative results si the table revealed that there in a great need fer mutual agreement on a basis for rating, and ttt I fixing of a . standard. The paper referred to wishes to discard all the usual formulas which require recourse to slide-rules or algebras, « both, and stria for the adoption of a timpls Standard that will be intelligible to the man trim has no knowledge of these rules or algebraic hieroglyphic*—that 'each 10 cubic it» Ins pistes displacement xhtll constitute one-horN -power (u understood), and that all measur es <>( hoiee-powr atsall.be tawed thereon. Such a radical depirlurs from the teachings and practices c. imiitic en gineering aroused much comim-m ami opposi tion, but the proposers made out good rase, and they put it in this way:—'^o tar at si action of the sort affects designers and en gineers, it merely is equivalent to saying to limn, 'Here are so many cubic inches; i.d.t them, »nd without "Ms," "ands," arid "Luts,'' make the roost of them, and to those of you who attain the best results, the greatest credit, and the groates fame and wage will be due and will jnuw. No doubt ouch a definition and am li a oraun iiw« cause designers and other -lignite™ to ob ject and osgue, but it would n.aV- fer improve ment in the quality and efficiency of their pro ductions, The motoring world, too, will m tto wiser, and will then ^now cxa.ih wliat horser power" signifies—not what it is »upp»-ed to signify, ings of engines will be accurate and under nAtiiigt ol fpg^nM tUndable; there will be no room ior diecrrpaim or for under-rating* or over rati expected, toe publication of tin or over-ratings; and as wi ory brought MptTWUp ATC numerous objections to it—objections agsinst (he surestion of an inelastic hirois tor rating. As engineer asks what satisfaction would a prospec tive purchaser receive by being informed that. ' - - J!—1-— inch®. this engine has a displacement of A' cubic incbt* ■«m4 to«t one 25 cubic inchest Would it assure him that he could reach tlie u>p ot a certtia hi'', or that he could whisk along at 40 miles an b«jr, were everything else favourable? Bs edds then ttiat piston displaoenn nt is but «ae ftctor of the power, and that ii would be vtry macearste to adopt it alone as a measure o( power. At the same time he i- not preps ml wtoRtot a formula, for tiiat 'v<-m« to be the tasnneas of the manufacturer*. Tin y should," to sdHy adds, "be (sir with the buying publfc" OthsrdjaimUu from the suggested bam «( Mow iaftfected not so much to the main W» of Amrlfig at an easily undertundablc ntethw •fTSmriilS the .confusion of volume or raja city torKh power, Which was maintsined not to he TStBpsroate'Oiie with the Other, or susceptiHt " — «- —~ <imn a vague *»{"> 3 W-fawriUstiisi, .In more flan a vague Wtte Agreed that it is both pc_ „ S Ofjy- that 10 cubic inches stools to one-horse power. Jf a w i«a«* at words ir the chief oh ~U li* an'agrcem^, «Ji d»wsS»'- 'fbak to at once simple an iT^propoasltoat pi^^'as , .advanced'solely to give 2,8 Jto prevent such enormous Ms " aaflt between piston ditpltct jW9tob-|>ower. 11, however, it to TJdw*! a change to agne ftof 'iff PUtQB dtoplaeeni'iit are etpal r.' toe manufacturers might equal to one "motor-power," ftpwwr it equiialent to what ' he maelosed by dynamometer ilhould be einvuragtd. ' rera take up the sntlier hoped that any eyrtem XI Will nave aa its ftuinditk* ai tiw rim of the rear tried ™J "dynamometer, flow (M le mirchsser, any other power « i #™t power ho prays for, tea aheotoaim, and is the only peg M moreover, he does * 1 amine Of itself may deed*; hpee "motor power" ItW .J lost in tiansniirtfon. J nt the rim arhicb ahae», MOTOR JTEiif-. "iMr. CiiarJeR A. rrsct#! c. srlio returned Jast "" Europe and fija things, in tod* « Vrtil he^to I Wl» " «sw| t '| ri motoring., ^ j to have mj"JT 3,fAi of the output ft* m Ion of tK**1 art very <■ ears in •« ^Tour.bly with W •! I pcoodmy in operation. want (iriisho'h 'I'm'1 1,1 1 ■ n'liHl'ilJI»' and L-iuu—., — -•■--■ n l\>w Vo.lc Mr. Proctor was privileged to visit L ,v,)-.iinl quarters of the Automobile Cl2b. , ^,1 i,<\- assorts, has nothing so elaborate and Hon!pl. H' i» «'ery detail. tf b of about titUm Lories in fioiulit, tlie 4hree topmost floor* con Liiuiimr <>'e fcnrairc. The oars are raised (ton I I,e eronrrd floor h.v means of deelricjifta, being flrei driven direct ly from the rtreeTon to Urn elevens n >6 a residential club, if* member ,f,(p Mi'C ynmr 1,600, but, t* connection with It i, a fourv-is- information bureau, where motorist* eencrnJIv mm procure whatever information they desire in mb*r.1 to roads and resorts, ai well as data iriaiinp '<> England, France, Germany, Ac.-, The antinni'bile for pleasure purposes is, of rouiw, 11"1 ,ll0St numerous type of vehicle, but In (lir Inure cities—New T6rk, Chicago, Boston, piiiiailelpiii.i. 4c.—the commercial vehicle In the shape m c.nricr-cars for swift delivery, motor vAppoiii ioi merchandise, and motor mail vans! are a leu m r.v numerous, and are a growing factor' In I lie tiaflir. Tlie impression was somewhat pre -.iw hen- (hot the United States were anther yal;n'.'T'i'n t lie motor-industry, but thla iliualon 19 aiL'm cH. Mr. Proctor, a keen and observant J« lilsiirllrH- Mr. ITQcror, ■ 7 ".rT7.; I.T J,f I„i-inese, and one whose tatereats are in PlSn of 1'iMlirp*", niiu vuv tbij direct inn. could hardly be mlstiken, and, as !,<> can- Kiialiind first, where his Sympathies jay he would hi in cl.v allow of his favourable impres' I— uino nHuv<r bv what 1m »ions of ,i!uilnTP""unless the reasons were obvious Still, he asserts, he did not see die rtriiMi node at its beet. The last season for fhe h'Uiie trade was a very poor one; indeed, sn1lii- qu.iricrp it was almost disastrous. He t lie several manufacturers and the ^am-' n' III'"'motorists "with whom he came into Innin" ,I|P ourrent y?-ar promised ^better cnnliin - - ... thine?, i'tid 'he trade generally was decidedly op limlciic. what surprised him in London and res was the great and still-increas ed the taxi-cab; and tbis class of j„e pop-'; ' "h'ciioveaj" is going to be the sheet )lfir ,,f iiw trade—not omitting the tire menu vf1,i r ii"' SfS^ss- •x%ffu&'S52t's .1* *■'!»* course was .from. Sydney April -■ ■",l1 " "|P V to Nov .i 'i11'I hack, approximately 230 mile^ The win.I ."iii-1 was through Tom Ugly's Point, ond Kiama, the return journey being puiviii ' "' 'i Vailev, Mossvalc, Plcton. and The contest was won by I. Phisac loric'" i' I'. TallioO. Major Watson (Braeler) wr-nnil'i " ! w f:- DI*on (Talbot) third. The ■' .] into four classes, as is usual, and the I! -ratine formula employed to de j-mvpr ih.- hAll accessible parts of the cars Mfre n1 .! ihe penalty for breaking such being v. points in each case. M it.it- ■' . "l.tcsts on the road, in which the rienniii ■ is the prime factor, are compe lot-Mi- i'i i 1 itc served their purpose, and become «q" r/ tin- past. The Grand Prix is lost to P ara.: 'be Automobile Ciub of Great Bri tain v.iil i1,1 countenance speed events on the ioa-1 a-' I - i'i" such events are now held is on a "Vtv-i'i-'i'' . u i-ared course, such as the Brook )atid< mi' m the recently-constructed motor moi'luni the .States. Such events can serve no coo-1 i-a;|i..-c now if held on the open road. i,'nt onli .in- 'hey dangerous, but they arouse antici-iii-i'i i" the "automobile with many people, in iiiu .■"■•uti'v a motor road-race would scarcely ),c lH-inhn. I. no matter what precautions might be tden, mi.i. .ii this juncture, might easily prove dhasirMoreover, I fsncy that only very few monui-i- I'I care to knock about their cars on o-ir io.kk even on the highways in the Western District, v.hiih is the only place where such com pciitio].- i-."'id be held with any degree of safety. K.i donlH tlu-re are a few ear-owners who would like to ui i-'ii" the speed of their vehicles, and (or tlir.e ciliov avenues are open, such as the re (oniH I..-en Melbourne and 8ydney and Mel bourne nr..) rdelaide, the 24 hours record of -tt7 miU <, l.o-idv.- ot tiers which could be created, such us Adelai.l.- m Sidney continuous, Melbourne to Mt. Gmniiloi mid hack, or the route Of the first hig ton: s on high bicycles, 80 years ago—Mel bourne m B..11.irat, Ararat, Hamilton, Warrnam tool, and ( olar, back to Melbourne. Long lii-tanee motor-cycling has not received i groji do.l of attention in these states, and it is sir o: «. i mi years since any attempt was made on an all-lay record ride. Late Jn 1902 Mr. H. B. James, on a 2J-h.p. machine, scaling 1751b., covered i-vM miles in 24h. and 603 miles in 249*. 'iniiu.. \\\h)i-!i figures still hold good. Last week Mr. I.. .1. Am lev, of Molong, N.S.W., rode from Bonrke <o -mIiicv, 488 milei, in Slh. 3Smin« lis mniiM iniiig a 3J-h.p. Triumph, which, con'id.riiiL; i in- country traversed, is a good per forminre suit, m'th the present perfection of (lie nioto;-. Ic. the present 24li. mileage it not lirohihitiM'. With a favourable run any dis tune I 'v---!i 5j0 aad 600 miles in the full day is quite f-.-jiiMr. ' A ror:v-|Minili-nt in "The Argus" of Monday tomplain- f the motor-traffic on the St. Hilda road, lift, to my mind, he makes out a case again-! limvlf. He says that he and his daughter wok n-iiiij. on the "proper aide of the road," and hearing a car approaching from behind, they "sprf.nl i',t to the respective kerbs to let it tlirouKh.' iu.ing sufficient room even lor two esrs to ; "ii abreast. But, he ssys, "the driver dolilniat. fallowed me right on to the ketb, and w--iT.ii l.ave run me down . . . only Ins riaiiiii.iri shrieked, when he tumbled hastily over rm to i .. i.-serve. Demonstrations followed; the dii'- i .no-ted tliat-he was right, but the etvli-t -iT i -.ii.-it that il was the motorist's duty to get cl :,r nf him, and said, in hla letter:—"The rciounix-ti mle of the road, as I understand it, is t! it on- v.-hicle following and wishing to pass annthr., v !1 pai-s the leading one on the right, and th.'i. i, no obligation on tlie leading one to nuke u.r I-, the following one." Overlooking v.iiat a i,,-h forbearance and courtesy will do, the ahf.-.c i- rather contradictory. Although he undeistjii-i- the mle of the road, he fails to respect i -. The motorist wgs in the right to !'ai- h.-.v..,ii the cyclist and the reserve — the incident, . iningly, having taken place in one ol in.- fii-i. ..lenues. Moreover, the cyclists were mtuely i- th. wrong in "spreading themselves out to in. respective keibs." .Any motorist, or other ih;i-i, „r cyclist, who passes between two lenities c'iiiir in the ssme direotiM as himself isi.es on -lave risk. Tbey may cloce together at any m-im-nt. . . Th. hi i i.enai-d motor-train in Anstinlia is now in i-pi-iution between Farina and Yudaamu ,i?'j . • u disuiice ot 80 miles. It was im {■orted I,v i i,e Union Copper Company, of the Jst-ieeiiiioiH-i place, and will be used for the If."5'"'". »i -.re and store*. The full train con 6 frn. „ !U! t^lcks' wWd* carry a load oi 6 lew ea< h. The motor primer derel^s XOO-h.p.. «na. t,"clu aeparue working .units are . <'l>n,10, of tlie driver, and are, therefore, «ule to lUcoliate mhmm wll-t* Aug *Win n^°fute comm witti eue. m El v i ,ra,n In Adelaide atreebu onTta interest U(lnamuU,,» created both surprise Aad ?!'£r S' tu-o ,na")r comsiiklasn "M p»yfj • nt ,tif?!('ri""'nt- tw iaSned with spertf "yving loadside main, and ■ ■ *' ~ - mUmm hopuiir nL1!,ide, ipd traverses the above it vilf . °"tr at saj*, a full eoeunleeseot * motor mechanirianf la parried, aad, as tine n to ,nil'°rists who meet tmAlelt alciit ' lie is Mrily picked oat lront ttw maay others b*J« imt light, whhih ii alwaya ear-' rledT Many motorist* lorn testified 'to trie use-1 fulness o( the rep*ir<Y»&, and alio to the effec-1 tiveness the work that its occupant* have been called upon to perform. A very useful and perhaps welcome device to I many automobillats who suffer from tire troubles.. Sue to insufficient inflation, is the "Twttchell i tire- pressure gauge, which if only SHh- in length; J it can be applied at any time, ana is easily car- \ ried in the ittk pocket The gauge is designed to screw On the valve of the tire, after the «*p j >u ttfMi * JE * gwduated nctlo;-srtdai^ * *£°^the nther end of toe gauge.: Thei ^ eppUed in a few »tcon«, ahd Its! •egistratioc is insftnfaaeOus. while lie aocnmcv Is I taaeOus, while its accuracy la j fuaianteed by the makers. - Motoftets of experience know that high-, tension euneirt is extremely difficult to] Insulate, and always ready to leak away] through the most unlikely channels. If the ] ignition acts strangely, and tire trouble can-1 aot be located in the usual way, it is advisable to look for -a high-tension leak. The elusive cur rent will frequently follow oily wood or cloth, if given an importunity, causing the most myste-1 rious abort circuits. Worn gear-wheels require very liberal lubrica- ; lion, but it is necessary to ascertain that the oil ia reaching the right place; else much is wanted. i IVear in these parts is indicated by lost motion ; vc backlash. Adjustment or removal is the only Practical remedy. 1 The usual method of testing a sparking-plug is not always conclusive, because in the open air | there ii no resistance as with compression in the cylinder. An engineer mentions a quick and satisfactory method which he has often used to . test the insulation of the plug. He placet the plug on the top of the cylinder in the ordinary | nay, and to obtain an approximation of the re sistance between the points which the compression , fives, he places between the points a piece of sheet mica. If the mica is too. thin or very ! "flaky," the spark will pierce it, or, if it j is sound the spark will jump round it, provided 1 the distance is not greater than what the spark j will jump in the air. By this means it is easily lemonstraled as to whether or not the plug is at atiH. Good or bad compression in the cylinder has a direct bearing on the efficiency of the engine, ivhich in turn affects the speed. The degree of impression of any engine depends on the amount >f space at the top of the cylinder into which the volume of gas (drawn in by the downward : novemcnt of the piston on the induction-stroke) I s compressed. In nhn-teclinical terms, one may ay that the gas is squeezed into about one-1 Sfth of its original volume. In some engines, how-j sver, 6ueh as are used for racing purposes, it [ nar be compressed into one-sixth, and even one lerenlli, the volume. Mixed Motor Items.—So keen is the interest of European countries in motor traction for war purposes that the French Department of War, in order to be well prepared, is likely to under take the construction of heavy motor- vehicles this year.—In adopting a tax on motor-cars, the Dutch Government will levy according to horse power, ranging front 46/ for 7-h.p. cars to £20 for those above fO-h.p.—It is proposed in France that i commission be appointed to frame a new code ct traffic regulations having regard to the new coa litions, due to-the development of the motor re ticle, and, if appointed, the French Touring Club ind the Automobile Club are to be rep resented hi the commission.—The German Imperial Auto mobile dub has snbacribed a sum -of £12,500 to irards the cost of a motor- racing track at Pots lam.—The taxi-cab, as a vehicle for public hire, Is not yet licensed in Melbourne, and no very peat increase in their , numbers is likely until this is done.—It is -stated that a "Motorluftschif lahrtstudieuaktiengesellschsft" has been formed Berlin. Something like a title, indeed.-Prince Bqrghese, of Pekin to Paris fame, and another sell-known motorist, Kazzaro, are both interested m flying- machines.—The British automobile papers consider the recent records of Mr. B. Barr Smith ind Mr. G. White between Melbourne and Ade laide to be capital performances. BACCHUS MABSH AND BRISBANE RANGES. ! Following our usual custom when commencing s day's outing, Mr. Claude Hall and 1 adopted, die railway to clear the city, utilising the Bal larat train at 7. to a.m. last Saturday, and quit ting it at Bacchus Marsh, breakfasted at the sta-! tion, whence we commenced wheeling at about half-past fl a.m. Shaping a course westwards klong the baric road to Ballan, we turned due south in about two miles over a good road, and Dsvoured with freshening wind from the north, j made easy and rapid progress. In six miles we reached a cross-road, along which to the right we wheeled, reaching Mr, Molesworth Greene'a homestead, Greystsnes, in less than bslf s mile. This tee residence is beautifully situated on the hillside, and surrounded by a wealth of young timber. The nearest track to the Brisbane Ranges runs through the property, and entering at the gate we pedalled along a fine and well-kept drive, past the house, emerging on to open land at the tear. A rough track was thai followed up a rise, when, passing through another gate, some good running was obtained for three miles or more, till we reached M'Fhail's, at the foot of the Brisbane Ranges. Comparatively few people know of these hills; yet they afford a very picturesque stretch of country. Travelling in the direction as taken by us, there is a steady climb for a couple of miles," mve for a few gullies, into which the track dipped and rose again. As the altitude increased, some attractive views of the Yaloak valley on the right, and the Werribee Plains through the gullies to the left were obtained, while all around us a fresh young forest gladdened the eyes. When first 1 passed through these ranges, some two years ago, s bush-fire had the week previous swept through, and denuded the forest of foliage; all that was left was « multitude of charred tree trunks. In four miles from MThaU's.-we de bouched on to level open country, and were, head ing almost due welt, to Mount Wallace, which direction wss held for about one mile only. BEBEMBOKE AND DUROIDWABRAH. At this distance we turned to the south over a little-used by-road; but a fair track was picked out. Lster, we ran into a gravel-bed roadway, and, with the many turns, we managed to miss the right one, and found ourselves in a cul de sac. At * farm* bouse adjacent we learned oar where abouts,- and, after disputing with the wind for nearly o^mUs, the right nw w picked up. ll"e were then going west, and bending sway to'the fbuth we lad » delightful coast of three-quarters of a mile, for which we immediately bad to pay. The opposite side was steeper, but not so long, m we walked tk»_Jak hut This dip cleared is of the Beremboke district, at toe aouroe of the Little River, after which some very fertile coun try was traversed in skirting toe Btoney Greek Beservoir—Uie Ceelong water supply. Another dip gnd rise, over tog Stoaey Creek Valley, brought into Purdidwarrah, It ihejnnctlon of the Mount Waltoto, 8teifclit*;fdWlroads. STAU GHTONVALB AMD THE ANAKiES. Our course led t» over the last-named route, and.ftr Rye mile* we encountered patches of sand totttomemed with stretches of fair-going. At tfe etf 01 tht» distant* * <pl*gnifloent view bunt Into . view. Bone fcufidfCMBf feet below, the flat pquBtry atertched-Awty' to -Oeelong in the eouth, while mom to %i'«# toy-toe bay hud the beau ttfajTjuciptoof BelUrloe aaflrortarlington beyond. Almostdae c*»t, acros* what seemed an expan sive *6* the Ytm. Yaogi, while imme diately opposite, and Mwl;With -ui, the Anakto Hiiia preeautad themselras. And away to the M.'E. lay a beauUtoHrtr^n.of valley land, which we concd vedto be Stanyt^dnvale, heavily wooded and well settled, ^fyoni where we atood the fight waa wonderfuUyfihe, ahd after descending and climbing to a similar altitude on one of the Arables, we had another splendid view of >. a Thil totality waa easily the the wooded vale. . moat plcturesipie or the trip. YOU TASGS, LITTLE BIVEB, AND WEBRIBEE. The descent from the JAnakles 6n the other (east) side was rough, though not very steep; but the bills were rugged, Huge outcrops of granite and monoliths were numerous, all grey and rounded, tbe totter being of all shapes, and curiously poised in some instances. After a ilafe run of six miles across the plains, along what is known as Bean's Lane, we crossed the northern spur of the You Ysngs, bristling with its granite outcrops also, then coasted for a mile or more to a road running parallel with tbe range, along which we pedalled merrily with the wind for.another three miles, when a run east to Little Biver, two miles distant, was effected. From this township we had a rather rough journey to Wer ribee, of 10 milee, as the wind caught us badly; moreover, we were desirous of joining the 8.18 p;tn. train at that town, which we did with but IS minutes to spare. The distance wheeled be tween tbe two railway .delations was about 55 miles. NQTELETS. Under the beading "Americans Clean Up at Paris," one of the Yankee papers gives a resume of A. J. Clark's win, together with those of Nai. Butler, a well-known American rider. In addition to his many victories, Clark reduced the figures for one kilometer, unpaced, and from a standing 'start, making tbe fourth time the re cord has been altered during tbe season. At the commencement it stood -at lmin. 16 3-5sec.; the first cut brought "it down to lmin. 16 l-5sec.; the next to lmbi.; 15d-5sec.; then to lmin. 15 8-5sec.; but Clark made the pace so merry that the distance was covered in lmin. 13 4-5sec., and as a record will probably stand for some consider able time. Whether ot not they "believe ihe times and dis tances are correct, the fact remains that both Bri tish and American cycling papers make only the slightest reference to tbe excellent times re corded in our road races, generally speaking, tbe figures established for several years past in the Warrnambool Boad Race show that we attain and maintain greater speed than is reached in the old world,' even oh the superb roads of France. The records of J. Arnst and T. Larc-ombe, when, In their respective years,' they, averaged a speed of 21J miles an hour fur 185 miles, has not been ap proached either in Franoe, England, or the United States—that is, in AcailH-approximately the same length. One oversea notice .that I did see of our fast times contained;;* sting in its tail—"that the figure* were remarkably good, even milage might be .ahort'i" : jl The inevitable is occurring Mjjlto ^rtgafd" is:'the] League of Victorian Wteelmen/a^gyJ-fffia meanffj are to be devised whwgby^-tjfe-expenses may bet lessened, and, at toe sane ft Increased. The retrograde mo beginning.with the presentdeWtjAiJtss been most] precipitate during the past twfrYefrt^Nilur almost! entirely to indifferent and' unsynWttjylOmgnj ment. Tbe unfortunate thing wim^j is, that its government has been att? men who are not cyclists, but representatives of bodies (sport promoters), which make a conve nience of cycling as an attraction for their sports. Fjurther than toat their interest in it does not extend. Year after rear - toe programmes of annual sports were submitted from those bodies repre sented on the league, asking for natronage, and, of course, obtaining it, for the delegates would not legislate against themselves. Many of these programmes, to be submitted for public patronage In tbe metropolis or important centres, were only suitable for toe back blocks, and had they come before a committee of representative sports men, carefully watching the trend of public feeling as regards tbe class of racing desired, they never would have received sanction. The un disguised object of toe league, of sports promo ters' representatives was to make cycle-racing Srofltable for the present; Mere was no thought of lie future. A matter which is likely to be brought up by those interested is tbe control of road-racing. It has long been recognised that its administra tion is in hands quite out of touch with its re quirement*, and, from what has been said, there |ns more than one member of the league council who recognise the incongruous position of af fairs. Such events as the Cycle Trades' 100 miles road-race and tbe Warrnambool competition would not be affected in the least were there no League of Victorian Wheelmen; ami now I come to think of it, the recent big, interstate relay ride was conducted without any "reference to the L.Y.W., not even its patronage being asked for; but which, otherwise, had it been a representative organisation, would have been applied for as a matter of common courtesy. While it it most improbable thai the poet Wordsworth ever had cyclist scorcher in his mind, the following quotation from one of his poems is a wonderfully good description of the genus:— "On the ground His eyes are turned, and *s he moves along. They move along the ground; and evermore, Instead of common and habitual sight Of fields, with rural works of hill aud dale, And the blue sky—one little span of earth Is all his prospect. Thus from day to day, Bowben, his eyes for ever on the ground, He plies his weary way." China has been discovered a* a groat market for cheap bicycles, even for secondhand machine*, for the cast of -trankporting them. A high hut for ^ grade whreTwill vtrely'Bnd* buyer, says ■ con sul at Ttontain. H a aew machiue is acquired it Is ot toe cheapest. The quality can be inferior ■o long as the wheel goes round, and the outer signs by which the vCmfigJia Judges his machine have an Influence on the .JQhtoeee. One coat of enimet tolls own thb aama tale, and not a penny more Is paid tor a ieyciratUh nlckled parts than for one paieteAaU Btoa&gut; they must be very low-priced. Weight- auo -ha* no influence, and the little more muscle-power to be expended la 'sot taken toto qonatderauoa. 