?HUSH FIRES. (BY JOHBT O'SEICt, COWRA.) Prom 'S.M, Herald ' of Dec. 31. Busk 6reu hkve been common throaghout Uir State daring tbe last jtBree week*, *nd, of conrse , the hotter and - windier 'tlio dnythe greater the Mre. Recant fires have, caused oon vternatiou in several district)), and bosses 'thnt in uianv cases will ? tafcp .year* to retru'vo. Humcf, fences, crops, stacks, machinery, niirl in gome CMu live stock were destioyiti iiv a if.v hoars. Taking tbe -vhol« Si»t«, it would be probably within the mark to «ay that tie losses total a qo»rt»r ?ot m Million rtorUag. In tba fao» of tlrts 'glviit nilionnl luss it bphoW-i ? os to 81'i-k nut Vbme means for minimising this gi-fat fciutnal danger, because, as surolv as the summi-r months c*)ttic round so surely de''«or'fcai'in hush firas. Thn measures iieoesgary 'sX^L advis&hle; may be ' classified under ihren heads, vie., legislative, inunicipai, and -h)nie«- tic. . . An up-to dnte Bush Fires Prertn rinn Act is n'txletl. The common wax match Ebould be absolutely prohibited within Uip Slate. Local procl.unfttions *re not eflVctire. At a recent tire th'.- writer liulJ ttftAakinn l« ask fitv uiA.i^lif-s to light b trail, and was handed a tiox of wax vtstes, notwirhstanding that prohibition of their use is gazetted within thu district. 'Indiscriminate smoking also requires to be dealt with legislatively ; it is no uncommon thing to see men smoking in the field whe.n the glass is over 100 in the shade, and it is not ' too much to ask that they should be required to smoke only at meal times. To contend that there is no danger from a lighted pipe while ll.e smoker is moving about at his work is utter rubbish. Campers and campiug places require more vigilant police supervision. Nfxt we may con sider what the law may fairly require of every landowner for the common good. First comes the lire tank, pump and hose, costing about £6. Errry landowner should be compelled te have oce-of 'these useful appliances ; one is as good as 20 men at a fire. In f»at, the writer is 'of opiniun it would not be unfair' to compel every owner of under 1000 acres to Imve one cart, Rnd own ers of largerareas to have a fire cart for each 1000*&cre9; owned by them. At the present, time 'many large land owners have no cart at oil, and there is no question that a large station un equipped 'is a menace to the smaller settlers all around, especially to wlie'at growers. One fire cart per 1000 acres may be considered too much, but when the saving of fencing is taken into ae count it is not loo much, ons cart be ing equal to extinguishing about three miles of fenciug if applied promptly after a hro is mastered or has passed on Owners having timbered land should ho compelled, on tbn complaint of an adjoining holder, to clear such boun dary- for a width of three chains of all dead timber. Seme equitable responsi bility should be cast on adjacent own ers to quench burning timber on edges of ground already burnt, and to patrol the tfdge for, say, 14 days. This is necessary to prevent fresh outbreaks. There is little doubt that' Cowra'a big fire occurred through neglect in this respect. Shire councils should be em powered to subsidise the establishment of busli tire brigHdes. A arenf denl has yet to be learned as to how best to deal with a large bush fire, nnd with out doubt tiie brigade system may be made the best educative medium. Undoubtedly organised effort in bush fire fighting would be just as effective aa in other walks of life. Councils could nl» do-goafd Vrork by having ?lead timber burntd on roads where such roads would serve be fire breaks. Another matter' that Councils might censiiier it the advisability of purcha sing a number of hose tanks for dis tribution in centres of population throughout the shire There are many lorries, delivery carts, waggonettes, etc., about b township whose owners would be willing 'to take * tank o board and proceed to a fire. Thie oould be. rnide a valuable source of aid, mid should be organised, tiorries and cirte aro usually yoked up, and 'thus could make good speed toafiie. 'Slurp engineers might bear in mind thftV water on tap— and a big tap, too— is vary usuful. WHAT MAY BE DONE AT ftoJtE. ? This probably is tho most important to the individual farmer, and as one. who has given the matter some thought, -especially since getting a slight scorch some few daysago, I wish to place my views before iny fellow landowners. lo tho first placp, I woulri sty, look at your own farm. How would it stand on a bad hot windy day. A hot windy day from the no'rtli or west is the day to provide against. You may i^Bi ijuua niir uy a nice oooi nav, like Christinas Day, btit what about the two 'previous Tuesdays? We shall have soiuc similar days yet this sum mer, po.you have a look around on stVh a day. and make a note for next summer. Now -for my notes. The homh, the fcrystone, ho inflammable tnatenal should be permitted within three chains on I ho north unR west of dwellings. Tf grass is growing pldagh it up in the spring, and keep culti vated, or sow some corn ; if crop, cat. it early for hay, and plough the ground. If there is a paddock of grass to the north or west, put all the sheep in itf after shearing. Hiis plan saved me some money recently. The 6re went' out on reaching this paddack. M possible provide a water supply at 'the homestead, have it on tap, and see that' there u a good large Up 6xed so that the water «aru can back right in and fill quickly. Make the home safe, you will then be free to fight the enemy elsewhere. On the farm the boundary should re ceive attention. If timbered, try and arrange with your neighbour to clear a strip of five chains of 'all dead timber, and plough a firs break. This is especially necessary on tbe north and \--kiv Duuoutti^eb m an Holdings.' A ploughed firebreak may nonstop a fire -on .a bad windy day, bui on such a day it would serve to burn & trail back frotn. A plin which the writer in tends te- ndopt is *? stfw an earl* maturing wheat, say Comeback, ob »hg boundary, nnd cat it »arly for hay. By Btookiug it half a chain from the' funce and crop respectively, ploughing or cultivating could be easily -ioas in two -strips, o»« nmrth* f«ne», «w J other next lbs crop. The ground should be rolled, and thn Siiidxr set low to reduce ?tubb!e. Qn 'large es tates narrow p*dil»ck« etfuld profitably be laid off in 'suitable positions, nnd planted with corn or luccrnf, cr so'w~& *-ariy-for toay, and part of the padifoHc plinugned 'attar reaping. Corn or fallow is proWaMy VVre best firfihreak of all. Every fniuipr shonW provide himsHlf with one or morn lire :carU. They are unequalled far potting out a ru Hiring firp, quenching burning timlvftr, and saving fencing: The Sydnpy-mude rir^Hghters (ire^tlie best, for the reason that being made fur one purpose only the/ would probably be always full, and ready to proceed io a fire immedi ately. ThU is i-f prime importance, Wausw the first hilf hour after a lire starts is lh» time to get at it. Never thtless, a good «ervic«alile cart vnn bn obtnined on most farms. The tank pump, with air ch-imber and hose .is needed in the first- place. Almost any thing on 'wUe»U will do to Sx-itup on ; nothing is' belter than a spring drny or cart. The old back delivery reaper can be mined into a very goixl water cart. Old strippers can -likewise be converted, by removing thn body and adjusting the front or swivel wheel in the centre. A supply cart to replenish - -fire tanks is very useful, much valuable ; lime being lost when fire earts have to .- leave the scene of a tiro, »nd travel any distance to refill. Every tire cart should have mi axe, shovel, iron rake, nnd torch for burning trails. ' One made out of misled fpneing »ir« left open at one end to securo bagging would be a. linnciy and vlQuctive tool for burning trails. One of the chief mist iikcs at tho recent Cow ra firs was delaying too long the burning of counter brinks. Breaks take some time to burn, and just here the bush tire brigttdt's could engage in some effective practice; lliere_'is some skill required in burning n trail quickly in heavily grassed country. 