HUE FilE. . ? A ? CRIM.INAL* COURT SEQUEL. CHARGE. OF MAKING A FALOC DE CLARATION. At the Criminal Court this morning, before Mr. Justice Burnside - and - a jury, George Brooks was charged with having, on .March 15, 1010, at Northam', by falsely, pretending in writing to one James Joseph Keating, as agent, ilv Northam for the Liverpool and Lon don and Globe Insurance (Jo., that he (Brooks) had' sustained a loss by : a bush fire at Jurokine on March 1, 1910, at 4 o'clock, through the destruction by the fire of a large quantity of grain and other produce and certain build ings, which were his property, attempt ed to obtain from the company the sum of- £206, with intent thereby to lefraud. ( Mr. A. E. Barker (Crown Solicitor) ippeared for the prosecution; and ' Mr. R. S. Haynes, K.C., for the Cot ence. James Joseph Keating, a resident of Northam, said he was there the agent for the Liverpool and London ' and Globe' Insurance Co. He knew the accused, -.who was a farmer of Juro kine, wheh was about 30 miles distant I from Northam. Early in February of j this year accused called on him. and ! said he wished an insurance effected i on certain property. The proposal wa3 not completed at that time, but witness took down, all particulars re quired. On February 20 the insurance was- completed. The document (pro duced) was the proposal 'form, but the date was March 1, and the insurance was to take effect from that date, though the interview took place on Feb ruary 26. The negot:at:ons .were car ried on by the accused's brother to a certain extent, but the proposal was in the name of George Brooks. The amoiint-of the proposal was £299 '?' on 100 bags of wheat, 50 bags of oats, also hay, etc.' On March 3 he received intimation of a fire by a letter, which was signed 'George Brooks,' but wit ness-felt sure that it was not the ac cused's signature — probably the .ac cused's brother, Henry Brooks, whose writing he had seen. Witness saw. the accused some three or four days after wards, and accused told him' thai : he had teen 'burnt out. The accused took away claim forms, and returned' on March 1-5 with the schedule and de claration (produced), signed 'George Brooks,', and made before Mr. Cox, J.P. The claim was for £ 206. Wit ness, saw the accused several times ^be fore- and after the police court' pro-' ceedings lhat ensued. The accused said' that he was sorry he bad made a mistake, and. that if he had gotthft cheque lie would bring it back to^ wit- ness, as he hadn't slept since the fire. To Mr. Haynes: Witness had known' the accused by sight for 14 years, but had never had previous business trans actions with Him. It was usual for far mers to insure crops. February was a very bad time for bush fires, and far mers - generally ? insured their produce between November and March. The reason why the insurance was to date from March 1, instead' of a day or two previous, was because it was for one year, and it was better to commence on an 'even date;' E. Brown, a clearing contractor, said he noticed smoke near Brooks' home stead early in the afternoon, on the, day of the fire. Later he visited the place, and saw the Charred remains of some, produce. Continuing, witness said that Febru ary 26. was. the day when he had seen from a distance the: fire 'on the ac cused's, -property, and on the same evening .went to. the accused's ?'?: place, and saw a building, which' had been burn1.. - ' John Connor, constable in charge of the ? Goomalling district, which in cludes Jurokine, ^stated .that he made inquiries in regard to the fire that oc curred on the accused's property. '?*. On March' 21 he interviewed the accused, who said, in answer to a question, that the fire occurred on Tuesday, March .1. Witness told him that he ?had- heard 'it had ? taken place on Feb ruary 26, and the accused said 'Yes, it did.' To Mr. Haynes: The accused, in his opinion, was a simple man,- who pro bably knew little about insurance and less about law. He^did not demur in answering the questions which witness put to him.\ F.urther evidence was given for the Crown, and in the course of it, it was stated that the fire, according to the accused, commenced on February 26, and broke out afresh on March 1, arid that the accused had withdrawn his claim. Mr. Haynes also elicited the in formation that a harvester, which was not insured, had been also burnt In the fire. No evidence was called for the de fence. - In the course of his address to the jury 'Mr. Haynes said there was abso lutely no foundation to believe that arson had been committed. The ac cused was not versed in' mercantile usages, and knew nothing about in surance. Naturally, the accused would think his produce was insured on the day that negotiations were finally settled. Did the jury eVer hear of the insurance being delayed a1 few' days, especially at that time of th» year, when the produce was io menaced— when bush-fires might have occurred any day. Mr. Brown hadn't shown up in a favorable light He' said that on February 26 he had seerf a fire on the property of the accused, which adjoined his own, but he never offered to help to put it out. The ac cused had spent most of his time in the hush, and the Orown evidence went to show that he could only sign his name. The d^ument was there fore not written by the accused, who was not fully aware of its nature. The pury returned a verdict of ' not ?guilty, and the accussd was dis charged. The Japanese warships Aso and ?Soya . will; be in -Fremantle Harbor tto-aiiorrow (We?-riesday), and the s.s.' »2eph-iT will irun a trip from Perth at ♦J p.m. to view same. If the menof war arc open for inspection she will/ Cacd' passeamstfs .on boan^- ? '? 