Wagra. (From Our Own Correspondent ) Monday, January 3 The Christmas of 1909 will long be re- membered here for its bush fire and heat, and in welcoming the New Year we can only hope it will be so prosperous that the sufferers fiom the recent fire will make up their losses twice over before the next new yeaircomes round. Smoke was seen rising on Monday, the 20th ult., commencing in the direction of Mullengandia, and fanned by a fierce north wind spiead rapidly towards the river, but owing to the volume of smoke and the force of the wind it was impos- sible to locate the fire and until nearly sundown it was fully believed the out- break was confined to the north side of the Sydney Road, this, combined with the ex- treme rapidity with which it travelled pre- vented neighbors from helping each other in the usual way. The fire after crossing the Sydney road swept through Messrs. Gain Bros. and Fowler's swamp, and cross- ing the road rushed towards the river, burning out practically all Mugwee except the house and buildings. The wind hav- ing then gone more to the west the fire came up the river towards Wagra, burning fiercely along the river flats, and at the same time travelling towards the main Upper Murray road; it must have burned slowly during the night, as from 2 till 8 a.m. on Tuesday morning it did not make much headway. But about 8 o'clock the wind, blowing a hurricane from the north west, it raced towards Wagra attacking it both from the river side and down the Wagra creek, burning out on route Toonal- look Woolwash Paddock, Corrigan Bros., Gain Bros., Mr. J. Hore, and Mr. Wm. Barlow, but the very violence of the wind had by that time driven the fire into a narrow strip, which entered Mr. R. A. Hore's paddock, and burned his stock and . seriously threatened his house. It looked as if it must cross the road in spite of all efforts, but an opportune shower of rain made all secure at that end. The previous evening the larger volume of fire having been driven across the road a wing burnt eastward through Fowler's Swamp, and most unfortunately burnt Mr. Walter Barlow's house; passing on it threatened Mr. A. N. Mitchell's homestead at Toonal- look, but did not make much more pro gress from there, as the wind kept chop- ping the fire off into the burnt country, and when things were secure at Wagra, a number of weary but willing workers came up and finally stopped it. Eleven points of rain fell on the Tuesday night, reliev- ing everyone's mind. The losses from the fire round here are approximately as under, besides the fencing: — Messrs. Gain Bros., 3000 acres grass, many buildings, and 80 head of cattle; Mr. Pat. Hore, Mugwee, 3000 acres grass; Mr. J. Hore., Fairmont, 4000 acres grass and 300 sheep; Mr. Squires, Fowler's Swamp, 3000 acres grass and outbuildings; Mr. R. Hore, grass and stack of hay; Mr. Wm. Barlow, 200 acres acres grass; Mr. R. A. Hore, 200 acres grass and stack of hay ; Messrs. Corrigan Bros., 700 acres grass; Mr. Walter Barlow, house and grass; Mr. A. N. Mitchell, 2000 acres grass. The country round here presents a most dismal appearance, and rain is anxiously hoped for. While this is being writtten there is a fire burning in the Victorian hills, near Granya, but I understand it is being confined to the rough country. 