LIST OF SHOW DATES. Balingup. March 9. NOTES. There is still a keen demand for land near Dowerin, but practically all the Crown lands seem to be reserved for reclassifica- tion. At tho Government Land Agency in Al- bany revenue to the amount of £305 8s. was collected during December, and land to the' extent of 5.795 acres was applied It is reported that one Pingelly ..resident, who sent an order to the Agricultural pe partuient for a number of ewes, discovered thal two of the animale were wethers, be- sides some of which are a different age to that ordered. . Mr Glen, Government Stock Inspector, is now visiting Pingelly to explain to sttckowners tho tiranas Act, under which ¡ sbcepowners aro compelled to complete dip- j ping operations this month, and to register j their brands and earmarks. Mr. J. Hall, who has been engaged tur- j vcying Government land at Dowerin, re- j turned to Pingelly recently lo «ike up his ¡ old position as laud inspector. During his j absence no officer was appointed to carry on tho work, which should bo considerably behind. A considerable quantity of fruit and vege- j tables has been brought to Norseman from ; Iterance during the patt week, but owing ' to thc railway facilities supplies from Perth can now be obtained at very ' reasonable rates, and there is very little demand for Esperance products. The Earl of Crewe, Secretary of State I for ,tUe Colonies, aunounces that the Go- vernment has agreed to grant the Uri tish Cotton-growing Association JEJQ.OOU a year for" taree yearn for the purnoo of carrying on cotton-growing experiments j iu the colonies. I Mr. li. Lloyd, chairman of the Buck-! nail Steamship Lines, Ltd., states that r the ureak in the Australian wool {leight« will certainly inijwse a serious ïuss upon j (he AtiBtraiian shipping linet. Jflio action was, he said, as foolish and in- effective as it was unnecessary. J An estimate of the Australian wheat yield j this harvest shows the estimated pro- duction to be 82 million bushels. To this may be added the New Zealand es- timate now to hand, which is II million bushels; This gives a total of 93 milliua bushels for thc Commonwealth and Domin- ion, thc largest wheat figures yet reached by Australasia. Meckering railway staff sf nt away during ? the month of December 1.286 tons of general goods, included in which were 15,000 bags of wlicat. For thc same mouth in 1908 585 [ tons were handled. At the neighbouring i siding. Waeel, for December, 1908, 278 tons wore dealt with ; this -year's total was 546 ¡ tons, included iu which were some 4,000 bags : ?ot wheat. ! Mr. Peterson, manager of thc Canadian Pacific Irrigation Colonisation Cont» pany, read a paper last week before the Royal Colonial Institute on the Pacific Railway Company'6 project of icady-jnadc farms for settlers to the eastward of Cal- gary, with, loans to settlers for further improvements. A big fire occurred on Mr. J. Serfnon s estate, York, buming 800 bags of whent in lfcS6 than half an hour. Over 60 men carno to the jeecue, saving Messrs. Ham- ersley and Bürge's estates of over 5,000 acres, and other properties. Every district has formed a bush-fire brigade. The suc- cess of their efforts in extinguishing the big blass is thc first result. . An indication of the growing importanca of Narrogin «6 a market town was apparent at the laEt monthly stock tale held there by Dalgety and Co.. Ltd., which consti- tuted a record. Pen accommodation was insufficient, and had to be improvised. Tho firm's representative, Mr. J. E. Clayton, anticipates a continuance of heavy vary- ings. Mr. J. Brown, the chaiuuan of thc Tam- i beLiup Roads Board, met with a painful , accident in the Katanning railway yards. lie had driven a waggon j into the yard, when the horses got ¡ startled, and made a sudden rush. Mr. I Brown was knocked down, and one wheel ' of the waggon passed over his »left ankle, | injuring the joint. Mr. Brown was con- ! veyed to the Katanning Hospital, where he ! is now under treatment. i Harvesting operations at Mt. Stirling arc i in nearly all cases completed, and in many4 instances the new settler who has gleaned ] his first crop has already resumed the work j of clearing more land in readiness for tha j forthcoming seeding* time. The return per acre of wheat has exceeded the mott ran- ? guine anticipations, the Mt. Stirling home- stead topping the district, with an average of 27 bushels. At a meeting of the* Wongan i Hills Progress Association, il was ' unanimously resolved to send' letters i of thanks to the member for this district, j Mr. S. P. Moore, M.L.A., and also to I Messrs. Patrick, M.L.C., and W. George, 1 M.L.A., .who so ably supported the Bill for .the construction of the railway on the west side of the hills. The toial rainfall regis- tered here for 1Ö09 was 18m. 72points. At the monthly meeting of the Dundas Roads Boan! heW on January 12 a com- munication was received from thc Public Works Department stating that due con- sideration having been given to a request made by the board for the erection of a platform at the Norseman railway station it had been decided that the gravelled path in front of the station buildings was suflU cient for present requirements. ' Newsqf the death of Mr. .Mervyn Bunbury was received at Carnarvon, aîid evoked many expressions of regret at thc carly close of the career of an original and pub- lic-spirited personality and of sympathy with Mrs. Hanbury in her lo*s. Flags were half masted on all public buildings, aud. Bastón and Co.'s store, in which business Mr. Bun- bury was a partner, was closed for the day. Mr. Bunbury wa« one of thc pioneers of the district. Ile arrived there in 1879 and started the Williambury Station, which he had owned ever since. At a meeting of the Carnarvon- Vermin Boaid, the chairman (Mr. W. li. Fenner) stated that by February 14 HO miles of fencing would be completed, which ho le gàrded as a good record for ll months' work. The contractors. Innes and Bennett, have been relieved of their contract No. 4\. At their request the board consented io the superintendent taking over the plant and completing the work: Tenders aro now being invited for No. 5 contract, and the final section is now being surveyed. » Rabbits are still being found on both side* of the line of fence. Messrs. Elder, Shenton, end Co. held a stock sale in Mr. J. Anderson's yards ot Dowerin on Jan. 8. The talc was well-attend- ed buyers being prcFtnt from Northam, Goo- malling, Cowcowing, and thc surrounding districts. There WHS a good yarding of all classes of flock, and satisfactory prices were realised. A total of 727 thecp, 18 horses, and 12 cattle passed under thc auc- tioneer's hummer. Elder, Shenton, «nd Co. til GU ld feet highly gratified with thc result» of their first tale in this district. ' At Dowerin thc price of wheat is on thc rise, but very little burines* is* being done, fawners preferring to wait in the hupe that the price will reach 4s. per bushel before the end of the month. Large quantities aro being delivered at the. siding, and the rtation yard presents quite a busy scene. Thc bulk of thc wheat is for export or to fulfil contracts entered into early in the sea fon. Messrs. Darling and Son have a largo stack of wheat in the railway yard, and this is a good advertisement for the district. Mr. H. Rowley, City Aualynt, recently had submitted to him by the Midland Railway Company a uumher of Bpecimens of phosphntic f-tonc which had been taken off tho company's properly, some 25 milos from Moora. He stated last week that he had now completed his experiments at thc temporary works at Midland Junction and had reported to the company the satisfactory nature of them. Jiu had also «eut spécimens of thc finished pro- duct to England mid ot her countries, and now await« with confidence the various vpjiovtB as to thc value of his discovery. The Maror of Narrogin reported interview- ing thc Minister for Lands in Perth, when ho had preferred a request that more endow- ment blocks should be granted to thc muni- cipality, bul he had not received a favour*. able reply. He had, however, obtained permission to fence the water conservation ¡.rea so that it could be used as a.common tige. In answer to a request that tho block on which thc Land Office stands fliould bo fenced, thc Minister had stated that as this block would probably bc sold and the Land Office and Court business bo carried on in the same building he could not fee his way to do thc work. At present the Dangin railway siding has a very busy appearance, farmers in thc district being busily engaged carting their record yields of wheat io be trucked to market. Not only has tho wheat yield been a bumper, but the hay crops have been excellent, averaging between 2¿ to 3 tons per acre. Substantial proof of the record trucking of produce is afforded by the fact that tlic Railway Department has found it neces- sary to provide an extra train service week- ly. Farmers arc looking forward to the time when the local line will be joined to the goldfields line, thus enabling them to rómpete to belUr advantage with the Meck- ering and Tammin farmers on 1 lie gold- fields market. Shearers and t..e Pastoralists.-Tho three years' agreement between tho shearers and lli2 pastoralists of Western Australia having now lapsed it lias be- come necessary-for inc parties to come to a fresh agreement. It is understood lrom thc oecrctary of the Pastoralists' Association (Mr. J. H. Noble) that a mutually satisfactory understanding for the ensuing three years has been arrived at, and that as soon as the Association becomes incorporated thc ¡igreement will be eigned and registered at thc Arbitra- tion Court. Tlie terms of thc document will, he stales, then bc made pu-jlic. _ ^ "BroomhcllV estimate of the cxportablo surplus from the principal wheat prenticing countries during the year ending ,It:'y 31, 1910, together with the actual surplurcs for .the two previous ycart, ÍE as follow: E.timatí-d. .Actii-H. UW9-10. JOllí-3. ÜK17-& Qr« " Qrs. Qr«. V S A..1C.0SO.IH» lS.OMi.'GW l!J,tXiG,Oro Caroda,.S.C00.OW r.KiO.Mfl ?.000.000 Bussin..««.COn.nno-12.40<M¡<» 7.OBOO0O Bulkana ...Ö.0OO.OÜO 4.9H0.O1K) 2,900,000 India.. 4,<X»,«W 3,47U,MKJ 2,430,000 Argentine a n il ÜrUBTiBv. J2.0On,(ifiO i.i.no/w Nv?OO.00O Australia'".. '?- 4,sW,UO0 4.747,<000 l.fOO.tKK» Chili. Xorth Africa, tte. 1 £00.000 805,000 1,700,000 71,700,000 «1,032,000 53,159,000 The usual monthly meeting of the local Farmers' Association was held recently at Mt. Stirling, tho president (Mr. ; W. B. Parker) presiding over a very large attend- ance of settlers. The chief item of business considered was tho further extension of the Quaraiding railway lino to Ibis district. Delegates from Jennaberring Association attended, and it was unanimously resolved to form a railway league, whose* object it will ba to secure the construction of the lim as early as possible, and along the route which will serve the best country combined with the greatest amount of set- tlement. Mr. A. F. McBain, hon. sec. of the Mt. Stirling Association (vice Mr. J. F. Skewos, resigned), was appointed hon. sec. of the League, which comprises representa tives from the two Associations concerned. The total rainfal la»t year was a little under 18 inches. The following figures are taken fron) the table of Australasian wool exports for the first six months of the wool year, compiled by Messrs. Dalgety and Co., Ltd. Tho West Australian figures for December are esti- mated : Wool Kxport, July-December. Move 1908\. 1909. ment. Bait*. Balsa. Hales Western Australia.. 44,10fi il 'SI 2,i2ót Kew South Wales.. 5:Ki,430 477,450 5S,9SOt Victoria. 2S./.7C9 327,330 37,567» Queensland. 111,068 13t¡,«¡32 &),i(H» Boufli Australia .. 137,173 138,128 955* Australia. !,12_>,S4rt 1,123,127 2,419 New Zealand .. 142.127 163,917 21,790* Australasia .. .. 1,207,«773 1.287,04* 111,371» *liicrea-se. tUeereas». At tho Guildford Local Board qf Health last week, the- Health Inspec- tor (Mr. T. L. Keegan) drew attention in his report to thc fact that certain Chinese hawkers had been noticed carting manure in the same cart as that used for tho conveyance of vegetables, etc. This practice, lie considered, was most unde- sirable, as iu many instances the manure pit was the receptacle for all sorts of refuse. After discussion it was decided that the persons concerned should bc advised that the Board would strongly insist on a thorough scouring and cleans- ing of the vehicle in which manure had been carted before such vehicle was used in the hawking of fruit and vegetablep. The following observations by a leading firm of Hamburg agents, referring to the prospects in German markets for Australian apples during thc coming season, are of interest to local growers :-"Our home crop 1 of apples is small this year, and shipments of American apples are moderate, BB prices in America are too high, and the quality of the fruit in general leaves much to be desired. So, in our opinion,' prospects ought to be very favourable for next years ship- ments of Australian and Tasmanian apples, | and perhaps better prices will be obtainable j than last season. The worst detriment is ] the disease bitter pit. Everything should j bo done to subdue tl) is. It is a pity to tee apples of fine quality affected with bitter j pit, which sometimes goes right through j the fruit." j Tho "Standard" reports that a strong committee of slock-raisers in the Cana- dian province of Alberta has addressed n memorial to the tominion Minister for Agriculture, in favour of establishing chilling plants and packing houses throughout the west of the provine*, or cold storage depots at Montreal, and an open winter port, with a view of placing the meat export trade of Canada in a position equal to that of Australia and New Zealand. The committee proposes that a company with a capital of 8,000, OOO dollars (about £1,600,000) should be formed, and that the Government should guarantee thc company a profit of 4 per cant, on G.000,000 dollars (about ¿61,200.- ] 000). j A joint committee of the Perth and Fremantle Chambers of Commerce, together with Mr. T. H. Wilding, j MX.C, representing the Wheatgrowers' Association, met at the office of the Fre- j mantle Chamber, to fis thc f.a.q. stan-' dard of wheat for thc year. A largo ' number of samples had been received from various parts of the State so that a ! thoroughly representative collection of ! the wheat yield of the State might be scoured. Aflor careful weighing of the various samples individually and subse- quently cf the wheat, after all the samples had been mixed together, f.a.q. was fixed at C2|lb. to tko Imperial bushel, and certified to by those present. Small samples of the mixed wheat will be sent -to the different commercial contres and corn exchanges throughout the world, and particularly to the homo markets. Laud Settlement.-Returns furnished by the Lands Department show that dur- ing December there, was an increase in .- the number of applications received but | A decrease in the area dealt with owing to areaB of pastoral leases approved hoing smaller. The number of applica- j tiona and the areas approved during tho month as compared with the figures for November, which are printed in parenthe- ses wero as follow:-Conditional purchase leases, with and without residence, 244 (24,0) 92,834 acres (72.041 acres) ; home- j stead farms, 117 (80), 18,603 acres (12,712 ; acres) ; grazing leases (conditional pur- chase), 45 (26) . 36,660 acres (19,166 ] acres); applications out of repurchased ostatca, 1 (6), 184 acres (216 acres) ; pas- toral loases, 31 (46), 814,750 acres (1,105, 412 acres) ; special leases, 22 (8), 41,560 I ncros (46,067 acres) ; totals, 460 (406), 1,004,590 acres (1,255,605 acres). A telegram from Melbourne, published last week respecting a lotter appearing iu tho "Argus," over the signature of "H. J. Simper." and containing a complaint about the high inspection fees in this State which, il, was alleged, unnecessarily hampered the. f fresh fruit trade with the Eastern States,was ' brought under the notice of the Minister for Landa and Agriculture (Mr. J. Mitchell). The Minister replied that he looked into j this matter on several occasions, and liad Always come to the conclusion that the Go-i vernmenl was amply justified in making the charges that applied to imported fruit. It I should ba remembered, he added, that this | State was practically free from fruit dis- eases, and the inspection of fruit brought fron) other Slates had to be of the most rigid character in order to properly protect the local growers. The total collections i for tho half-year just ended amounted to only £1,300, and the expenses were not very far short of that sum. At times the collec- tions fell below the expenses incurred, and he failed to see that the charges could be re- j duccd. j For the last five or six years the Green- mount Roads Board bas been endeavourin? to r.e;urc tho throwing open for settlement of portion of the area known as the-Na- tional Park, which extends from Smith's Mill. This-park contains over 1,000 acres, and bas a frontage to York-road of many milos. Mr. Jacoby, M.L.A., took the mat- ter up, and was successful during last ses sion in securing the insertion in the Rede- dication of Reserves Bill of a clause pro- viding for the excision from the park of 410 acres which was to be u-ade available for settlement. The Bill passed the Assembly in the form in which it was submitted, but in the Legislative Council this particular clause was deleted. At the meeting of the Greenmouut Roads Board indignation was expressed at thc futile out- come cf so much striving, and the opinion was expressed that the Leg- islative Council could not have been seised of the facts of the position. It was pointed out that adjacent to the National Park thousands of acres were locked 'ip from settlement through being included in the catchment urea, re- served in connection -with the prspjial for the construction of a second dans below the exibting weir at Mundaring, and that the departmental ad- visers cf the Govern ment had agreed that portion of this could be utilised for park purposes, in addition to the 600 acres of the National Perk which it was not pro- j posed to interfere with. The Lands Department contemplated sell- ing a small piece of land in Parade- Street, Pingelly, near the railway station, which had been reserved tor years as a park, and offered in lieu of this to reserve three lots on the old show ground, and offered tho Agricultural Society £16 per lot .if they would concent to the depart ment selling tho park. The Agricultural Society dkl not consider they had anything to do with the salo of the reserve, which had been opposed by numerous residents at pub- lic meetings. It was agreed, however, to accept tho tippet price on three lots, on condition that thc department acted similarly with tho remainder of the unsold ones. The department ultimately sold the reserve, which realised the very handsome sum of £661, and at Saturday's meeting of the Society a letter was read from the department stating that as the Society had not agreed to their terms, tho blocks would be sold under the usual conditions, and tho towu would have to go without its reserve. As Mr. Cecil Clifton had pre- viously fallen in with tho idea of reserving two blocks in lieu of tho old reserve, the action of "the department in refusing to frant a reserve, after realising so much rom the sale of the old one, is considered very mean and paltry, and perhaps mora will yet be heard of it. A public meeting of settlers was held at Wannamal to consider the advisableness of forming a farmers' progress association. On the motion of Mr. E. K. Byrne. Mr. ft. Allerton Cowper was voted to the chair. The chairman proceeded to explain the ob- ject in view and pointed out the neces- sity that existed for the formation of a body such as was proposed to represent the dis- trict and urge the wants of the settlers upon the Government, railway and postal authori- ties, and in other directions. Wannaina' was behind in this respect, and it was ex- pedient for it to fall into line with many districts which possessed similar associations. He read the rules and form of procedure of the Greenough Farmers' Association, which he suggested should be adopted as the con- stitution of the society it was proposed to establish, making such alterations as their local circumstances required. He also sug- gested that membership should be open to the other sex, as he placed great value on the influence of women on public affairs. Resolutions were carried forming the so- ciety, to be called the "Wannamal Farmers' Progress Association." and adopting the rules read by the chairman, with alterations, as tho constitution of the association. The following were elected officers and general committee:-E. K. Byrne, president; J. S. Watson, vice-president; S. Sheridan, secre- tary; Messrs. D. Munro, H. Allerton Cow- per, W. Leeson, and Mrs. Wells. A vote of thanks to the chairman was carried by acclamation, and the meeting adjourned. Generally speaking samplers at the wheat stacks on the Fremantle wharf find that the class of wheat coming down is of a uniformly good, and in some in&tanoes; excellent, typo. In comparison with tho experience of last year the per- centage of rejected grain is a good deal - smaller. There eire, however, a number of exceptional cases in which the grower has evidenced an inclination to risk the " passing through of particularly inferior stuff. Truck Ga6043 from Cunderdin, which was subjected to the scrutiny of Dalgety"s receiving sam- plers recently was a case in point. The whole waggon load of 80 bags, owing to its shrivelled and wasted condition and to the preponderance of whitehead, barley, oats, and drake, etc., was promptly "marked for return '" Another similarly unsatisfactory lot came to hand in a G.D. waggon from Bungalla. This particular lot aroused a good deal of unfavourable comment when sampled. The grain to all appearances had been dealt with by the old-time method, and after being stacked loosoly on the ground pre- paratory to bagging had been gathered up m such a way that the bags contained a liberal mixing of dirt and gravel. "Sweep- ings of the wheat heap, nothing more or less." commented a sampler. "Gravel weighs well," he added laconically, "but makes had flour." In another isolated case a 99-bag lot of excellent grain had one solitary sack whose contents tt seemed consisted of the sweepings, smut, whiteheads, etc., that had been successfully separated from the remain- ing 98 bags. Seven trucks of grain from Hicks's Riding were also rejected, owing to its shrivelled condition. Apart from the cases cited, however, tho grain sent down up to the present has given local buyers and "brokers genuine satisfaction.. The local re- presentative of John Darling and Sons said that while his firm had re- ceived delivery of 16,000 odd bags of wheat at Victoria Quay, barely 250 of that quan- tity had failed lo satisfy the essentials re- quired by the receiving sampler. 