LATF. DISTRICT NEWS. Hsnty. (From Our Own Correspondent.) The wheat is still coming forward freely, and about 100,000 bags are stacked in tho yards. On Friday night a terrific duststorm pass ed over the- town. Tho wind blew a regular hurricane, hut ii'o serious d,amiige_rciioi'ted. Messrs. 'Rohfic and lvnobcl offered at Spence's Hotel on Tuesday 'Mr. Sinp,he:s homestead selection at Pleasant. Hills. Jt was passed in, and subsequently sold pr: viiiAJiy. I am informed one of our local butchers, also the baker, have disposed of their businesses. - Five new shops are in course of erection in Sladon-stroet. - Messrs. Smith and Bone, saddlers have already moved into one. Tho infant daughter of Mr. .and .Mrs. Glassop, of Culcairn, died here on Sunday afternoou. The little mite, was suffering from whoopinu; cough and bronchitis. A bushfire broke out on 'Wallandool on Friday eycuing, and burnt through on to Mr. Pacch's Sunshine Farm. A terrific windstorm was blowing, and consequently not much headway could be made in check ing it. Mr. Pnech had four stacks of hay, several miles of fencing, a quantity of new posts destroyed, besides a large area, of grass. Tho ordinary monthly meeting of tho committee of the Honty Schoolof Arts, was held on Thursday evening last. The minutes of the previous meeting were read and confirmed. Accounts amounting to £13/8/ were passed for payment. The treasurer reported the debit at tho bank was £lfi]/18/6. Tho billiard room receipts from '1st July to 31st December .amount ed to £30/19/6, The secretary reported -that ho had sent out. accounts as directed, but only one or two small accounts had rome to hand, and tho sum still outstand ing amounted to £.17. Ho was. again in structed, to request payment. 3t was re solved that tho attention of tho biiliard a'oom committee be drawn to the, finances, and instruct them to insist on the billiard marker receiving payment for all games pla.yed. It ww'is decided that the literary anck.^ debating committee appointed last season be requested to prepare a syllabus for the consideration of the committee. The secretary was instructed to have the spouting attended to; also to replace the burners in the top room. The meeting then adjourned. 