THE PIONEER'S WIFE. We've all sung the praise of the staunch pioneer, That battler, intrepid and bold, Who strikes from the groove and the beaten track In quest of a home and of gold. His frame is of steel and his heart is as big As a bullock's, when hauling from mire The waggon sunk down to the axletrees ; He's a man we in towns must admire. The forest will yield to his powerful strokes, And heavens ! how hard is his life, With his hewing and drawing and felling and such ;— But what of the pioneer's wife ? Why, yes ! We had almost forgotten his wife. When the bushfire sweeps threat'ning the homestead or run, Almost licking the sky with its tongues ; When the smoke-laden atmosphere sits like a pall, It's heated breath scorching one's lungs ; When the creek bursts its banker and carries away Years of labor in one single night; When lock, stock and barrel her home and her goods Join the stream in its oceanward flight. Ah, then comes the test ! See her fight for her hut In the smoke and the heat with a bough ; See her rescue a horse from the wild rushing creek, Whose current I warrant's enow, It is, To lift up and float off a plough. We love idle chatter with sweet demoiselles, Read the best and the latest in books ; We sit in munificence driving our car, While a masseur attends to our looks. But the gaunt, grim, great woman, alone outback, That woman both noble, and brave, Forgoes all the joys that a woman holds dear— She's a nation's self-sacrificed slave. With a jaw square and set and a muscular arm, She flings her defiance at fate ; She'll conouer the wastes ; she'll live and she'll die, For the sake of her children and •mate, She will ! She's worth thousands a year .to her State. And what's her reward for her national work ? For her sacrifice splendid and grand ? Methinks that historians centuries Mr hence Will deify her in the land. The ladies that now like the moths round the flame, Court Society's Janus-like smiles, Will be deep in the tomb of oblivion sunk, Along with their wiles and their guiles ; But the name and the fame of these heroines grim Who conquer our forests primeval, Will be loud in the land, resplendent and grand, And forgotten their sisters co-eval '; Oh, yes ! "You'll miss them in Hades, O Deevil ! —R. E. Burns. 