GEE AT BUSH HEE IN SOUTH AUSTEALIA. The following is from an Adelaide contemporary giridg an account of the bosh fires raging in the fienmark iist* ict of Sooth Australia :—On Sunday after noon (December 30) when the thermo meter stood at about 106 in the shade, a small pillar of smoke was seeu to rise in the corner of Mr Frahn's blocks on Pariuga, and despite immediate atten tion and a hard fight of fire day* the fire is now raging through Ned's Corner Station, cutting a black strip across the country of some SO miles wide, tat-iug fences throughout the various paddocks. How the fire s'arted is a mystery. No one seems to have been anywhere near the place for some days, and apparently the on'y way to account for it is that the sun must have lit some dry grass through the medium of a bottle. Within an bonr of the smoke being seen all the surronnding farmers were on the spot, and a great straggle to save the crops and home steads began Mr Frabn bad fortunately stripped his wheat last week, or he would have lost the lot, and as it was he had the greatest difficulty to save the stacked hags. This- was accomplished fav disci? g and ploughing round the heaps while the fire -was still sonic distance off, an I then backfiring as it approached. At the time the fire broke ont a wesieriy wiud was blowing and the object of the fighters was Jo get it ont into the back country away from the settled parts. They had almost succeeded whea the wind moved rouud to the north, and the yellowflamesnia Je a straight dash for Mr Zeiueit's large holding. When the wind shifted the fire was about one and a half uiiles from Mr Zeinert's boundary, and before he and helpers could get their discs and plough to work some 200 bags of wheat were licked np. Mr Zeinert saved the rest of his crops, stacks, and homesteads by putting double- teams in forge disc harrows aiid galloping rouu I and round the nearest point of the flames. So close had he to go that at times he ap peared to be engnlfed in die flames Once more the wind changed to the West, and the fighters had a small respite, but not for Jong^ It 'suddenly changed to about the worst point possible—east—and gradually im rcased m violence until half a g«ie wat blowing Back came the fire as fast as a man conld run, licking up the rest of Frahn's paddocks, going through the grass in Schmidt s and Walter's as though kero sene had been poured over the ground, and making straight for Antoney's stack and homestead. Luckily while the wind was in the west a lot of good breaks bad been made arouud die homes and stacks, and the fighters simply contented themselves with keepi-g the sparks down. Wonderful Resource. One incident is worth relating as showing that the ontback farmer, who has learnt the lesson of self-re'iance to a degree unknown in the more settled districts, is generally able to cope with a sanation demanding ins'ant action with a minimum of thought This, it need hardly fee said,js-onc of the ch-cf attributes of bush-fire fighting. While c*! -j"! Was makiug straight for bchmidt s, and men were engaged in backfiring across a wide newly disced stnp, a gust of wind whirled a large lighted mallee top high into the air. This was carried orer the heads of the line of men, and dropped in 2 ft. grass as dry as tinder. Almost needless to say, before anything could he done a aew fire had begun inside ihc defences Situated in the corner of this paddock was a small homestead, with out buildings, and tbis was apparently doomed. Grass ran within a few feet of the place, and the wood, of which it was bnilt, would have taken fire with a spark. Suddenly a clatter of bolts and the dram of galloping hoofs were heard, lfiere had been no consultation : Gnt one of the men knew the right thing to do, and did it. He rnsbed bis double team of horses, harnessed to a large disc straight at the nearest' part of the rf"*- £he idea caught on, and in a trice willing bands bad strapped the wires down, and the horses and disc galloped madly in front of the fire How the man stuck to his seat was marvellous In less time than it takes to tell he had cot a wide strip in front of the flames * ont even this was not enough. The flames swept over this as if it bad not been there., feeing tbis be turned bis attention to the house itself, and before the fire had got much closer a wide stnp of newly tamed earth checked it When willing workers soon had it under cjntrol. During all this time the flames bad teen rapidly spreading in other directions, and bad it not been for the promptitude of Mr W. Steckel and Mr Antondy inn., the whole of the hitter's father s place wonld have gone. To wards erenirg the wind died down, and the front was at least fairly safe 