THE AUSTRALIAN (ON HEARSAY). TO THE EDITOR OF THE H_KAL_. Sir,-Mr. Foster Fraser has joined In the old chorus about the tired Australian. Had he stayed longer, seen moro, and thought moro, ho might have withheld the expression of this ancient calumny. There are idlers everywhere, and we havo undoubtedly a leaven cf B.-ltlah self-sufficlancy and conaervativoi dls'.lko to chango; but it is only a leaven. In mlddlo and lower class life wo have a high percentage of insanities, small bank-i ruptoies, polico cofirt litigation, and' suicides through worry. These Indicate tho failure or misdirection of effort rather than lack of effort. For where men's minds, bodies, and fortunes are being broken, there must bo some hard grinding of the wheel of things. | Has our critic seen the selector attacking the forest and scrub in our alternately sun and frostsmltten interior? Has ho watched through long months tho grim contest of man versus timber, whorefrom emerges the cleared field, the fence, and tho homestead? Has he seen the long fight in the dead hot silences against the drought that consumes the grass, the wator, the flocks, and* crop? Has he seen, our settlers, men, women, and children, in their homerio combat with bushfire-where their helms ring dry enough-and the flood?. Has ho conjectured what underlies the fine, courage of the capitalists, banks, and store-| keepers, who supply tho golden sinews for, man's war against nature. Is it not confi- dence in the people? A man trusts his life to other men's caro with very light con- sideration, but we are very cautious about those we entrust with our money. It needs the insight of a Carlyle to appreciate what' Is being done In Australia by Australians, and a knowledge of mankind to recognise that tremendous exertions of mind and body must alternate with overwhelming lassitude. You must not judge a man who leans his hour, against a post until you have inquired whotherl ho has earned the right to bo idle for a' breathing space. In our primary industries there can be no continuous eight or nine hours' work a day. Nature and circumstances call for supreme exertion, and impose supreme idleness in due season. But the results ex- hibit the victory of those exertions, and our iteel-muscled, leathery bnshmen demónstrate at sight that they are not the product jf sauntering idloness alone. What is the talk of country youth In ita hours of ease? In the hotol bars, around the post-oftlco, It will bo of racing or cricket,, but in the gathering of loungers at the corner of tho paddock it is different. It is not of tho prospects of service or higher wages as a paid hand, but of the dominant topic of the bush-of the means for ensuring closer settlement so that they may havo an oppor- tunity of gaining independence, that start in lito "on my own," which calls for' greater effort, great strain of mind, than is over exacted from the paid worker in Australia. Bonding over the log and furrow, crouohlng In a dripping winze with pick and candle, using the mortice axe, driving the wedge, and sinking post holes, do not make for straight backs or square shoulders; but we aro start- ing to mond these aesthetic defects in charac- teristic way, seeking our cure In our panacea -moro work, effort Imposed on effort. We are going to do what England has not trusted the intelligence of her patriotism to suffer. Wo are going to compel general military ser vico, and our people will curso it, and sub- mit, because they have cursed and broken branches to beat back tho grass fire, _nd know that what man has worked and fought to gain ho must work and fight to keep. There aro some timid, incapablo spirits who think we can only Impose this training by protend- ing to our s'oung men that it is a new sport, but we know that the forests and the rabbits aro not festively attacked with ping- pong balls or cricket bats, but grimly with the axe and poison cart, and that Inevitable war must bo met with warlike preparation. Our racial spirit will make us sot about this new task so that we shall bo ablo to put an effect- ive belt of steel and shot to guard our soil and Institutions when tho need arises. Thero will bo a deeper line on our faces. Wo shall lean a little harder against tbo corner-post as our leisure diminishes. Mr. Frasor could not havo taken stock of our moral and material assets in the bnck country, but ho had some opportunity of seeing our cities from tho tram car. Did he notlco tho paving and uprooting of Sydney streets? Does that Indicate laisser fairei I or a discontent with things as they are, ami nn effort (mistaken porhaps In Its methods, but active) to moko them better? Wo growl at our Federal, State, and*municipal govern- ments, which is a sign that wo aro enough awake to notice their gyrations; and do not our governments constantly strain for con- trol of more and more-to do mere? Doos not the building of colossal ware- houses and office buildings proceed apaco the demand always greater than the supply? Are these due to house emptiness or idlers em- ployed only to sleep at their desks? These things indicate that the work, tho production of the country's workers, grows so rapidly that the merchants, bankers, lawyers, and I agents are hard pushed to record its volumo, and to deal with the business incidental to its production and distribution. The conges- tion of our shipping and railways, tho inade- quacy of our harbour and telephone arrange- ments, the necessity for remodelling the city points to the fact that production has over- taken the means of dealing with it, which is a curious result If it proceeds from general laziness, incapacity, or deterioration of racial fibre. Everywhere we see new mansions and cot- tages, motor cars, full theatres, and all evi- dences of distributed wealth and spending! power, and when against this is set off the exact amount of genuine unmerited distress that does exist thero is still a largo balance i to our credit that can only be accounted for! by attributing it to effort consistently, and in tho main intelligently applied. Each of us has his own opinions about the diversified work that is going on in production, politics, social reform, and business, and each calls this or that good or bad according to his lights. To each his choice of epithets, but it is hard, earnest work that we apply them to, though mucb of it is intrinsically wasted or I useless work, Buch as mino is in advertising an ubiquitous chatterer. Thero is too much attention paid to glib superficiality that writes of >us with one eye on what will take in London, and on the other on what will not give too much offence here, and that absorbs its knowledge of the coun I try through the ear. You don't get the undl I luted truth either from a Macquario- strcet clubroom or the Trades Hail, and If you bear both you are in a quandary. We are a peoplo restive under criticism, but when wo feel an unfavourable judgment is ? just we set our houso in order, although we I thank the judge with a few hard knocks. But I he must first show he has qualified himself I by observation and intelligent reasoning to ' bo a judge, for we havo no respect for the i olia podrida gathered by a capacious car and I retentive memory alone. -I am, etc., Drummoyne, GEO. A. ROBINSON. July 29;_ 