NOTES. The orchards at Gosnells are looking well ra. stone fruits, and ii. Í6, expected that apples and grapes will be plentiful thia year. Harvesting is proceeding apace at Katan- ning. In come eases both hay and grain crops will exceed expectations, but the aver- age will be much below that of last season. Reaping is in full swing afc Wongan Hills, and a good average yield is expected. A few of the crops are light owing to lateness of seeding. i'eculiar weather ie being ex- perienced for this time of lhc year, heavy dew almost every night, and quite cool (ill noon. . The weather'at Mt. Barker has been very changeable, and ocasionally rather oppres- sive, but considering everything a splendid season is being experienced. The gr« rs keeps ^optionally green, to the great satisfaction of stock-owners. The season bas been an unusually KOCK! one, and Messrs. Dempster have had a good shearing, beth at Esperance aud at Fraser Range. On out lying parts of the runs al Munglinup and Nairup, it is reported <bnt rabbits hare largely increased and are do- ing considerable damage. Farmers in the Beverley district are now busily engaged in stripping corn, and from what eau be gathered respecting the yield per acre a «nailer quantity than last year will be the result. There are good crops in sonia instances, both DÍ hay and wheat, yet it is thought the average will work out at something less than last season. . An unfortunate occurrence took place near Beverley, when the homestead of Mr. New- born Woods was completely burned out. The fir© ocenrred through some accident whilst baking, and before any furniture or goods could ne saved the damage was com- plete. A sister of Mrs. Woods is said io ? be a considerable loser in the shape of a piano and much clothing. Much sympathy is felt for them, as.no insurance was effected, and they are comparatively new settlers. The Banbury Traders' Association have been asked by the Donnybrook Railway Lea- gue to support th» proposed railway line from Collie to Preston, then via Donny- brook to Bunbury, This would only mean seven miles of new line, at a cost of £1,500 per mile, through flat «nd easy country, along which an engine could draw a load of SOO tons, as against only 250 tons on the present Collie line. It was decided to ka ve the matter in abeyance pending the re- ceipt of fuller particulars'. The storms at Wagin which swept over portions of Ihe district did considerable damage in parts. A strip of country start- ing about a mile cast of Wagin suffered seriously, several crops being levelled wit Ii the ground and will not be worth harvest- ing. Harvesting operations to the eastward are already in full ewing. The yield in a good many instances will not be up to that of last year, but, taken all round, it will not be nearly so bad as was. expected a month ago. The Wagin Agricultural fïo ciety will show a profit of over £66 oa thc , last' show. General regret is felt 'for '.Mr. Peter Collyu and family on account, of a painful < accident which Mrs. Collyu met with on Oe-1 tober 26, caused-by the violent storm which blew tho roof off their house at Moodlin, about 12 miles south of Cunderdin. Mrs. Collyu rushed into the roofless house to cover up tho bedding when the wall blew in on her causing very severe scalp wounds and bruises. She had a miraculous escape from death. She is speedily recovering. This is the second time that their house has been visited by storms and .the roof blown off. Dalgety and Co.. Ltd.. report :-Actinz on behalf of Mr. Sept. Burt, of. Brick House Station. Carnarvon, we conducted a" most successful'sale of fat and store ewes at our Beaconsfield yards on the 12th inst., when 2,000 ewes met with very keen competition. A representative attendance of country and metropolitan buyers was »resent, and bid- ding was most spirited throughout. Sales made were as follow-:-375 ewes at 15s. 2d. : 252 ewes at 14s. 9d. ; 451 ewes at 14s. 6d. : 158 ewes at 14s.; 84 ewes at 13s. ld.; 162 ewes et 13s.; 568 ewes at 12«. 7d.; 133 ewes at 11s. 3d. Settlers on the proposed Dumbleyuug Wickepiu loop Hue are much disappointed at no mention being made by the Govem tnent of the constructiou of this line. It is claimed that if the route was slightly al- tered to start from Nippering Siding, on the Dumbleyung line, a. very large area" of really firet-class - agricultural laud, compris- ing large belts of salmon gum and mor- rell country, would be served. The owners of a considerable area of this land claim that they are unable to put the land under crop as the distance, from a railway jg too great to make wheat-growing . a payable proposition. ..... At a meeting; cf the. Women ye Emig ra- tion Association in liondoii a de- mand was made foi more 'adequate protection for,: 1 women immigrants. Thc 'Âçyi Mr. Gwynne moved that the 'meeting, _ hatiug , received! unsatisfactory information concerning the methods of dealing, with, immigrants in .New! "South. .Wales a«& Queensland, would be, glad ito; heafc iiYthc ¡conimitJtee pf; the Itoyal Cojo nial .Institute was prepared ;to inquire [BB ' to thc arrangements made by the Agents General for the"6afety and well-being ;¿f'^dmên.' *Bieq ftsftlfttiân;-¿vafe; ¿áiùêk. t . '^ritó-fttioí^^^ »e i»oYdéfatlhin^gtríémi-0 grants to Australia and thc treatment meted out to the girls on arrival at their destinations. It was alleged that no pro- per immigration homes were provided! in New South Wales, Western Australia, or Queensland, and that the arrangements on board many of the vessels were not good. In addition it was stated t hat when the firle landed they were left friendless and unprotected. This has been denied so far aa this State is concerned. So far the season had been devoid of any reneationa) bushfire near Kellerberrin until lait week, when a fire that spread very quickly started from the survey camp at Malimnore, the property of .Mr. Watt. It would seem that MrT Watt was away for tho day at Cuttening doing como survey work, and a spark from the -cook's fire at the home I camp set fire to the tents and spread to som* adjoining crops. About 30 fire fighters were soon hard, at work, but before tho flames wero subdued about 70 acres of wheat had been burnt. The wheat was "estimated to giro a return of about 25 bushels. Fortu ¡ nately Mr. Watt's loss will bo partly cover j ed by insurance. I At a meeting of fat stock buyers held at the Bohemia Hotel, the following resolutions were carried :-(1) "That in the opinion of this meeting North Fre- mantle is thc nioBt unsuitable place for abattoirs, and for the practical working : of the stock business that could be found in the metropolitan area" ; and (2) "that for the local season the saleyards should be at Midlaud Junction, and for tho Kimberley season sales should bc held at Robb's Jetty." During the meet ing Mr. A. Watson dealt at considerable length with the meit marketing problem, and strongly condemned tho Government scheme for establishing abattoirs' at North Fremantle. Our Bradford correspondent writes under I dato November 18 :-"The market to-dav : chows very little .chango' compared with a week aga. Things perhaps are a shade more active, but with the sixth series of London sales starting next Tuesday all I alike are now waiting to know, what tho verdict ÍB going to be. An average amount ; of buying bas been. done, during the past j week, due to several spinners coming into tho market TopmaUers are fairly busy completing old contracts, and this week' the fast shipment of new wool from Adelaide's fi cst eaJe.is.due in Bradford. . Iinportine topmakers .are just where they, were a week I ago, and it will, haye to be A very superior article to command more than 2s. 3d. for a standard 64's top." ! Mount Stirling farmers finished hay cart ! ing two weeks' ago, and harvesting operations ; are now in full swing on every hand. This work has been somewhat delayed this sea- son, owing to the difficulty experienced in getting the necessary machinery. The diffi- culty is stated to be duo to tho lack of shipping space on (he inter-Stale boats. Tho returns of wheat promise to bo very high again this year. The FQBEOII haB been almost all that could be den i red, par- ticularly'favouring the late sown crops. If is expected that the average for this .>'« trict will be in excess of last year. The work of getting the produce to - mar- ket promises to be a rather protracted one, as the distances are great, involving two days' journey per load, and when farmers should be preparing for the ensuing season's seeding they will require to be on tho roads. Harvesting is in full swing at Cunderdin, and splendid results are being achieved, many stripping as much as eight bags to . the acre, while 20 bushels is common. The crops aro very clean, smut being in evidence only in a few places. The first of the new season's wheat was . railed from hero on the 29th ult;, since when several trucks have, been railed, some for auction, and the balance for flour mills. Farmers are not satisfied with cresent market prices, and purpose stripping. Complaints are rife amongst the farmers of the poor accommodation at the railway yards. Tho Department have promised to make considerable -improvements, but up to tho present there is no sign of a move being made. It is feared that unless something is immediately done Ibero will be no end of difficulty in handling the wheat harvest. A special meeting of the Central Cow- cowing Progress Association was held on November 27 to receive the report of the railway committee. The committee recom- mended that a deputation consisting of tho whole of the members of the committee should interview the Premier forthwith, but on the recommendation being put to the meeting there was a majority of imo against a deputation at the present time. A motion that the Association withdraw from the Railway League was negatived by two votes. Mr. A. Black .was selected to take the place of Afr. Nilsson on thc com- mittee. Rught winds, accompanied by some rain have been experienced on several days of the part week, and have injuriously affected some .of the standing corn. The first-.crop harvested .shows an average. of twenty bushels. Tho hay yield exceeded expecta- tions, over three tons an acre being stacked on several holdings. At the. monthly meeting of the Northam Roads Board, recently the -annual,,re- port and balance-sheet of the Roads Board Association were received. In response to the Association's suggestion, it was decided io write to the Minister for Lands urging the passing .of the Roads Bill this senoon» A letter was received . from the Lands «De- partment stating that the roads inline Throssell Area at Burges* Siding had fceen closed, and that -Mr. Burges'., application was, being considered: ? Members expressed the opinion . that .the : letter, was satisfac- tory, and that tíre troable witib: Air. Burges would.now be adjusted! Í Fi . W.vHeeres wrote -with.reference ¡to ilis application, for & portion of the old. racecourse-rcserwi at jGrass Vallejo stating J that .if >hisv spplica ¿ion, were ' gtfajitéd hfe wte; prepared toypro vide temporary accommodation ïot {ravel- ling stock, and to . take gravel from any portion of the property. It was decided ahàt iMr.ï Ofaiisen .ieee' tho 'surveyor and ar iramge -for i80» acres: -fobing .róao>-<A> ¡3». re (secvedv.tand.- the-west -boundary Uta ¿be a jàtraighjj, UorjiU, andjjSou^ljnB, tti»&nfi; to be''{brown open. Tho Northern Development League at their last monthly meeting devoted consider- able attention to the mail' time-tablé. Since the opening of tho Chapman railway line, tho train for Northampton on Mondays and Wednesdays is so timed as not to leave any ' interval for replying to correspondence th© esme day, so that letters posted in Perth to come up by the Saturday's train reaching Northampton on "Monday can only be replied to tho following Wednesday to be delivered in Perth on the Friday. It is urged that if the train instead of leaving at 3 p.m. were delayed till 4.30 p.m., replies by return mail would be made possible, and this view of th» matter was embodied in a request by the League, forwarded last month to the Commissioner of Railways. To this a reply was received that this change could not be «nade. The new.ly-formèd branches of tie Agricul- tural Society at Northampton, and the Far- mers' Progress Association ot the Yuba dis- trict, have each had their second meeting, and. both givo promise oT being useful insti- tutions. FflHher steps are to be taken by the Yuba district residents towards keeping alive Ibo agitation for the extension of tho railway northward from present terminus. Many hundreds of tons of material for build- ings, etc., are, . and will bo required, for . which heavy cartage has to be paid. It is claimed that had this been transported . by railway a great saving to the new settlers would have been effected. No beginning lias yet been made to -the improvements pro- mised by Mr. Short some month» back, as ! to facilities for working at the old railway station in preparation for tho coming har- vest traffic. ' This cablegram was sent to London through Reuters on December 9:-''Re- ference statements made special met. .ing Women's Emigration Association,' London, Wednesday, in relation treat- ment meted out to girls on arrival at destination. Colonial Secretary Min- ister in" charge bf Immigration, stat-' ed tio-day so far as Western Aus- tralia is concerned there is kell appointed up-to-date Immigrants' Home, -Perth, and homes in country districts, capable of accommodating ever- increasing number of immigrants, who are housed free in these bomes for three days, and afterwards up to ten days on payment small fee. Food provided wholesome and liberal. Press and immigrants different occasions commented favourably upon efficiency Perth establishment. Girls met by immigration officers and conducted to \ home, whilst lady official specially ap- pointed look after domestic servants, and to whom they can always appeal for help and advice, even after obtaining positions town and country." > The usual monthly meeting of the Baan- dee Progress Association was held at the ! railway siding on the 3rd inst., and was largely attended. Mr. Loller presided in th© unavoidable absence of the prepident., Mr: W. Growden. 'It was resolved that th© Uhder-Secrelary for Lands be written to. asking tho Government to declare and sur- vey a townsite at Baandee, and to point out tho very rapid progress of the district during the past 12 months. It -was slated that in the matter of railway passenger traffic, a very considerable number of the 'Baandee, settlers had to give Doodlakine and Hine's Hill the benefit of .their fares, owing to the objection of the Railway Depart- ment to stopping the express trains at Baandee, and it was sincerely hoped that this inconvenience would be soon removed or at least minimised. It was resolved to ask the Kellerberrin Roads Board to have the road running south from tho siding through the lake formed as soon as possible, io facilitate traffic during the coming winter. Members present gsvo very satisfactory reports as lo harvesting, etc., tho lowest reports for hay -being 25cwt. to -30cwt. off new ground, and for fallow ground 45cwt. to 60cwt., while thoso who had stripped, wheat reported 15 bushels and over from new ground, and 20 to 27 bushels from fallow. , Messrs. O'Connell Bros., of Desmond, Dar " kan, have at our request supplied the fol- lowing particulars of their champion Shrop- shire ram, Channel Fort, 992 A.S.R., who received first, reward at the recent Perth Royal Show. * Ho was bred by Mr. A. E. Xlansell, of Tasmania, in the season of 1908. His sire was Decimus 308, Tasmania F. B.,a eon of the famous Wild Rose, 11,230 B.F.B.. brought out from England by Mr. Mansell when founding tho Mount Vernon stud in. Tasmania. His dam was Eve, No. 1,889 Tas- mania F. B. The sire of the dam was Forti '.fication, imported 9,498 B.F.B.,and the sire of tho grand-dam was Rosebush, 10,104 B.F.B. It. will bo seen from the above that Channel Fort combines in his pedigree some, of tho finest blood in the Shropshire stud book. His breeder, Mr. A. E. Mansell, was for years one of the leading breeders in England, and he at present occupies a simi- lar position in the Commonwealth. Channel Fort is a splendid specimen of his breed, typ- ical Shropshire, thick fleshed and firm with great bones and exceptionally well-covered with a fleece of dense wool of long staple. Dalgety and Co.. Ltd>. report:-We held a special sale at Darkan on the 9th inst., when an exceptionally large yardin? of stock came forward, 31.172 sheep and 23 borses coming under the hammer. A larg» and representative attendance of buyers was in evidence, and we report a total clearance of all sheep yarded at very satis- j factory prices. Most .of the sheep yarded at this auction were of excellent quality, hence competition for most lots being spirit-1 ed. Some of our sales were as under:-20 weaners, 10s. ; 419 ' mixed sheep, 11s. : 23 ewes. 4s.; 300 do.. 11s.; 100 wethers. 11s. Bd. ; 106 owes. 11s. 6d. : 16 weaners. 7s. 7d. : 36 ewes, 11s. 6d. : 103 wethers, 15s. 3d. ; 1 merin« ram,' 63s. : 3 merino rams. 63s. : 1 merino ram, 639.-. 1 do., 63s.; 2 merino rams. 42s. ; 162 ewes, 13s. ; 45 lambs. 8s. j 6d.; 67 ewes, 9s. 6d.; 45 lambs. 8s. 6d.: 67 ewes,. 9s. 6d. ; 45 lambs. 8s. 6d. : 108 wethers, 13s. 9d.; 56 wethers, 10s. 4d.: 1 vam £1 ls. ; 120 M. ewes, 13s. ; 78 ewes, '12s.; 93 wethers. Us. 6d.: 51 lambs. 7s. lld.; 153 ewes, 12s. 6d.; 70 wethers, 11s. lOdi; 46 do., lis.; 66 mixed, 9s. 9d.; 177 mixed, 11s.; 69 weaners. 8s. 7d.; 36 ewes 4s.^6d.; 1 ram, 21F.; 2 rams, £5 5s.: 126 mixed sheep, 10s. 6d. ; 65 weaners, 7s. lld. : 60 weaners, 9».; 26 ewes, 12s. 10d.; 26 wethers. 13s. 4d.: 53 ewes. 10s. 3d.: 1 bay gelding, 4 years, £18; 1 chestnut mare, £7: Iv bay mare, £18; I do.. £45; 1 chestnut Tnaro. £38; 1 bay mare. £21 10s.; 1 erev gelding. £7 10s. j 1 black mare, £6 10s.: 1 black gelding, £10.; 1 black colt, £10 10s.; 1\. bay mare £10 10s.; 1 eelding, £12: 1 do.. fll 10s.; 1 geldine. £9: I "bay jreldine 2310s. v An adjourned meeting of the pastoral- ists buyers, and produocrs' agents was dheld at the Builders' exchange to consider «afttterâ «rising out of stock sales, and also the following resolution submitted by Mr. J. Morrison at-the previous meet- ing :-"That the weeMy stock sales now held at the Midland Junction and North Fremantle yards oa Wednesdays at ll a.m. and 2.30 p.m. respectively do not meet the convenience of sellers or buyers, and that it is the opinion of this meet- ing of the various parties interested in .the stock-sales that in future the weekly stock sales should be held at Midland Junction on _ Wedneeda vs, holidays ex- cepted, and at Bobb's Jetty, South Fre- mantle, on Thursdays, holidays excepted, the hours of saleB to be fixed by the" agents." The meeting last week was. largely attended, and wag presided over by Mr. W. J. Butcher. M.L.À. Mr. L. Darlot submitted an amendment to the motion to tbe.effect that, a sub- committee should "be appointed to go into the ques- tions of the time and places of sales, thc conveyance of stock to the yards, etc. The amendment was carried. Mr. f rank Wittenoom suggested that auction sales should be held at Midland Junction and North Fremantle on alternate Wednes- days at 2 p.m. It was decided that the sub-committee 'should take that among other matters into consideration. .The disabilities which it is staled some of the provision« of the Health Bill how before Parliament ..will impose on the dairy- ing industry have recently been discussed by the Cattlcowiiers'. and Dairymen's Asso- ciation and representatives of local butter factories, who have expressed'a desire-that the measure should be modified in certain directions in order bo meet tb^ conditions. "One complaint," said Mr. J. M. NcFar laue, speaking on behalf pf the Catt leowners' and Dairymeji'e Association, "is that there hag been no special provision made for tho protection of vendors and that the classi- fication has.been framed on the same basis tts that for dry foods. Firstly, a good deal of the milk supplied to people in and around Perth is delivered by vendors who have no interest in cattle and simply pur- chase their . milk from the cattleowners. About 2,500 gallons of milk are distributed in. and around Perth daily-1,500 gallons ty people who do not own cows-and four , firms bet ween " them distribute 800 gallons every day. In the drafting of the clause under notice the vendors have not been sufficiently protected. How are vendors to assure themselves that all.the conditions set out in thc clause have been complied with when they have to lake delivery of the milk at .the city railway stations? The position ia impossible. The clause does not specify what are unwholesome foods, and they would ike to know whether it means foods which produce strong flavours in milk. Un- wholesome foods in any other meaning would not apply to cows, as they, arc good judges of what is unwhole- some. Dairying , establishments in this Stale have not reached a sufficient stage of development to . enable them to employ aiaiysts in order to ensure compliance,wifn some ot tho more stringent provisions of the tili." The Minister for Lands, in introducing tho vote "Lands and Surveys, £80,789," in tho Legislative Assembly on Tuesday, said that it was anticipated that the system of decentralisation adopted in the appoint- ment, of district surveyors would obviate delays. Last year there had been surveyed nearly a million acres more than the area surveyed ih the previous best year. The increased cost t>f tho department, however, was only about £947, as compared with tho previous year. The amount owing to the department on September 30, 1910. was £3,622,000, as against £2,700-,000 on June 30 1909. That indicated the great advance which had been made in land settlement, la' 1909 they sold under conditional pur- chase 8W.807 acres, while for the eleven months just passed they had sold 1,574.185 acres. That was. an answer to the state- ment that many were unable to secure farms. Up to date 1,487,000 acres had been given away, in free farms of 160 acres each, distributed amongst 9,300 persons. They had reserved for subdivision something like' 17,000,000 acres, while 18,000,000 acres had been alienated or were in the process of alienation and 70,000,000 acres in the South West and Huela divisions were open For selection. -The improvement; conditions had never been -more satisfactorily carried out than they were being carried out to- day. They had at present cleared or partially-improved something over 5,000,000 acres, as against something over 2,000,000 acres four years ago. They were deter- mined that the land adjacent to the rail- way lines should be brought into uso so far a» the Act allowed them to interfere. He was endeavouring to open up the country by putting down dams and wells and clear- ing roads. Tho year had not been quite all that they had expected. The crops were fairly good in the inner districts and very good in the newer districts, and he was very hopeful that, notwithstanding that the area under crop was approaching 1,000,000 acres, the average yield for the year would" be quite up to the average of last year. That opinion was not shared by 6ome of his officers, but he had visited the back country and it seemed that they were going to have very good crops there. 