[?] -..'Ja.j- j—r ,si'.£. : .. "'i.Vwwf f. ' : - '- "Y 5 ifow trrELE JEH: ED THE I "V :Y' SHEPi" ' ' By SUSIE M. GULLIFER, Barellan, :. i; ; , N.S.W. ' It was painfully evident that Jimmie Graham was not happy, for his cheeks bore the marks of recent tears, and the corners of his mouth drooped tragical ly. There was quite a number of rea sons for his unhappiness. For one thing, he was quite alone;- for his mo ther had gone off in answer to a mes sage from a neighbor who was very ill indeed, and his eldest brother and his father were out in the harvest field, "fixing up things in case of fire," as Jim would have told you, and Leila and his two younger brothers were at school. But the thing that troubled him most was that he and Leila had that morning parted— bad friends. Leila was his twin sister— the "odd one" of the family. She was about as different from Jimmie as one twin could be from another. She was fairly tall for her fourteen years — and dark; her eyes were grey, and her hair black. The family were proud of Leila, for she was really, clever, but somehow she failed to win much love. She wasn't that kind; when Lelia loved she worshipped; but she never showed it much, and her pas- | sionate temper often betrayed her into : saying and doing things she deeply regretted afterwards; but she was too proud to own up to that fact. Her mother she loved passionately; and Jim — poor, little, crippled Jim — she i mrrviil/? Via r<a mrAn iir» o nTrflin/v " v » v. fc vu up aujrviiiiig i.ui CVCll her cherished dreams of school and college. But her unfortunate nature prevented her from letting either of them see it. It was a pity; a great pity, for her mother's heart ached when she thought of her girl, the only one of the family from whom she had ex pected so much, cold and self-contain ed, making a confidant of no one, seem ing to care for nothing save her books. She felt that Leila was missing the best in life-— her childhood. And Jim's heart ached, too. often, when "Le." went off and left him with' the younger boys, and busied herself with a book. True, she never refused him anything that it was in her power to give him; but she didn't seem to care, and Jim would have given ever so much to feel that he was Leila's friend and confidant. But though a loving sort of boy under ordinary circum stances, he had enough of Leila's shy, proud nature in him to make him treat his sister differently to the others. So they were really playing at cross pur poses, and Jim was plainly unhappy that morning, for, though not close comrades, he and Leila seldom quarrelled, and neither of them could have said exactly how it happened on that particular morning. Jim sat and gazed out across the blackened country just around the house — the fire-break — across the sea of long withered grass, and further out still to the dull bank of clouds out north -oast He knew- nerfectlv well that that bank was smoke, and that meant bush-fires. He knew, too, that the. whole household— the whole country-side-rwere afraid of that fire, and it made him feel worse about being left alone, even though the house was safe enough in any case. It wasn't that; it. wasn't the danger that made him feel bad about it, but it was be cause of his own uselessness. Jim hadn't always been a cripple. When he was ten he was as active a boy as you'd see. Then there came an accident, a forbidden climb, a fall, a blank, then months and months when he couldn't get out of bed at all; And now he was a cripple, unable to walk j at all without his crutches, unable to I go far with them, and at times like these he longed for the power to help — to be, able to do something. 3?g4#QUed for a long time, out at the g\cIoufl of smoke ;then, his. Tyes"Jifn gfrom the glare of the sun, hb 'turnefli 3 wlooked the other way, at the big-'grfegneen gums, nearly two ; miles away phew were — that marked the 1 the swamp, whose slimy waters n out across the coun- that corner of his father's selection. They always called the paddock next to it the "swamp pad dock," and there was great grass there just then, very long and very dry, es- pecially down about the corner next to the swamp. The three hundred sheep that Jim's father had sold, and was to hand over to the buyer next day, were there. He had been very pleased with the price he bad got for those sheep — and had promised Leila that the money should take her to a better school next year. Just how -much that meant to "Leil" only Jimmie knew, and lie won dered if those sheep were safe. The "breaks" round the paddock were good, he knew; but then — if the wind rose— Well, bush fires have a disconcerting habit of crossing "breaks" . just when they are least expected to do it. r He wondered why Alan hadn't thought of v turning them out into( the swamp Y leavlpgLaddle toloofcftor than. lAd- ! die was the best sheepdbg about. He could manage a mOb carry, tar Jim. , Haw » tb«iboj?ana t young master. The morning dragged -wearily away. Jim's father and brother came 4n early in the afternoon Just to see that the boy was all right, hilt they stayed no time and talked anxiously about lire and fire-breaks. The fire was getting too close for unconcern to be possible, and 'they wondered how matters were going to end One thing, the sehool should be safe enough, and so was the neighbor's, where Jim's mother was. Before they left the house Alan and his father spoke of the sheep. "They should be all right," Alan said. "I turned 'em all down into- .the corner next to the swamp, anil the fire shouldn't get into the padlock at all!" Jim sat and watched that fire for hours, it seemed tohim, though it couldn't have been so very long. . It burned right up along the break round the swamp paddock. The heat was in- tense, and heavy, for there Was hardly a breath' of wind, and the sun shone with a queer, uncanny sort of light, through the smoke. Everything seemed just ready to burn, and the Grahams thanked Gnd that day that they had secured their homo from fire early in the year. As Jim watched a great fear entered lifts heart, and he wondered where they all were; If they were safe:; the children at school — Leila—; then all at once ho saw something that drove out of his mind all otlher thoughts. In the west ern corner of the swamp paddock a tiny tongue of flame rose — and died -down again. The fire had crossed the break; it would burn down into the long grass, and then ! What a flare it would make! And the sheep? They wouldn't have a chance of escape. The others were too busy to see this new danger— busy on the other side of the Selection where tihe crops were. And these sheep meant Leila's schooling! What was he to do? The boy thought quickly. He had been told not to leave the house; but then He looked out into the blazing heat, at the sea of dead' grass stretching between him and the comer, at fiiis crutches — and at Laddie. Tf he only had some sort of path to travel on he'd do It, hot as it was; but — He thought some more; then, scribbling a few words to Leila, telling her what Ice intended doing, and asking her "to forgive liim for this morning, because he was sorry, and her own Jimmie," he pinned It to the door. Then, arming himself with a little "file, and calling to Laddie, he set out. His face was cry white as he got down the veranda!!, and his colorless lips were pressed tightly together. For he had new tried to go so far since he had been "hurt, aud lie knew that if the fire caught liim in that grass, he liadli'-t much chance of seeing Leila or his mother again. It "was burning slowly enough now, "but ff the wind turned round some, and rose a bit, Jim knew how quickly it would travel. ft was a horribly foolish -thing for a small boy, handicapped as lie was, to do; but he wars of the Australian bush, where the folks who give in easily don't count for much. He never will quite forget tlia-t trip. At first it was easy enough, but after he got into the long grass hfs strength began to fail, and it was hard work. The heat was telling, too; and several times the boy fell heavily, and only regained his feet after a struggle. But, exhausted as lib was, lie had to go on then. It was his one chance of Life. At last he saw his goal in sight, and his heart beat high in triumph, for the sheep were all camped "in the corner. Then it stood still, for a dense cloud of smoke rolled over hi in -almost smother ing him; It was only a matter of min utes till the whole place would be burn ing fiercely. He sent Laddie "round the sheep, and feverishly attacked the fence with his !ilo; before Laddie and his charge arrived Jim had the top wires cut through, and together they rushed the sheep through the opening so made. The boy's head was swimming, and the air was full of smoke. He could hear the roar of the flames, and feel their hot breath. It wasn't far from the fence to the edge of the swamp land, fortunately for .Timmy; but the boy fell - twice before he reached it. The second time he did not regain his feet, but crawled, baby fashion, to the very edge of the slimy water, and there he collapsed, face downwards, In the long green grass, just as a tongue of flame reached out after him. It was late when they found him. They had begun to be afraid that he had j been caught by the fire, when they J came upon the little fellow, still on- ' conscious. And when the searchers : carried iai the still form, there was a great fear in Leila's heart — a fear that she might never have an opportunity to eay that she was sorry for her hasty words of that morning, a fear that the place that Jimmie's bright face had j filled in their hearts and homes would be always empty thereafter. And for some days no one could eay for sure that it would be otherwise. Perhaps it wouldn't have been, either, if Dn Darrell, who had been a school - mate of Jim's father years before, hadn't called at the little homestead on his way through the district, and stayed there tlU the boy was out of danger. It made a difference in the home atmos phere, somehow, that illness. It served to show how dear that small ; boy, crippled as he was— a burden the neigh bors said be must be — was to one Mid for the shadow of death opens folks eyes to the veal thingsnif iife»aa.notlt Ing else can. Ahd it served to show, too, that Leila, thoughtless, hasty Leila, could be thoughtful, and gentle, i and patient. In short, "it drew together the members of the family, and streng thened the bond of love between them. To the twins it brought most. It banished misunderstandings, and made them comrades true, and, best of all, on Christmas Eve, there came a letter from Dr. Darrell, asking permission to put Jim under a course of treatment which, he believed, would go far to wards giving him back that which mis fortune had taken from the boy. There was a quiet happiness "in the ( faces that were to be seen round the table, next day, when Christmas dinner was served, and the Spirit of Peace smiled kindly down on the little home on the Plains. - > 