ORIGINAL STORY, . ? ?» ? THE MAN BEHIND THE PLOUGH. [By Glen Gaeel] All Eights Reserved. A steady, drizzling rain was falling and drops dripped from the leaves of the trees, and fell with a soft patter ! patter! on the dried leaves below. Some fifteen niiles back a range of mountains towered towards the iron grey sky. To-day they were just dimly perceptible behind thick wreaths nf rnlline va.nnr. The other side of a small rise, a thin blue line of smoke ascended from the selector's hut. Early as tbe hour was a stalwart young man was steering a big stump -jump plough over a tract of newly-cleared country, and the keenness of the morning air was testified to by the steam rising from the backs of the well-fed horses. From the timber near by arose a ^ joyjful, chords of feathered songsters — m^pi^r|vfi^'l?ftBfcails anu *hnishes. Close at hand calves could be beard ' baa-ing' for thjsir: mothers, and tbe ? answer from those faithful animate was borne distinctly on the morning breeze. ' Well) old man, hard at it,' said a cheery voice. Tbe Man Behind tbe Plough halted bis team. ' Why, Smith,' he said. ' You're an early visitor ?' .^ The -stout, middle-aged new arrival shrugged his shoulders ruefully. ' Yes, worse luck. Broken the shaft of my dray, and came over to see if I could have yours for a day or so.' ' Why, certainly. Gome up to the house and take pot luck. These early winter mornings give one an appetite.' Ten minutes later the two were doing justice to an excellent meal proVided^sby the old shepherd, who also acted jas cook. . '4 ' WaU/are you quite reconciled to the place yeV, or* are you still rest less?' queried the visitor. 'Still have the restless fit I wouldn't mind hanging to it if there was any immediate prospect , of a railway, but; it seems to' me it's as far off as ever. They send the wrong men down, to enquire into these matters — men who are no more com petent to judge soils than a London cockney* 'whb ? tas never -ieft-fais native heath.' ' 'Nil Desperandum, old chap. 'ft Stjnkjip^iiM's.niy advice. And now I'll have to be going, as I pro mised Bess I'd hurry back. So long.' 'FBy-bye.' That evening, as be wended his way behind his tired team Tom Wallington, although be was not by any means in a satisfied! frame of mind, could not help feeling that tbere were many compensations amongst ^be^riaifl.. He was a lover of Nature and this helped him in ?4r many, ..stays, ,A$ he pursued his home^fttar^iy -he - jvatofied; «ld @bl sink slowly behind tbe distant hills. The white fleecy clouds gently gliding above tbe horizon caught .up the sun's reflected glow and presented an harmonious netting of beautiful, soft, changing colours. Magpies warbled their evening hymn of praise to the great 'Architect of the Universe, and a small willy-wagtail trilled sweetly to the partner who fiat patiently near by in her tiny nest. . . * * * Six months later. Hot winds had been blowing all day, but now — 10 p.m.— the air was still but oppressive. Wallingtou, who had been reading Grant's 'Romance of War,' tired out and weary, went off to sleep with the open book stall in his hand and candle still burning. What awakened him he did not know, unless it was the furious barking of his cattle dog. He rubbed his eyes and sat up in bed. , How bright it was! Yet, by his watch it was % o'clock, and to the best of his knowledge tbe moon had disappeared early in tbe evening. He got up and went to tbe window. At first lie thought the world was on fire. A sheet of lurid iiauie seemed to reach to the sky. With a sinking feeliug at his heart he rushed to the door and opened it, to find that the homestead appeared to be surrounded by a sea of lire. He hurriedly dressed, and having let the dog free made bis way to tbe stables, where tbe frightened horses were plunging furiously in their stalls and endeavoring to break out. He turned them loose and saddled Brown Bess, who was, fortunately for him as it turned out, the fleetest mare in the district, and a famous jumper. Away like the wind went Brown Bess in tbe direction that Walling ton considered to be the most favor able to take. Wild animals of tbe Australian bush were hurrying along tbe same line of march — kangaroos, wallabies and even opossums were travelling for their lives. Crash! A sturdy tree fell peril ously near tbe -.-mare and her rider. The gallant beast plunged in fear an d then went faster than ever. Suddenly Brown Bess swerved so quickly that Wallington — splendid horseman though he was, narrowly escaped being unseated. And then, as quickly as a lightning flash, the cause of the mare's fright was re vealed to him. A horse with a broken leg, vainly struggling to rise. An old man lying prostrate on the ground, his bead being supported by a young girl. Wallington was off Brown Bess in less time than it takes to write this down. He quickly 'sized up' tbe situa tion. Tbe man was old Mr Eobert son, from Mallee Springs Station. The girl was his niece— a young lady whom Wallington had seen on rare occasions, but had never met. A brief examination — there was no time for ceremony — showed him that : the man was dead. There was no need for questions and, is any case, the girl was not in a state to answer them coherently. ' Brown Bess will have to carry the two of us,' said Wallington, as be lifted tho almost fainting ' girl to the saddle. And well did Brown Bess perform her task, unfortunately breaking her heart in doing so, as many another brave beast has done for its master. * # * ' i What a lovely day it was. Tbe sky overhead was clear and blue. A gentle breeze blowing up bill bore with it the fragrance of the wattle blossom. And to two people who sat side by side on an old gum log life was very beautiful indeed. Presently Wallington spoke. 'How delicious tbe air feels up here.' ' y«' Silence for some time, during which two or three young rabbits that had been frightened into their burrows near by, were bold enough to pop out tbeir heads. Finally, they became bolder, and leaving their burrows they approached to within a few feet of these stupid people who had so little to say to one another, 'It seems strange that if I had not met you the night of the bush fire, you would have been leaving for England the following day, and I would probably have never seen you again.' ' If you had not met me the night of tbe fire I would not have lived to go to England or anywhere else, stupid man.' ' True. The bush-fire brought us together.' Another long silence. Then — ' How awfully grand and solemn these old hills look.' 'Yes.' The long lashes drooped. ' And the impression is given that we two are the only mortals left in tho world.' No answer. A magpie flow to a small treo neai* by and carol 1*1 joyoush. When he had finished ho thrust his head on one Bide as if to say—' What a silly ]mir are these two creatures sitting on that old log. They won't say any thing, they won't walk about, and they seem afraid to look at one an other.' And the magpie warbled again. Still those ill-mannered people did not appear to notice him, so tbe bird flew away disgusted. ' I said just now that I felt as though we two were alone in tin world.' ' Yes.' Almost a whisper. ' Would you be content to be alone io the world with me.' And the answer was good and sufficient. Mrs Robinson : ' And were you up tbe Rhine?' Mrs De Jones (just returned from a Continental trip) : ' I should think so ; right to the very top. What a splendid view there is from the sum mit!' 