em serial story ' HELdTPALEY.' BTIBBING AUSTRALIAN STORY. (By W. G. Brown). V CHAPTER XV. Helen and the others then setuea i ' back to read thedr letters. Helen op ened the letter from Mrs. Geaky. The / moat interesting part to her was at the end. She read, 'That man, Burton, Who nearly Willed you, called hero yes terday, diking most particularly $01 K you. I told luni, and I hope 1 did f miriit. that I did not quite knew where you aro just now, wto ch m, very nearly ?truo; and that you had been gone for. eighteen montbi. He of-ked foi youi last address, and I sent, him to the Dru matio Agency, and ho seemed put out when he knew that you had)- become, a ?.theatrical. I laid it on pretty thick, far ho wasn't humble a b ttle bit, hce Jng that he knew I knew what I do about tarn He was more angry than grioved I think.' She oxprased a hope that he would Booh, see Helen again. Helen's face showed trouble, and he \ rose to retire. x\7T*yvrt lIia V»o/1 rrAYirt TVFrA nm.li? said, — 'I tliink that gil has xecetved news that has- bothered her, Petei , I wag lookbng at her after she read her last letter.-' . Ho eaid, 'I noticed it, too.' Ho aighed and took up his letters agnfn, and Ms eistei went on with her's Prerently he Bahd— 'Just read this, Martha, it ifl eeafxme ' Mrs. Craig took the letter from hia hand, and saw it wai- a proposal mad© in due form to her brother for the hand of line daughter, Ada, by Her bert Stairs. s He had not yet spoken to her, But had Jnfqrmed Mr. Walter Pi'ce, Dalton'a cousin, that ho in tended, to write to her father. Ho gave an outline of hig prospects, which were excellent, and wrote an altogeth er manly letter. Mrs. Craug said 'We are going to lose her, Peter. There is nothing to stop at; it is a mocb eligible ojffer, all tho same I know the StaJrs'. , 'Yes,' said Dalton, I like tho tone ' of the lettei , it m straightforwaid and h'onest, and I think wo must consent if Ada, wants it There' no. hurry, stliough, uo we can watt and. see before 1 ' J we do anything rai the matter It will bs a lonely house foi us, when die goes, far she haa been, the life of it 1 It has to be thoHgh, I suppose ' ^ Mrs.' Crang then rose, and gathei ing up ner letters, rewrea, leaving ual ton alone. / On her depaituie, he dropped the letters he had been read1 ng, and be £an to think over Ada's probable mai rnge. H*Je thoughts then tuined in the direction they had ui often taken, of'late. Involuntarily he looked at the chair where Helen had been, seated, ' and noticed on the floor a letter He packed it up and looking at the enve '16n-* ''ttriAv Air 'RrtiAfor'e. : ii.rMrne -An flin flap He land it down topi the tnble it hm elbow, anc1 turned to the fiie agam. 'A lawyer's letter What hm she toi do with a lawyer I'm sick with love like a boy rn Kb teens,' lie thought. ( 'She's tio,ubled, pooi little thing1 Why cannot the t,ee that J .1111 want ing her She ii- staunch and true, to and proud She refu&ed; Adu'~ letlei to Mnitha, and it take. bOme coiHa,'e(to refuse theioldgul anything (she want The brown --yeC flashed, 1 10— ,i'id Maitha «ave 'in— I don't th'nk Ma-th.i would mind if ? ' A alight no se at the dooi cm ed him toi look around, and he -=iu\ it open ed, to admit— Helen, i 'E\cuse mo tor troubling jou Jlr Dalton, but I tlHnk that [ hn\e d-op ped one of my letters. I lmvo L'enrched along, the passages ,and could not find Jt. Is t heie'' Dalton took it from the table w th-nit 'a word, and handed jt to Iipi Hi, \- hand touched hei'i , nnd the touch M.111 all thoughts of prudence to the v ml-. lie pwd, 'Tlu6 ik an oppoittm tv Ma. Paloy, winch 1 may not h.i\c again If you will spine 1110 n vei- low minuteo of your time, I w-ai tell jmi something whieli luis boon troHbr.113 nit' ior iiicnuiR. Helen looked at him, and saw tlin! 'in.hfs eyes' which nmde her wisli to e,? capo from tho room. 'The -looi ib O|)on. Mi , Vn\o$ ' lie B[\l'kl, gravely, and if you do nob clioo.se to 1 i-ten, tlicio i'= nobody - n tin., iiousu who will compel vou to do ^o I winp ly nnk you to liMen ' Helen Mud lnnncdl\, 'But— but Mr Dalton, 1 mn — tinil I — T— I -u ,, Jate I thoiupht, too, that you .mil .Mi, Cin'iii had icbiied ' '1 till nk Unit th'is it, ju-t tho t mip You will i-it mid WeiiJ He lunuj'lii a chair foiwiud, uid uho iifttM hioKuic at lie dctoi iimiotl fnrc gnvo wmj iiid £C!llOil )n-i«nlf TTii ..(. ? I ...:*l. i ? i t \----« ? -^.. ul --l-ii,vi ivuii 1 1 \\($ Ijjll I* to tho fire, mid ciMiiinunceil. tl'wi) yours ago, MiV-h Pnloy, r counted myrolf 11 rich man. Since thai, timo you Imw ? seen part of t|10 figI|(, T ,;j|V(, ))(,on making t(j hold wlint I have. At pn-. ^ sent I am looking forwnrtl („ tho pr,»,; pect of ruin, nr fiomotli'vug Kko it, '?! wo do not gel. ruin at Hit- oiul ,,|- six Jiionths. Tlie buck oomitrv will we imp through t,il| then. sti«-\iltl thorr- I,,. none, Ilion, ns I Imvp sjii.l, | rt|ii, II 1,,. a poor limn; n,r at, loiu-t «o lmdly prip pled thnl it. tuny lie yomv |,,.f,,m | ,,.,„ hold up my hoiid i.f;,,!;,,. a.Ih ,« „,,«? „ womnn, mid l.y to-UiiyV ,„.,!! r hilV(, recoivod 11. roruml pmp,,M,l f,.f),n tj,,, Mr. Sim'™ that you k,,.nv of, f,,r }wr hand, find if k1,0 i,* will-ing-', | i/hnll conm;nt.' Holoii bronlliod more freely. Wluil, who fonrwI—Rlio wns nol, vure what, she feared— and but. kfjc tho look jn lr'/s eyes- ? Ho coatllnued, 'Twenty years, ago I met my late wife; I waiji twenty -two years old then, and eho eighteen. We married and came up here vr&th; tho litfle capital my father bad left no be fore his death, and bought thtw coun try. Ada -wae bom, and w© were very happy until .a dreadful . mfiijfcjrtune ov ertook' us. The country waB'thea very llIgllTiiy GtUClWU, WlOi« LUIU ww^ *ui-vi»jF winter ralins and a dry spring, 60 that there was abundance of feed an Octo ber of that year. I was opt on the run ojie day, on the other side of the river, and happening to look back to wards the house, wUich was not aa now, a largo building, but only a mere i,hell, I saw a great column of smoke arise. I knew at once that a bush-fire had started. It .was a good deal to the southward of tho homestead, but there wflb a steady biee/e blowing, and I know that at would he on to the QiouBe in less than an hour, and I was a good fifteen nnlca away I turned the hoi se instantly, ana raiae an iujj. vjjwsu.. j.k was n. race foi tho l'lveo. of my dear ones. When. I reached the fiver; upon which the house was '.ltuatcd, I 6aw Qiat I was too late, for the fire had swept o;ver the whole place, and! was now away to the north. I was mad with terror.--I put the honje toto the river, but landing on the other side, he would not face the smoke'- and. still blazing stlicks, which were falling 'in the belt of the scrub winch fringe? the river between the house and the river. I dismounted, determlined to make 'my way to where I expected to find my dear ones lying burnt, when 1 heard a shout frAm the bank I had just left. A utranger was calling, 'They are safe, and .over heie.' I caught my hor=e aga'm, and swam hem back, to find Gilligan, our dear old friend Gil lfgan, had ]ust come in tho nick- of time He had swum the river with tho child fiTst, and then my wife, and placed them in Safety. There had been oply one man left at home that day, ajpoor, half-witted fellow who was cow-boy and that sort^ of thing about the place. Ho penciled, for he ran be fore the fire, and wo found H g body, horribly burnt, a few days later. G1II1 gan did not escape icatheless, he'- lias owe mark to how to this day to remind him of that terrible fire. Ada, my wife, became seriously 'ell, and never recovered, for, as you piobably know, she was a chronic invol'id for years be fore she died. My sister Martha came and took charge of my motherless cWld and home.' Dalton looked at Helen, and eemg toars, of pity standing m her eyes, went on,— 'We, Martha and I, have very few relations, nnd none very dope, andii our darling ji? Likely to bo leaving us soon, and wo are not at all happy at the prospect I am not a i-ioh man, and likely to be poorer ' He then said dimply, 'Will you marry me, Helen I love you nnd have done co foi long— I— wo want youveiy much.' Helen started up quickly. 'Oh' was all sho could gasp.' 'I know that I have loved you since that night at the mail change-^smce T looked i-nto tho.e beautiful ' brown ojes I am muc'i older than you, 1 Know, but I want you, and I know that Martha wants you, too What do you ?iav?' Sim \\\n.s ivtoll too ngtated to. speak 'You ,ue not nngry'' 'Xoi' she said, 'not that ' 'Then tell me Am r .1 k njr for ?smnoth ng jyui cannot g\e'' She «m» looking -\t h m -with r.h n n? e\e? but rTunugli o\crw helming d»-t on st'll slcnt He to k ,1 couple of tcp., fniw.nd. and, tnkiiiK her hand, 110110 too gent ly, \\-;y'-d, 'You must ii'iisww mow.' ( Sin? looked lit him. and Kueing lliu j Piis-4'ia in His i'neu, -said. '1 11111 your I sifter's pnid -|L'pmulnul, but if I lov-;-l yous I would not co'ii^dor Hint, J likti you, mid )mv-! loo iiuu'li (.?.?nine, xn j tluink you and yours for tho Ijciiofit.- | you have- showered --ii inc., but T rid not luvo you in tin' way I Ihinl; 11. wo ninii i-hoiild love a num. Im, ninny you.' 'I'm thorn any other man?' ho nskoil quickly. 'j\o; tliisro 'is no man I liko or e.'v t.i.-oiii Us [ do jvi,u. I'loiiiio lot mo go. What would your sister tlu'mk, if ? ' 'Vou will not loiivo Marooklah in uonsuquviiuooif what. 1 lmvo juKtisaid?' he (isiioil quickly. 'I- -1 — 1 don't, know. I niust th5uk. Sho withdrow her hand, and Inking up her letter, which hnd fallen to tho flivor, left tho room. 'Wuii Id she. leave. MaroulUuh?' wiu} Hi..' liurilon of her thoughts, tw sho hiy lln'jiking of IHs wordy. Tim end of her thnuglitH was that sho didn't quito know what to d--, and analyisiij of her fceWnt-K showod her -plainly Lf s-ho didn't really lovo Poter Dalton, she hiul uomo very nourly doing eo. She left the docwimin to lfato, and slept. ('I'd be. C'oiitiiiuod To-morrow). 