NOTES. Two camel teams were seat away from Sandstone to Carnarvon. and a number of teamsters will be shortly on the move to other parts of the State. One owner bas received a contract for carting 600 tons of sandalwood to South- ern Gross. ^ It is notified in last week's "Govern- ment Gatette" that Mr. II. F. Johnson (Surveyor-General) has been appointed a member of the Agrie iltural Landa Pur- chase Board, in the place of Mr. W. Paterson (manager of the Agricultural Bank), who has resigned. Ii view of the large business which » nour being done in wheat tho Perth and Fremantle Chambers of Commerce ha.o added to the list of commercial charges ap- proved by them. "Wheat sales : On sales < f wheat, one half-penny per bushel for tho first 1.000 bags, and one farthing per bushel for the residue about that quantity." Theso i Crown lands will be made available for selection on February 22: -Mangowine, 57,000 acres; Knungaicu, 00,000 acres; Burracoppin, 96,000 acres; Kwollyinn, G.231 acree; Wollainbiii, 12,699 acres; total, 237.930 acres. Thc following week about 129,000 acres will j b« made available. On Thursday of last week Marble Bar I had 130 points of rain, Warrawoona 95, and Nullagine 17. At Brockman four inches have fallen in the past few days, while at Carlindie Station two inches were recorded. - At Eastern Creek, where the mines are situated, the creek ran, thus ensuring three months' crushing. There is every appear- ance of more rain. The farmers are alarmed at the rapid spread of noxious weeds in the York dis- trict. An appeal is to be made to the Go- vernment to appoint an inspector. The results of a good harvest are now showing their good effect on trade. In many casee farmers who have been unable to settle accounts standing for over two years are now in credit. N An important meeting of wool buyer» in London last week unanimously re- jected the suggestion cf a committee of colonial wool importers to abolish the present draft allowance per cwt. The meeting considered that thc abolition I of the allowance would lead to serious) trouble throughout the trade. ' Dingoes and rabbits are reported to ba very plentiful tn the vioinity of Fraser'« Range ana Southern Hills, and the former are causing much destruction amongst the sheep. Dingoes are also very numerous in, tho vicinity of Norseman, and are a source ] of continual anxiety to poultry keepers, j Several scalps were brought into the War en's office during last/week. A storm which occurred last week at Messrs. Brockman Bros.'' Corunna Downs Station, caused considerable damage. One building waa completely tua roof ea. The roof, with the wall-plates attached, flew through the air and crashed into a bed- room, which was completely wrecked. Seve- ral other buildings were damaged. Three inches of rain fell, and the storm was worse han tho one that visited tho same station wo years ago. A runaway, with peculiar results, which might have ended more (seriously, occurred at Pingelly, when two horses harnessed tan- dem fashion to a cart containing a few bags of flour, bolted from tho flour mill. When passing the Pingelly Hotel, a man named Kelly attempted to stop tho leading horse, which collided with him with so much force as to prow him to the ground, and the wheel just shaved him by a few inches. When turning ¿oro» the railway line oppo- site tba Exchange Çotèl, the leading bone stumbled and fell, find the shafter feu on top of », whilst the cari toppled over, the goods being scattered some distance. A peculiar accident happened to a horse belonging to Mr. J. Haider, fanner, of Bast Pingelly. The team were returning nome af- ter delivering à load of wheat At Pingelly, when a (Hissing vehicle caused the horses to bott. The shalt horse pulled back, and the harnea/ breaking the horse fell under the waggon, which gassed over it and broke it« hind leg. The shafts of the waggon, lack ing support, fell to tho ground ana were snapped off. It was.some time before the driver regained control of his team, which fortunately he did without further mis bap. Land Selection.-It is the intention of the Lands Department to throw orien some large areas of country for selection during the next few weeks. Full par- ticulars will be made available at the i Lands Department, and those desirous ol' taking up land need only make inquiring at the Department as to the manner in which they should proceed and the class of land open for selection. Under the new system recently introduced by the Minister for Lands an intending selector is easily able to obtain the fullest in- formation from the departmental officers. Bunbury Land Agency.-During Janu- ary the Government land agent at Bun- bury received five applications for a total area of 6,924 acres. One of the applications was for a pastoral lease of 3,000 acres, and one for a homestead farm of 160 acres, the balance being for holding under conditional parchase. I .Wheat carting still occupies the attention I of tho farmers round Beverley. The yield in the district generally appear« not to be to heavy as was earlier anticipated, bat in the majority of instances the harvest this year hag been a payable one^and ideal weather has been experienced inv-he hand- ling of the crop. The average yield fee^the district ls expected to be between 13 «nd 14 bushels, and the sample is an excellent one. The irregular running of the mail train from Perth waa discussed et the Council meeting a few days ago, and it was decided to write to the Commissioner pointing ont th« great inconvenience caused. The secretary of the Bunbury Show (Mr. Hales), on behalf of the preai dent and committee of the Wel- lington Agricultural Society, presented Lord Kitchener during his visit to Bun- bury with a case of three trays of as- sorted West Australian fruité. Lord Kitchener hos since written thanking the Society and congratulating them upon being able to grow euch magnifi- cent fruit, a portion of which was taken cn Board thc B.Td.S. Asturias lo^diow to Inc Governor-General ULfrd Display}. Hie fruit was packed and%éTpplied rv Mr. Jas. Hawter, of Mullalyup. Mr. H. Allerton Cowper met with a pain- ful accident at Wannamal on the 1st. inst. Whilst proceeding to Mr. W. Byrne's farm one of his tulky wheels carne in con- tact with a blackboy, with the result that Mr. Cowper was thrown out on the shaft and between tbe wheel, and being en- tangled with thc reins, was dragged some distance before the pony stopped. Mr. Cowper was badly cut and bruised about the head, face and body, and suffered from shock and slight concussion. Fortunately, the mishap occurred close to Mrs. E Wells's homestead, whence assistance was promptly to hand. The kindest attention was given to the sufferer, and on the following after- noon be was taken to his own home, where he is making a steady recovery. A law caso which created come interest was hear at Pingelly, before a Bench con- sisting of Messrs. O. A. Naylor, G. B. Smith, and G. A. Lawrence, J's-P., when Mr. Price, of Brookton, sued his neighbour. Mr Gilbride, for £8, the value of a bull which had boen killed by defendant, owing* to an alleged faulty operation. It appears that the animal in question had broken into. Gilbride's paddock, and for seven months had molested bis cows, and destroyed bil orchard, and when Price, who had no other, cattle-, was asked to remove lt he refused to do ao. Gilbride's reason for the opera« tion was to prevent it from creating annoy- ances. After hearing tbe evidence the Bench considered that Gilbride should have given three days' notice to Price of his intention to operate, and inflicted a flue of £2, cadi party to pay his own costs. The representatives oí Victorian firms sell* Aig produce in Western Australia havo com- plained to the Stato Treasurer (Mr. Watt} that the Western Australian Government had demanded that they shall pay income tax in that State on tho profits on their goods disposed of there. The firms con* tended that suoh action on the part of the Western Australian Government would be serious impediment to their business in tba* State, ana would amount to a demand tot a duty on Victorian goods in contravention Labour Party they would find that of the spirit of the Federal Constitution. The Victorian Ministry is communicating' with the Western Australian authorities on the question. "If Victorian traders aro to be penalised in this way by other States,*' remarked Mr. Watt, "it will be a serious thing for our State. we do not lovy any. such taxes on the produce of other States." The first meeting of settlers of Kodj Kodjin was held at Mr. Shaw's residence recently, with the idea of forming a Progress Associa- tion for this area. This was dufvyarried out by the 21 members present. An execu- tive was formed, consisting of Mr. Shaw, president i Messrs. Crake and Flower, vico Sresidents: committee, Messrs. Strickland, >ushi, and l?cedj hon, secretary, Mr. L. B> Eilet. Dlçcuiadons . took place regarding1 mail service, new railway ai Kunonopinj clearing of surveyed roads, water supply, ap* pointment of à Justice- of the peace, and th« secretary i£ás instructed to request the pro« per authorities to have them urgently con» eidered. After the meeting closed, the ment* hers had a friendly chat over the future pros. poets cf the district. The general opinion was that the soil was exceedingly good, and that at a very «arly date the beet milling wheat in Australia would be produced ill the district. The majority cf the settlers will have in from 10 to 50 acres next reason. AU the blocks in this area are now occu- pied. Settlers with wives and families are arriving weekly. Jandakot, noted for its swamps «n£gpuid, dissatisfied settlers, and deputatfonaaslmhe Government, baa furnished another diffi* culty, which the Minister for Works was la¿t week asked to solve. The deputation on this occasion consisted of two factions,. One wanted the west ward, or a greater por- tion of it, taken away' from the Jandakot Roads Board and given to ¿he Fremantle) Roads Board, and the other did not» Th a Minister stated- that it waa only a few years aso that the portion of the district in question was transferred from the Fremantle Roads Board district to? Jandakot, and if it should be rc transferred now it would mean that snout one-third of their revenue, and one-third of their impor- tance would be lost to the Jandakot Boara. It seemed to him that the complaint was, si usual the grievance which some, residents of the district had against those who adminis- tered the local affairs, believing that thc« spent the money nearest to their own bold; togs. In reply to that, he would say that' they must remedy that grievance with the" means which they had at their own dis- posal. They must cleanse the Board if it was necessary by putting in other, men io represent them, by taking up the duties themselves, if they had the confidence ot their neighbours. He had heard nothing BO far to warrant him in saying that the Jan- dakot Roads Board waa not doing good work, and he had not heard sufficient to justify the adoption of the separation pro-' posai, which would mean the extinction of the Jandakot Board. - Recently a very large bushfire, ] wiich originated near where some burning off was being done, about six miles from Mt. Barker, on the Blackwood-road. burnt a Eroat tract of country, completely gutting I otmnesg and Sons' largest paddock (1,000 . acres of grass), and about the same area of paddocking on the Mt. Barker Estate, about j 20 sheep were burnt. Sounness and Sons had COO sheep in their paddock, but after a good deal of difficulty they managed to get j most of them away safely, only losing a dosen or so. The Mt. Barker Estate was j very fortunate in not having all its build- ings and haystacks burnt to the ground. The fire got within ten yards of the hay- j stack, and burnt the palings of the front garden of the dwelling house, and s large sheu which was full of whitewood fruit case shooks was ako just saved from de- struction. The fire practically reached the abed, but- bf lp arrived in time to demolish' Hie flftiti^ Great credit is due to come of t&e;»ftCÇ-fighters, whu were apparently tire Ut¿. The flames at times were 30ft. ahead of the fire. Needlers to say, great difficulty wa» experienced in coping with such an enemy. The damage done was, compara- tively speaking, very slight, and (besides the few sheep burnt) consisted of only grass feed and a little fencing. In passing it might be mentioned that the glass registered HLueg. that day, which is the highest reed- ing ever recorded at the local post office, only on two other occasions haB tue 100 been regtstored, there two being lOOde^. and lOzdeg. This, no doubt, speaks well tor our beautiful climate. Bitter complaints are beard among pro- duce merchants concerning the shortages in tho deliveries of wheat at the big coastal centres like Perth and Fremantle. The grain is loaded on to the trucks at the country stations, and the receiving firms are adriana that so many bags are despatched. Uponk arrival at its destination a truck whetriinloi jjptf ' is found to be several bags short of the number stated to be aboard. In some cases, it is declared, from five to ten bags will bc discovered to be Dissing. These shortages are stated to bs matters of daily occurrence, and already the losses this «rason from this came have run into hun- dreds of bags, one firm declaring that they haye lost (rom 180 to 200 bags through it. Representations have been made to the Railway Department on the subject, but' it is stated that the Department disclaims any responsibility, and contends that every bag loaded "is delivered to consignees, and that the shortages must be due to m intakes made by the consignors or agents when loading the wheat on' to the trucks in the country. The authorities are further stated to ooptend that no matter from what cause the shortages arise, they cannot be held liable, the wheat being carried at "owners' risk." Produce men contend that the fact that these shortages are literally of daily accurrence, and aro so heavy, point to syste- matic pillage cn the railways, and that fel- ine protection of the community generally, as well as all those engaged in tho wheat industry, whether as growers or buyers, the railway authorities should take steps to thoroughly investigate lue matter. Shippers of produce to Western Aus- tralia (says the Melbourne "Argus" of January 28) have been informed by Western Australian merchants that in future they propose to do business subject to a condi- tion providing for arbitration to be held in Western Australia in oase of dupute, and proridiug for the contract to be interpreted j ny tho law in force in that State. The pro -1 posed condition is in the following terms ; "If at any time any dispute, doubt, or question should arise touching the construc- tion, meaning, or effect of this contract, or any clause or thing herein contained, or the right« or liabilities of the said parties hore-1 under or otherwise however in relation to this contract, then every such dispute, doubt, or question shall be referred to the arbitration of two indifferent persons and an umpire, such arbitration to be conducted in all respects in accordance with the pro- ! visions of the Arbitration Act, 1895. Such arbitration shall be held and proceeded with I at Fremantle, and any stich dispute, doubt, or question shall bo decided by them in ali respecte in accordance with the law for tue ! time being in force in Western Australia. And for the purposes of deciding suoh dis- pute, doubt, or question, this contract shall bo deemed to have been made at Fremantle,1 and the parties hereto domiciled in Western Australia." The proposal is not regarded a« j acceptable by Melbourne chippers of grain, potatoes, and similar goods. j 