FROM DAY TO DAY. Happenings Outside the District. At Deniliquin on Tuesday the P.M., on behalf of the court house, police and gaol officials, made Mr B. P. P. Kemp, the departing C.P.S., the pre- sentation of a handsome silver plated inkstand. At the Deniliquin P.P. Board on Thursday Messrs G. O. Smith (Bundyulumblah) and Geo. Vine- combe appeared on a charge of non-compliance with the act with re- gard to the destruction of rabbits. In his evidence as to rabbit destruction Mr Smith produced his ledger show- ing an expenditure of £314 10s 4d from 1st Oct., 1909, to 30th Sept., not including cost of plant. The Board decided to give these holders two months and one month respectively to dig out the burrows to the satisfac- tion of the inspector, failing which the Board would put on men to do the work at their expense. At the Deniliquin police court on Thursday Neil Johnson and Edward Johnson, charged with assaulting and occasioning actual bodily harm to Albert Chas. Field, in company, were committed for trial at the Narandera Quarter Sessions to be held on the 22nd inst. Bail was allowed, each accused in £100 and two sureties of £50. The trouble over which the men were committed occurred in the vicinity of the Court House Hotel, on the 15th of October last, and Field received a double broken jaw and was considerably bruised about the face. One hundred and one points of rain fell at Deniliquin last month, making the total for the year 1613 points, Mr Beeby is the only Minister of the McGowen Cabinet who is a New South Wales native. The Premier was born at sea, Mr Neilson in Copen- hagen, Mr Griffith in Ireland, Messrs Edden and Holman in England, Mr Trefle in Victoria, and Mr Car- michael in Tasmania. At Narandera last Tuesday Charles Ng Kin and Geo. Kook, charged at the police court with sly-grog selling at the Chinese Camp, were each fined £30 and £2 3s 6d costs. A young man named Edward Hales shot himself with a pea rifle at Mr A. Crook's farm, Gobbagaula, Narandera district, on Thursday morning. Mr and Mrs Crook were away from the homestead when their little boy ran out to them and told them that Hales was bleeding all over and dying. Mrs Crook at once set out for Nar- andera in a sulky for assistance, and on the way in the vehicle was cap- sized, necessitating Mrs Crook, who sustained a severe shaking, staying at Gillenbah for medical attention. When medical assistance reached the farm Hales was dead. Deceased, who was 35 years of age, was subject to temporary mental lapses. A threatened beer strike for full pints is agitating the public mind at Newcastle. The kind of strike that is now brewing is entirely novel, and the fact that it is being entered upon by coal miners enhances the novelty, A very largely attended public meet- ing was held on Wednesday night at the corner of Hinds and Carrington streets, West Wallsend, the most populous of the district mining towns, for the purpose, of discussing a pro- posal to strike for full pints of beer. A resolution was unanimously carried asking the publicans to give glasses holding one pint to all who may pur- chase beer and to reduce the price of bottled beer from 9d to 7d. A serious shooting affray, supposed to be due to jealousy, occurred on Fri- day afternoon on the BlayneyMil- thorpe roads. A sulky containing two men, named Oswald and Jones, and a woman named Sullivan, was overtaken by another sulky in which was an acquaintance named Wheeler. The latter ordered the woman to get out of the vehicle, threatening to shoot them all if she refused. Wheeler then fired three shots, one at the woman and two at Oswald. The first shot grazed the woman's arm, and one pellet entered Oswald's body. Wheeler then pulled Sullivan out and placed her in his own vehicle, and drove off, leaving Jones to drive his wounded companion to Milthorpe. Wheeler was subsequently arrested at Blayney. The rush of Victorian farmers to the Wyalong and neighbouring dis- trict continues. In the event of the Cowal Creek scrub 50,000 acres being thrown open, there will be a big rush for blocks, as the land is splendidly adapted for wheat-growing. Referring to the political situation a metropolitan exchange says : — ' Labour has been accused of cham- pioning liquor. But the Labour Cabinet certainly hasn't strong sym- pathies that way. It would be hard to find a more temperate team of ten men anywhere. Mr McGowon is a blue- ribbonite, and most of his col- leagues, if they are not whole-hoggers on the temperance question, wouldn't finish a bottle of grog between them in a month. Sobriety, indeed, is a characteristic of Labour's Parliamen- tary fighters. The man who hopes to rise from the ranks to sit in Ministries hasn't much time for the flowing bowl.' Referring to the simple tastes of present day Federal Ministers the same journal writes : — ' If Deakin set a fashion for economy in the Federal Parliament the Federal Labor Ministries went one better. Men of simple tastes, and belonging to the masses, they have banished all the fripperies of Ministerial office. They do not want special cars when they go on railway journeys. They invari- ably take a tram from the railway station to their hotels, and carry their own luggage. They taboo frock coats and tall hats, and open no champagne. Lager beer, and Australian lager beer at that — was the tipple they put be- fore their guests when they gave a picnic on Sydney Harbour in honor of the Federal trawler. Office has not changed them in the slightest degree, nor put up their expenses one shilling. And they have at all times endea- voured to keep what expenses should be properly borne by the country at the lowest possible figure.' Recently Mr Hogue, the exMinis- ter for Education, remarked of Peter Bowling's visit to Newcastle, that Peter had 'lost his punch.' Mr Bowling, in reply says : — ' Mr Hogue may think I have lost what he is pleased to call my ' punch,' but I have not lost my seat. He has. My 'punch' may come back ; his seat never will. That ' punch' he speaks about was fully expended in knocking him and his confreres out, and if ever it is required it will be there again in full force for the same purpose.' Mr William Charles Button, of Home View, Round Hill, Narandera district, the oldest son of Mr Joseph Button, when returning home £from Narandera on Wednesday was the victim of a paralytic stroke. His father was following the team, which the unfortunate man was driving, in a sulky, and on overtaking it he con- veyed his son home, and sent for medical aid. The young man, who was the day before in the best of health, died before the arrival of the doctor. Narandera boasts of a promising young vocalist, Miss Doris Mclnnes, who is at present studying under Miss Minna Josef at Wagga, and for whom a bright future in the musical world is predicted. The use of strychnine on carrot baits as a poison for rabbits is re ported to be, proving remarkably successful in Victoria country dis- tricts. The carrots are sprinkled with sugar aud left for two or three nights in succession in furrows in some rabbit infested locality. The rabbits soon acquire a taste for the new food and devour it eagerly. Then on the third or fourth night the bait is sprinkled with strychnine in the proportion of 1oz. to 10lb. or 12lb. of carrots. In Tinderry bore, at Thargomin- dah, Queensland, an artesian flow has been struck at a depth of 3459ft. Tho flow measured fully 3,250,000 gallons daily, a record flow for the west. A Narromine grazier proceeded against a shearer recently for cruelly treating sheep. Four sheep died from the effects of the injuries. Defendant was ordered to forfeit £3 12s 6d in wages, and pay £2 8s costs. The Royal Commission on Decen- tralisation sat at Parkes last week, where a large number of witnesses were examined. Broken Hill, which was being threatened by a water famine, was visited by a severe thunderstorm on Thursday, 78 points of rain falling in ten minutes. The rain was followed by a duststorm, which was succeeded by another rainstorm, which again put the streets in a state of flood. The principal business of the Nar- andera Pastures Board on Wednesday (says the 'Argus') was the consider- ation of the situation arising from the alarming increase of rabbits through- out the district. The Inspectors' re- ports showed many holdings badly in- fested, while owners were in many cases lax in taking adequate measures of eradication. It was decided to take the most drastic measures to compel holders to make an effort to keep the rabbits down, and prose- cutions will be instituted in all cases were adequate measures of suppres- sion are not pursued. It was also de- cided to appoint an additional in- spector, with the object of enforcing the Act over every portion of the district. It doesn't seem a bad sort of thing to be a defeated politician in this sunny land. Mr Wade is to have a testimonial, Mr Hogue is to have a testimonial, Mr Oakes will probably have a testimonial, Mr Clarke is to have a testimonial, and now there is a movement on foot to testimonialise Sir James Graham. Lesser lights in the political arena who failed at the recent election are being solaced with banquets and cheques for their elec- tion expenses. A lad named Christopher Brent- nell was bitten by a snake at Days- dale on Monday. He saw a rabbit run into a log, so he put his hand in to get it, but received a bite and im- mediately a snake came put. The plucky lad opened the wound and sucked it. He was later brought into Urana. Dr Macknight successfully treated the case, and the lad was able to return home on Wednesday. A Gundagai district grazier was surprised one morning to find that a man whom he employed overnight to dig out rabbit burrows had disap- peared (writes the 'Independent'). A week later he discovered the cause. Another employee had told the man that before he would be allowed to dig out rabbit burrows he must possess a miner's right. 'Blast the Labor party,' said the unsophisticated lad, 'they'll next be wanting a man to take out a license if he wants to spit.' The experience of a farmer in the Korang district last week in re- gard to the focussing power of discs on an ordinary disc plough, should be widely known, as it is possible that many otherwise unaccountable bush- fires may originate from the same cause. The farmer in question had thrown a horse-rug made from corn- sacks on the plough, the discs of which had been brightly polished by use. In the heat of the day the rug was found to be on fire. The fire, the cause of which was not then apparent, was extinguished, and the rug re- placed on the plough. Later the rug was again seen burning. Tests were then made, when it was seen that the concave side of the disc acted like a burning-glass, and readily ignited any inflammable matter. The above ex- perience shows that the usual practice of farmers and others in allowing their ploughs after use to be pulled out on to grass land is a dangerous one and may easily cause a grass fire to start. The Deniliquin P.P. Board at its last sitting, as a result of Assistant Inspector Toll's report, ordered one prosecution and a number of peremp- tory notices to issue with regard to the alleged failure to destroy rabbits on the part of land holders. The Attorney-General, Mr Hol- man, states that the whole of the con- fidential papers supplied to his depart- ment by the police in connection with the jury in the Bowling case, were destroyed before the M'Gowen Go- vernment took office. He learned, however, from responsible officers of the Department that information was obtained about the jurymen sum- moned for Bowling's trial, being car- ried out under directions from the Inspector-General of Police. The names of certain jurors so reported on were given to the Crown Prosecutor and eight were asked to stand aside. 