COUNTRY. BEVERLEY. On Monday evening last, in the presence of a large number of prominent townsmen, Mr. Horace Roach was sworn in Mayor of Beverley for the ensuing year, Mr. 3Iac gregor as councillor, and Mr. Gillett as auditor. Cr. Powell was unfortunately ab sent, through indisposition. The swearmg-in ceremony was performed by Mr. Cooper in the Beverley municipal chambers, who afterwards proposed the health of the newly-elected Mayor and councillors. The Mayor thanked those present for attending, and assured them that the interests of the town would always be his first consideratipn and for such he would work to the best of his ability. Cr. Macgregor and Mr. Gillett briefly returned thanks. Farmers in the Beverley district are now busily engaged in stripping corn, and from what can be gathered respecting the yield per acre a smaller quantity than last year will be the result. There are good crops m some instances, both of hay and wheat, yet it is thought the average will work out at something less than last season. An unfortunate occurrence took place last Tuesday when 'the homestead of Mr. New. born. Woods was completely burned out. The fire occurred through some accident whilst baking, and before any furniture or goods could be saved the damage was com. plete. A sister of Mrs. Woods Is said to b. a considerable loser in the shape of a piano and much clothing. Much sympathy is felt fo- them, as no insurance was effected, and they are comparatively new settlers.. HOPETOUN, . An inquest concerning the death of Har. old Bould, who was run over by a railway engine on December 1, was held on Satur day before Mr. Lowe, Acting Coroner, and a jury. A verdict was returned that the de: ceased met his death by being ccidentillj run down by a railway engine there being no evidence to show that any blame waiis'al tached to anyone. The jury added a rider that the engine-driver shouild take. jater precautions when approaching the jetty by continuous whistling, and by travelling at a lower rate of speed, and that the public ap proach to the jetty should be kept clear for traffic. KALGOORLIE. Mrs. Sophia Boileau, who was "knocked' down by a tram going to Boulder Block on November 26 and who sustained a fracture of the right leg, died in te. Kalgoorlie Government Hosptal on Saturda-. The de ceased's leg was amputated a few days ago. An inquest was opened and adjourned. In the Kalgoorlie Police Couut on Satur. day Thomas George Molloy, was sued by the Goldfields Water Supply administration for arrears of annual water rates. Judig. ment was given for the amount claimed, with costs. KATANNING. There was a large audience on Saturday night at the annual concert given by the pupils of the State school under the direc-. tion of Mr. Rockleff, the headmaster. Dur. ing the evening, Mr. Cullen, M.L.C., on be. half of the Boy Scouts, made a presentation to Mr. Hanley, the assistant master, for his attention to the boys during their recent camp at Perth. The concert realised £30 for the school library fund. Harvesting is proceeding apace. In some cases both hav and grain crops will exceed expectations, but the average will be much below that of last season. KELLERBERRIN, So far the season had been devoid of any sensational bushfires in this district until Monday last., when a fire that spread very quickly started from the survey camp at Malinmore, the property of .Mr. Watt. It would seem that Mr. Watt was away for the day 'at Cuttening doing some survey work, and a spark from the cook's fire at the home: camp set fire to the tents and spread to some adjoining crops. About 30 fire fighters were soon hard at work, but before the flames were subdued about 70 acres of wheat had been burnt. The wheat was estimated to give .a return of about 25 bushels. Fortu. nately Mr. Watt's loss will be partly cover ed by insurance. On Friday week P.c. Cahill arrested Billy Morronup, on warrant, charging him with the murder of "Nemo," a native, who was shot during a quarrel some time late in Oc tober. At the inquest held over the body of the deceased native, the jury returned the following verdict:-"That the aboriginal Nemo met his death as the result of a gun shot wound, the evidence showing that the weapon was discharged by Billy Morrpnup to frighten deceased and others who did molest him, and in self- defence, but with no intent to wound or kilL" On the above ver. dict the alleged murderer was acquitted. MOUNT BARKER. The annual sale of work in connection with the Church of England took place on the 1st inst., and proved the most successful ever held in Mount Barker. The proceeds amounted to close on £40, and will be the means of freeing the church of the late financial difficulties. The weather lately has been very change able, and occasionally rather oppressive. but considering everything a splendid season is being experienced. The grass keeps excep. tionally green to the great satisfaction of stock-owners, YOUANMIE. A few days ago A. Funnel, butcher, whilsh killing a beast, stabbed himself in the leg, and severed an artery. The following day his partner, Patrick Garrick, was thrown off a load of skins,. the wheel passing over his arm, breaking It in two places. There are over three hundred inhabitants on Youanme fields at the present time. The number is expected to increase rapidly, a. Bewick, Moremg and Co. are doing a good deal of work on the leases recently purchas. ed by them. It is urged that if the present rate of accidents keeps up Youanme will be badly in need of a hospital. During the last two weeks no less than seven patients have been taken to Sqndstone Hospital, a distance of 64 miles over a rough road. An accident, which fortunately did not re sult in serious injury, occurred at the mine on Thursday morning. A kibble containing 15cwt. of dirt had just been hoisted to the surface when the rope broke. The kibbla fell a distance of 260ft. Three men who were working at the bottom of the shaft had a miraculous escape from death. Two were uninjured, but the other, William O'Grady, is still suffering from shock and abrasions of arm and leg. 