GREAT BUSH FIRE. RAGING FOR FIVE DAYS. A LONG, HARD FIGHT. RENMARK, December 30-On Sunday afternoon, when the thermometer stood at about 106 in the shade, a small pillar of smoke was seen to rise in the corner of Mr. Frahn's block on Paringa, and despite immediate attention and a hard fight of five days the fire is now raging through Ned's Corner Station, cutting a black strip across the country of some 30 miles wide, taking fences throughout the various pad docks. How the fire started is a mystery. No one seems to have been anywhere near the place for some days, and apparently the only way to account for it is that the sun must have lit some dry grass through the medium of a bottle. Within an hour of the smoke being seen all the surrouud ing farmers were on the spot, and a great struggle to save the crops and homesteads began. Mr. Frahn had fortunately stripped his wheat last week, or he would have lost the lot, and as it was he had the greatest, difficulty to save the stacked bags. This was accomplished by discing and ploughing round the heaps while the fire was still some distance otf, and, then backfiring as it approached. At the time the fire broke out a westerly wind was blowing, and the object of the fighters was to get it out into the back country away from the settled parts. They had almost succeeded when the wind moved round to the north, and the yellow flames made a straight dash for Mr. Zeinert's large holding. When the wind shifted the fire was about one and a half miles from Mr. Zeinert's boundary, and before he and helpers could get their discs and plough to work some 200 bags of wheat were licked up. Mr. Zeinert saved the rest of his crops, stacks, and homesteads by putting double teams in large disc harrows and galloping round and round the nearest point of the flames. How close had he to go that at times he ap peared to be engulfed in the flames. Once more the wind changed to the west, and the fighters had a small respite, but not for long. It suddenly changed to about the worst point possible - east — and gradually increased in violence until half a gale was blowing. Back came the fire as fast as a man could run, licking up the rest of Frahn's pad docks, going through the grass in Schmidt's and Walter's as though kerosine had been poured over the ground, and making straight tor Antoney's stack and homestead. Luckily, while the wind was in the west a lot of good breaks had been made around the homes and stacks, and the fighters simply contented themselves with keeping the sparks down. —Wonderful resource— One incident is worth relating as show- ing that the outback farmer, who has learnt the lesson of self-reliance to a de- gree unknown in the more settled districts, is generally able to cope with a situation demanding instant action with a minimum of thought. This, it need hardly be said, is one of the chief attributes of bush-fire fighting. While the fire was making straight for Schmidt's, and men were engaged in backfiring across a wide newly disced strip, a gust of wind whirled a large lighted mallee top high into the air. This was carried over the heads of the line of meu, and dropped in 2-ft. grass as dry as tin der. Almost needless to say, before any -thing could be done a new fire had begun inside the defences. Situated in the cor ner of this paddock was a small homestead with outbuildings, and this apparently was doomed. Grass ran within a few feet of the place, and the wood, of which it was built, would have taken fire with a spark. Suddenly a clatter of bolts and the drum of galloping hoofs was heard. There had been no consultation: but one of the men knew the right thing to do, and did it. Ho rushed his double team of horses, harnessed to a large disc straight at the nearest part of the fence. The idra caught on and in a trice willing hands had strapped the wires down, and horses and disc galloped madly in front of the fire. How the man stuck to his seat was mar vellous. In less time than it t to takes to tell he had cut a wide strip in front of the flames: but even this was not enough. The flames swept over this as if it had not been there. Seeing this he turned his attention to the house itself, and before the fire had got much closer a wide strip of newly turned earth checked it when willing workers soon had it under control. During all this time the flames had been rapidly spreading in other direc tions and had it not been for the prompti tude of Mr. W. Stoeckel and Mr. Antoney jum. the whole of the latter's father's place would have gone. Towards evening the wind died down, and the frontage was at least fairly safe. Men from Renmark were ready at Paringa to come out if necessary, but it appears that the farmers, thinking the worst was over, were naturally an xious to have a rest, and no one was snnt for to take the new men out. All the night the fire was carefully watched, and had it not been for another unfortunate change of wind, the damage would have been confined to that done on the first day. — Creating Fire Zones.— On Monday a south, veering to south east and south-west, wind drove the flames at a tremendous pace northward, and prac tically ate up the whole of the grass in the Hundred of Paringa. Every fence- and there were a lot of new wirenetting ones just erected— was swept out of existence. All Monday men were doing their utmost to keep the flames down, but all to no purpose. They simply tore through the high grass, here, there, and everywhere. On Monday evening it had reached the Victo rian boundary fence, and a changing wind tore the flames up and down the for about 30 miles. On Tuesday aand Wed nesday a westerly wind favoured the Paringa men. and by Wednesday afternoon the fire was practically out of that hundred Where it will end can only be con- jectured. It is said that it entered the Ned's Corner Run 30 miles wide, and has burnt as far as the eye can see from the highest hills, and smoke can be seen in the direction of the station. Mr. W. Stoeckel of Paringa, a farmer, it may be said, who farms with his head as much as 1 his hands, is not at all sure that the fire will not come back, and he is taking extra ordinary precautions against a return. All around his stacks in the first place is a wide strip of ploughed ground, beyond this is a burnt patch, and again beyond this another ploughed strip. Outside the cleared paddocks another fire zone is created by ploughing and raking up. Then again out side his entire holding he is clearing a wide strip. When this is completed with a little trouble he can cope with any fire out - side his boundary, and make a very good fight with one that may start inside. If all the farmer swere to take precautions like this the danger from bush fires would be much minimised. It is impossible yet to estimate the entire actual damage, and it is next to impossible to judge of the loss in grass. For speed in spreading no recent bush fire can touch this one. 