NOTES FROM THE EAST. HARVEST RESULTS, IRRIGATION. ETC. ' At a moderate calculation, it is estimated , that uot less than 2,000,000 bushels of I wheat are at present stacked in the bags on the railway station platforms of South Australia, Victoria, and New South Vales, ; respectively; or 6,000,000 bushel, ia all (says au eastern exchange). About half of this, or 3,000,0u0 bushels, are held on the free storage arrangement, and this is exclusive of that given over to the control of the millers. As long as the producers hand over their whe^t in this way for others to use, they cannot expect to get free from market injustices. Including the stocks held by the millers, there are i-slimated to be weil on for 4,000,000 bushels of the far- mers' wheat at the present moment being held under the free storage system, and were this grain kept under, the producers' 'own control, either in stacked bags or loose in silos, it would, for the time being, be off the market. At present it is on the market, and that in a way which is griev- ously opposed to the sellers' interests, lt it were off the market, the present free storage operators, in order to gel it, would have to buy it,' and charge the capitad account with something like £50,000 in inter- est. Instead of this, the- growers, under the delusive inducements of free storage, not only hand this sum over as a present to the buyers, but, worst of all; arm them in addition with a weapon to be used in hammering down the price iii the market. The first thing tile producers require to consider is that the firet step lo bo taken in j connection with the co- operative movement is to obtain control of their wheat. Assum- j ing that this i>arl of it is attended to, the complete system of co-operative exportation ¡ will duly follow. Says the Melbourne "Leader":-As indi- cating the need for oblainiug irrigation agriculturists, Mr. Elwood Mead points to the fact that out of the 260,000 acres in the Rodney irrigation district, with its 600 miles of »iain channels, only 20,700 acres have beet) irrigated this season, or about one acre in thirteen. He has also cor- respondence which shows that landowners in the irrigation arcas are leaving the State because they cannot get labour to work their holdings under irrigated or intense cul- ture. Farmers and agricultural -labourers under the specialised and intense forms of agriculture which obtains to-day, he says, need training just as much as the mechan- ist or the carpenter. "We must," said Mr. Mead, "get the men who understand this form of agriculture, not to crowd out the workmen in the cities, but to develop the country, and so cause more employment for the city artisans, who supply the varied needs of tue rural workers." In this con- nection Mr. Mead proposes to issue an in- vitation to members of the Labour Party and Trades Hall representatives-who, judg- ing by some recent utterances, appear to misapprehend the immigration proposals of the Government-to accompany him on a visit to the irrigation districts, with a view jof impressing on them the need for skilled agriculturists to effectively settle these areas. At White Cliffs, Nyah, Cohuna and Shep- parton there are irrigation blocks for which there are no local applicants, showing that the local demand is exhausted. A traveller who had been paying a busi- ness visit to tho north-western districts of tho west coast of South Australia spoke en- thusiastically of the progress made in those districts (fays the Adelaide "'Observer"). The harvest, -he said, had been a good one, and the increase of wheat in all parts remark- able. Ho was struck with the splendid stretch of good country from, Streaky Bay to Fowler's Bay, and had not seen any- thing like it elsewhere iu the State. The land was crying out for railway facilities, and it WAS a matter of surprise to him that the Government had neglected those fertile districts so long. The new railway to Min- nepa should unquestionably lie extended to Decres Bay at the earliest moment. From a close connection with the settlers and all interested in the wheal business he had been enabled to get a fairly accurate esti- mate of the wheat at the different porfg and landings. The figures wero:-Fowler's Bay, 20,000 bags: Point Sinclair. 50,000; Laura Bay, 10,000: Denial Bay, 60.Ô0O; Murat Bay, 100,000; Carawa Landing, 20,000; Smoky Bay, 40,000: Perlubi, 10,000; Streaky Bay, 190,000: Scales Bay, 20,000; Kenny's Land ling, 25,000; Venus Bay, 10,000; Elliston, 30,000. Total, 505,000 bags. Next week will see the oounueuceruent of the apple shipping season, ag the first boat of 'the eerie« is dated to leave Hobart on February 1ft (says the "Weekly Courier"). This is the Osterley, which will take 6,000 cases. The. Orestes will follow three days later with 8,500 cases, and then they will go on in short intervals until April 25, when the last of 21, the Runic, will leave with 47JJ0O oases. The largest shipment bas been arranged for the Suffolk, which will leave about April 18 with between 90,000 and 100,000 ca«es. It is expected that alto- gether about 551,000- oases will "be shipped. This will .be the second biggest season on record, as in 1904 28 vessels called and took away 570,000. cases. Last year only 381,200 cases were shipped, so there will be a large increase this season. At one time it wa« considered there would be difficulty in filling the space allotted on the early boat«, but, though the weather has been somewhat un seasonable, the fruit has made considerable headway, and it is anticipated now that ample fruit will be available. According to the Adelaide "Chronicle." the rush for land'in South Australia opened for selection is as pronounced as if there were no attempt on the part of the Government to appease the earth-hunger of the people. Surely the cry in our country to-oay is "back to the land," and rt is a cry to which every Australian will litten with satisfaction. When our land is in the possex/on of our people, and the. fruitful earth is yielding her increase in liberal measure, then, indeed, wiM our fet be placed in the way which leads to national greatness-the way in which our feet should long since have* been directed. It has been repeatedly held up as ¡ something in the way of a waining that if we did not hold and till our'country there might come people who would. But in the ligfit of recent developments, and in view of the eager rush of applicants for holdings in all tho States, it will not be long before most of the productive territory will be in occupation and one long-standing reproach removed. ? Things are quiet in the agricultural dis- tricts now (says the "Australasian") and be- yond wheat-carting, which is still goiug on, there is not a great deal of work doing. The harvest has turned out very satisfac- torily.-and the Victorian farmer to-day mav be set down as a verv prosperous individual. He seems to have got back all Hie losses in- volved in the sreat drought which culmin- ated -eiiht years ago. and to have a hit to the good besides. This is as it shou.d be, for. after all. the niosperily of the country depends 'largely troon the nrosnerity of the farmer. Februar? is generally considered the driest month of th» year, and perhaps the present month «rill live up to past re Dutation; but. except . for green forage crops aud gardens rain would not do a great deal of good just now. Exports of frozen meat and butter have reached a respectable total for the season so far, and the frail exports are expected io be fairly heavy, so that by and large as sailors say, primary producers are bavins a 2ood time. When the wheat yield for the seaiou is finally arrived at, and an aualysis of the re- sults from districts is shown, there will be some iutere*ting" reading for the farmer in the individual returns (say« an Adelaide journal). The big cropping^ are known to most of the men cu the land :aiid t-oine of these are un&ually; ' good. In addition to a wheat crop of 12,000 bags from 1,300 ocres, Mr. T. Irish, of Grace Plains, tnt 1,700 tons of hay from 500 acres, and the price obtained for this will have to be added to his returns from the holding. lu the tame locality Mr. Buhner cul 40 bushels over all, and iu addition to Iiis wheat took 75 bushels per acre of Cape barley: while Mr. A. Prime, in the same district, took 54 brnhels of wheat per acre from a patch of 34 acres. The present is regarded as one of the fin- est fruit seasons which Queensland has yet enjoyed. At present the fruit reaching the market from Stanthorpe is of excellent qual- ity, and its quantity may be judged from an official estimate thal from this locality the quantity of stone fruits sent to the Bris- bane market will he quite five times as great as it was last year. Some remarkable examples are given of the return which the careful grower gets. Carefully grown, picked, and graded fruit is bringing several times the price paid for inferior fruit of the same variety. The man with the poor quality and badly packed fruit has to pay double the charge for freight and cases, and only obtains the same amount as the mau who sells the smaller quantity of good fruit. In the beginning of the season (states the Adelaide "Chronicle") some of the farmers in parts of the State, who estimated their wheat yield over-liberally, sold more bushels than have been returned front the winnower, with the consequence that they are unable to deliver, and are legally liable to the buyer for either the shortage in grain or the difference in cash. It speaks volumes for the business integrity of the large deal ens that there is no inclination to take ad- vantage of the producers, who, acting throughout in good faith, ara unable to com- plete contracts into which they entered. There have been serious disappointments to fannel« whose crop looked good for sub- stantial yields up to November, when the hot winds came mid shrivelled «ll the weight out of the wheat. The Korumburra butter factory shows a credit balance of £2,771 5s. 9d. for the past half year, after providing for depreciation to the amount of £181 5s. on buildings, plant and rolling stock (says the Melbourne "Leader"). The quantity of cream received waB 884 tons 4cwt. lor. 101b., and it con- tained, as per Babcock teBt, 385 tons lie wt. 2qr. 211b. of butter fat, from which 444 tons 17cwt. lqr. 861b,-896,5181b. of butter -was manufactured, leaving a net overrun of 59 tons 5cwt. Sqr. 51b,, equal to 132,8091b., equal to 15.37 per cent. The proportion of butter exported was 80.1 per cent., and 19.9 per cent, sold in Korum- burra and Melbourne. Application for the throe positions on the new Closer Settlement Board in Victoria numbered nearly 200. Of these about a dozen were chosen br a sub- committee of the Cabinet as the most highly qualified, and subsequently were further reduced. It is understood that two selections have been made, namely. Mr. T. Kennedy, of Cob- ram, and Mr. T, Hastie, manager of Dur ringile Station. The maximum salaries to be paid to the members of the new board are £1,000 per annum to the chairman, and £700 each to the two other members. Samples t>f the butter boxes made from Queensland pine are now on view at the office of the Victorian Minister of Agricul- ture, They are equal to anything made from New Zealand timber, and are obtain- able at ls. 3d. each, as against ls. 6d.. the price which has been the ruling rate for some time past iu Victoria. Within 10 miles of Murray Bridge (S.A.) 100,000 acre» were swept by bush fires last week, and the damage runs into thousands of pounds. Many settlers had to race for their lives. lu many caseB sud- den changes in the wind were all that »aved homesteads aud stock from total' destruc- tion. The estimated yield of the New Zealand wheat harvest is 10,708,400 bushels, or 34 bushels per acre. The yield of oats is esti- mated at 17,182,000 bushels, or 46 bushels per acre. These figures show an increase of 1,935,610 bushels in wheat and a decrease of 1,724,788 bushels in oats. In her native place. Lillydale, Madame Melba has bought the well-kuown dairy farm of Messrs. Whitehead Bros., of Yering, contaiimg 228 acres; also HO acres adjoin- ing, the property of Mr. Timms. 