Prom Day to Day. An Epitome of the Week's News. Although formed in thiB State only four , months back, the membership roll of the South African Soldiers* Association already Btands at 153. ' Th«- executive, at their meet ing last Tuesday night, agreed to admit as members any soldiers who have fought under 'the British flag either in South Africa or elsewhere. The late Mr. C. J. Williams, who was for several years an alderman of the city of Melbourne, left property valued at £64,178. His bequests are solely to members of his family, • '" A man nam 2d John Lamb sustained ser ious injuries at Korumburra. in the Gipps land iVic.). district on Wednesday through a, gunpowder explosion. He went into the powder-shed of the mine on which he was working with a lighted match, and careless ly threw it on the top of a barrel of gun powder, which ignited and set fire to the shed. Lamb, however, is expected to re cover. A11 elderly, farm laborer named Isaac Wisbey, while' driving a cart near East Brookton on Tuesday night, fell from the vehicle through the horses holting. He re mained near the road all night in an un conscious condition. On being conveyed to Pingelly early the next morning, it was found that 'Wisbey, in addition to having one of his shoulders fractured, had sus tained serious injuries.. The medical officer at the Pingelly hospital, however, has hopes of l<is .ultimate recovery. During the week which ended last Thurs day, - Victoria exported the large quantity of 511 tons of- butter, valued at- £58.323. Since laBt July 10.756 tonB of butter, worth £1.239,213, have been exported from Victoria. The -great bulk of the butter was sent to the United Kingdom. A -young man named Charles Brown, who resided .at Claremont, was drowned off the beach near the Congdon-street station on Tuesday. His brother Leonard, who attempt el to rescue him, nearly lost, his life through the deceased, when sinking, catch ing bold -of him tightly. The unfortunate man, who -was only 22 years of age, fol lowed the avocation of a wool-classer. A remarkably fine gold discovery has been made in the Boppy Boulder .mine, near Candelego (N.8.W.) The lode struck, which carries visible gold throughout, is no less tha-> 62ft. wide. Last Wednesday was tbe 122nd anniver sary of tl>e colonisation of Australia. Te holiday, -however, is not to be observed until Monday next. A fire which occurred at V. Martin's orchard at Mundaring last Sunday, totally destroyed tbe homietead and the other bniidings on the property. The damage is estimated at over £1000. At the 72nd annual regatta held at llo bart (Tas.) on Tuesday, there was a record attendance—for Tasmania—of 30,000. persons, who came from all parts of the State. A young man named Percy Page, while | feeding a threshing machine at Mambrok iVic.) slipped and fell on the drum, when his body was drawn in the machine. The nnfortnnate man, who had one of his legs torn off, died shortly afterwards. The deceased insured himself against accident for £500 only a month prior to ths ead occurrence. Dr. G. Garofolo, an Italian medico, who has been spending .a few months in Aus tralia, was robbed of £250 in a suburban hotel in Melbourne on Tuesday by. it is supposed, a young man who travelled with liim in the mail liner Orvieto from Sydney to Melbourne. Sir George; Reid, the newly-appointed High Commissioner for the Commonwealth, left Melbourne for Xi mdon on Wednesday 1 JoBeph Davis, the miner who at the .risk of hip own life saved that of John Allan, his mate, on the occasion of an accident in a shaft of "a Victorian mine last year, was presented with the Edward medal for bravery by the Governor of Victoria last Tuesday. Mrs. W. Thompson, senr., one of the old est Bettlers in the Arthur district, was thrown out of a cart near tbe Arthur Biver last Monday, when she received such serious injuries that she died shortly after the accident. The ratepayers of Roebourne, in the Nortli-West, which has been a municipality for several years, have petitioned the Gov ernment to dissolve the municipality. A fire which brc-ke out last Friday, at Winwinning, a settlement a few miles dis tant from Cunderdin, destroyed over 1000 bags of wheat, 70 acres of wheat crop, and' a quantity of hay. Tbe fire started on the west side .of the rabbit-proof fence in the vicinity. . At the Nortliam land office last moqtb, 99 applications in all were made for 40,758 acres of land in the district. The revenue for the month in Tespect to land rents and fees totalled £983 2s lOd. The Geraldton "Express" states that a block of 12,000 acres of good land within a few miles from Mullewa, which has been leased by a wealthy London financier for several years, has not yet had as much as a hoof put on it by the lessee. - The journal mentioned adds that the Govern ment. who require parceU of good land for close-* settlement, should acquire it and cut it up in 100-acre lots for the many who are in search of suitable farming country. Several pastoral leases, which have an aggregate area of 85,000 acres, were aban doned on the Midland Bailway Company's land near Oeraldton at the end of last year. John Murray, the 14-year-old son of a farmer residing an the Ecliuca (Vic.) village settlement, was drowned in the Murray . River while endeavoring to learn to swim last Saturday. In an application for an old-age pension made by a septuagenarian before Warden Pinnerty at Coolgardie last Monday, the applicant said that he had been receiving £3 weekly by relieving a man who was on holidays, but that be expected the man to return within a week. The warden, who said that it wonld be wrong to penalise him for endeavoring to earn his .living, recom mended the full pension of £26 per annum. It has been ascertained that Mr. T. E. Bcwman, a well-known Adelaide bnsinesB man. was the person who recently donated £26,400 worth of Queensland bonds to var ious Adelaide charities. Among the British politicians who have visited Australia, Messrs. J. Foster Fraser, Will CrookB and Ben Tillett were defeated at the recent general elections' in the United Kingdom. While engaged in putting a belt on a pulley wheel last Monday, J. Glasktr, a well-known resident' of Gawler (S.A.) slipped, v-ben he received such serious injuries that he died shortly after his body was extri cated from the machinery in the shed where he was working. i Mr J. McGowan, who recently resigned, his position as town clerk at Menzies ow ing to ill-health, died in Melbourne last j month. ''Billy" and "Tim," two aboriginals, who last week raided a beer bottling factory at Leonora, were each sentenced to six months' gaol at Sottnest last Monday. "Billy" received a. farther term of six months for striking "Tim" on the head with an empty bottle when he requested an equal share of the plunder. A woman named Annie Brown, who re sided in a cottage at Coolgardie, was ar rested last Monday on a charge of having wilfully set fire to the building, which was totally destroyed by fire last Saturday. By means of finger-prints, a notorious criminal named John Simpson, who it was proved had served 20 years in gaol in var ious portions of the Commonwealth, was found guilty at Melbourne on Friday last of having sold a pair of brass Bleeve-links and with having represented them as gold to a woman. He was ordered to he im prisoned for a further term of 12 months. Several boxes of samples belonging to two commercial travellers were destroyed by fire in some trucks between Mount Magnet and Sandstone last TVednesday. It is stated that the fire was caused by a spark from the engine drawing the tracks. Dr. Frederick Lloyd, one of the best-known public men in Melbourne, died last Thurs day. The decaeed medico, who was born 82 years back, arrived in Melbourne to practice his profession in 1852, and 20 years later he obtained the diploma of M.D. at the Sydney University. Dr. Lloyd, who was a native of Ireland, was for many years the editor of the "Australian Medical Gazette." _ One man and two women were each fined £50 at Sydney on Friday for sly-grog selling, which has now bean practically stamped out ther . Over £1300 in fines for illicit selling - of liquor was received by the Sydney author ities last year. The body of a young man named A Davey was found near the railway gates at Clones (Vic) early on Friday morning. It is be lieved that he was walking along ths line to his home the previous night, when he was run over by a train. At Sydney on-Saturday Dr. Fiaschi {one of the best-known medicos there) and a nurse were committed for trial on a charge of having murdered a woman named Julia Nightingale, through performing an illegal operation. ' ' An English paper publishes (on high medi cal authority) the fact that the contents of a half-crown bottle of a certain nostrum sold as an all-cure, syrup costs only a third, of a penny.' The analysis Bhowed that the mixture in the bottle examined was com posed almost entirely of treacle, and water. Datas, the marvellous-memory man, who is touring West Australia with Wirth's cir cus., is a Londoner by birth. Daring the last half-year, the number of situations obtained per medium of the Trades Hall in Perth was -287. No repgistry fees whatever are paid by the applicants there for. labor. The employees of the Ways and Works department of the railways of this State have subscribed £76 7s fid towards the Old Men's Depot Tobaco Fund apd the Blind Institute at Clarembht. Australia last year produced precious'and other metals valued in ail at £25,100.000: A bush-fire which occurred at Sorrento, near Melbourne, on Saturday, devastated several miles of country, and razed a large number of seaside residences to the ground. A. Anderson and T. Wild, two well-known. nroBpectors in the eastern goldfields, had their camp near Kaigoorlie destroyed by fire on Thursday night. Nothing was saved, and to make matters worse,. Wild lost £55 worth of - bank notes. which were in one of his boxes in' tbe camp. Anderson however, wbo had a few hundred pounds, took the? precaution to bury it a few inches under the earthen floor of tbe camp, and thereby saved his little competency. ■ Mr. Joseph Pultizer, who owns, the "New York World." one of the chief dailies in the United States, and whose fortune is estimated at £6,000.000. has now been totally blind for 22 years. He had only a 20-franc piece—worth about 16s 8d—in his possession when he landed from Hungary in American* in 1864. He was then a lad of only 17 years. ~~ A tnan named Stephen Gonroy committed suicide'near Kaigoorlie on Friday by empty ing the contents of a revolver in his fore head. T.arge numbers of small, peculiarly-colored bugs, which recently made their appear ance in the Bnngaree (Vic.) district, -are* destroying the caterpiUars which have been playing havoc of late with the cereal crops' there. These hugs sack the insides out of the caterpillars and leave nothing hut the skin. During the voyage of tbe steamer Oster ley, which arrived at Fremantle from Don don last week, no fewer than four deaths occurred. Two of these were among the im migrant section of the steamer's passengers. A working miner named -D. P. Russell has been selected as a Labor candidate to oppose Mr. A. Dealdn, tbe Prime Minister of tbe Commonwealth, at Ballarat during the forthcoming Federal elections. There was a potato famine in Geraidton during portion of last week. Many of its residents purchased preserved potatoes, which cost 6d per 'b. A cat owned by a Mr. Patterson, of Clones (Vic.1 last week had a fight with a snake outside the house. The animal kill ed the reptile, hnt, the latter hit the cat before it died. Both the cat and the snake were dead when fonnd. While tiding to a homestead near Condo holin (N.S.W.) last week "to acquaint the owner of the station on which he was working of the death of one of the emp'oy ees. a yonng man named Street, together with his horse, was killed by lightning. While out fhooting at Lancefield (Vie.j with her father and brother last week. Miss Powell, me of the best riflewomen in. Victoria, was accidentally shot- in the breast and died almost instantaneously. Sing Goon, the Chinamen who attempted to bribe a Customs official in Melbourne recently, when he gave the Officer 45 tine of opium, worth over £200, to take to a honse in the suburb of Collingwood, was fined £100, with £10 10s costs, last Wednes day. Tn. addition, the opium, together with a further quantity worth about £440 (which was afterwards unearthed in the vessel on which he was employed) was con fiscated. By the mail liner Osterley, which reached Premantle on Thursday from London, 49 immigrants arrived in the State. The mar ried people and their families numbered 25. 