GREAT FIRE NEAR WENTWORTH WBN-TWORTH, Tuesday. . A most 'dlsastronsebush lire is-raisin? on the back 'rtnrntry of-the Mallee Cliffs sta tion, the ,j;ecently-acquired property of Messrs,• CtfaiTey, Salmon, and Dunne; also of the Moorara, Tcrfarno, and Cuthero' sta tions, andifthe'adjoining lands known as No Man's-Land. ' •w It was at first thought that all the back country from the bore, near Euston to Arumpo, the back station of Tarcoola. In cluding Prunnle, Frank's Plains, and Tur lee was on fire, and that several homesteads were burnt out, including those of Messrs/ Watts, Bornnan, Weaver, Hippisly. Wil liams, and Barnlield, but telephone com munication proved otherwise. The life is supposed to have started on the Mallee Cliffs .station, about 15 miles straight out back from Mr. David Wicket's' lease-on*ttie Riper Murray. It spread rapid ly on the-right1 as far as the bore n<5ar„ 'Enston, River Murjay, and out back, taking in No jMjuj'p Lanti#and extending towards Arumpo, at the back of Tarcoola - station, on the itiyer Darling, and at the left to within five miles "of the Wamberra bound ary, the property of Mr. S. Byrne. That i portion is being handled by 100 men, whilst •at Euston the iaen«iave mustered strong to beat it at that end. At the back alK ,-Ui'e hands' from the stations are pour ing in, armed with all the latest fire-light-, ing appliances. With this, together with assistance from the Darling settlers, resi dents from Wentworth, and Mrldura, and on the.River Murray, the fire should be, beaten' all round. It is 30 miles' long and 20£miles wide, and is estimated to be 100 miles round. Crowds. of volunteers are ready to ex jdiange places with those at the scene of ■action. The provision difficulty prevents the forces already there being more than doubled. It is the biggest fire seen here rtor SO years, and if prompt action had not been taken it is thought the whole of the lower 'Darling on the eastern side would have been burnt out. News is anxiously awaited from those in charge of the fire. The fact of Tapio and Turiee being in the immediate vicinity of the fire would lend color to the rumor that Tapio station, the properly of Mr. 13: A. Barnfield, is one fire, but fortunately the stations are many miles apart, with Wamborra in between them. If Tapio station had got alight, then ail the -adjoining leases would most assuredly have gone too- A rumor that the fire had broken -out between, A+oca and Moorna station boundaries proved untrue. 