A BROKEN TROTH. (By L. B. Jupp.) I liave heard several versions coucernin the "denoument" of Sarah Cabb s most dis appointing love affair, but as at the time o its occurrence I happened to be a boarder a Bullfrog-farm, I may claim to speak as on having authority, so I hereby declare 01 oath that all these aforementioned severa versions are entirely unauthentic-mine i the only true statement of the amazing busi ness. To begin at the beginning, in so fa as I was mixed Hp in the matter. It was i chilly night in early October when I foul« myself and my portmanteau forlornl; stranded on the narrow strip of platforn which, together with a wooden shed, abou' the size of an average sentry-box, comprise: passengor accommodation for those luckies: individuals who are condemned for their sins to make use of the little railway siding ol Dennup. A red-faced, dissipai ed-looking moon was staring blearily at me over thc crest of a line of sombre hills plumed witt tall gums. All about me a forest of sapless growths, with not a leaf between them tc cover their gaunt nakedness, groaned and shivered as the freakish wind improvised a hundred mad pranks, now lying low in the withered brake, anon leaping up and career- ing down the valley with a shrill, derisive whoop which seemed to mock the swarthy shadows that played their stealthy game of hide- and-seek behind the nude trunks of the complaining trees. Somehow the prospect saddened me. I was tired, hungry, and cold -influences depressing enough in themselves, even when taken singly, how much more so when they are combined in a horrid conspir- acy against the comfort and well-being of a defenceless man ; Arcadia itself would pre- sent a sinister and forbidding aspect to the eyes of one fated to keep such precious com- pany! To add lo my uneasiness, the dread- ful speculation arose-supposiug that Mr. Cabb has forgotten that I was to arrive this evening. Did my letter to him perchance miscarry? Fortunately, Cabb is an uncom- mon surname. If the worst came .to the worst, there seemed nothing for it but to wrap myself in my travelling-rug, select the softest plank of the little wooden railway shelter, and compose myself for the night upon a hard and narrow bed. As far as humanity or human habitation went, I might just as well have beon in the depths of darkest Africa. By good hap my Spartan like resolution was nipped in the bud. I heard the sudden clatter of a horse's hoofs, a hideous rattling sound, as of a heap of old ecrap-irou rudely disturbed, and next instant a dilapidated waggonette arrangement, with an immense aud bony quadruped in the shafts, loomed up out of the darkness. Mr. Cabb was profuse in apologies and.i perspiration. I think I have never before seen anyone perspire so freely and without provocation as did Mt. Cabb during the period of our acquaintanceship. To a certain extent the luxuriant forest of hair he wore upon his face, in his cars, etc., aced as an absorbent, which goes far to prove the great truth that Nature is a fine economist, and always, even in her moments of most exuberant prodigality, nels with a keen eye lo utilisation. From Mr. Cabb's j apologetic remarks, I gathered that the j osseous animal in the shafts,'referred to by i its owner as "that there b'.anky old Rooby," j had for a long space steadfastly refused to be beguiled from the liberties of the "twclvc .acre paddick," hence tho late arrival of my host and his autiquatod vehicle. j Twice during thc course of our five-tniU drive to Bullfrog-farm did the perilous con- dition of various outlying parts of our con- veyance urgently demand the attention of Mr. Jehu Cabb. A roll of thin wire was ap- parently held always in readiness. for thc purpose of repairs. In addition, Ruby kept shedding more or less important scraps of her harness, which had to be diligently re- trieved, to the .accompaniment .of semi articulate curses on Mr. Cabb's part, BO of necessity our progress was funereal. Tho road ran through low, undulating ridges shaggy with forest. A wealth ? bf moouh'gkt flooded rock and leaf,, with a palo " ivory light. The dim defiles that intersected thc lulls were black with shadows. Here and there was a fenced clearing, and sheep huddled closely together for warmth; little silvery clouds of steam rose from their rest- ing bodies ; and ' ones I heard the distant tinkle of a cow-bell from a gully. I was numb and stiff with cold when the waggon- ette at last pulled np in the yard of a long, irregular building, surrounded on three sides by a deep verandah. ' "This 'ore's the shanty, and sech as it is yer very welcome," quoth Mr. Cabb, hos- pitably. 1 thanked him curtly, and in descending painfully from my proud eminence oa the box-seat, bseame conscious of a fact that had not been patent for the past hour or so -I possessed a pair of feet, or, rather, a pair of pincushions stuck full of needles aud pins, to judge by the torments 1 was suf- fering. "Sarah-that's nie eldest dorter's gone to bed-with the toothache."pore gal," remarked Mr. Cabb cheerfully, as he collared my port- manteau and led me indoors. "She toT mo t© avst you t» kindly excuse her-said she'd made yer bed up on the verandah 'cord in' to jrer instructions. My word, you'll fined it cold eiiuff out there to-night, I reck'n !" Ho laughed and shuddered dramatically. At thc time I bad a fad for sleeping in the open air all the year round. Mr. Cabb mixed Hie a cup of cocoa and I ate well and heartily by the side of a log fire big enough to roast the proverbial ox. The sitting-room was very plaiuly furnished, and my host's seat was an empty kerosene case; he preferred a box, when there were no outstanding nails in it, to a chair; he was more used to such sitting accommoda- tion, he said; After supper, Mr. Cabb t conducted mo to my room. We parted for thc night with mutual compliments, aud a lugubrious prophecy by the master of the [ house that I would be perished ere morn- ing. The Apartment in question opened on to the voiaiiflah. I could see the white I counterpane of my bcd gleaming iu the niooushiuc. A measure of privacy was pro vided by a green runner that trailed over « brokeu trellis-work. I piled a heavy travel- ling rug and a topcoat on my couch, and. turning in, slept soundly until the first light of dawn reddened the crests of the hills, Between sleeping and waking, I was blinking owlishly from the blankets across a green valley powdered ' with hoar-frost, ? a wide valley where a great flock of sheep wer« greedily breaking their fast, when I heard 1 the sound of stifled giggling. A girl «J perhaps twelve summers, clad in an abbre- viated kilt-like garment, a tangle of tawny i hair tumbling over her slim shoulders, ana antiquated hose falling in graceful folds about a pair of grubby ankles, stood at a corner of the verandah, watching me with big, wondering eyes. The giggling was supplied by another girl of much the same age, or a trifle older, who, arms akimbo, peered over her companion s shoulder, and from time to time nudged her demonstra- tively' in the ribs. Encountering my bale- ful glare they both scuttled into the house, and I heard the crash of an overturned chair-or box. Mr, Cab brought me au early cup of tea, and seemed pleased, though surprised, to find me alive and apparently in full posses- sion of my faculties. I inquired tentatively as to the possibilities of a cold bath. Mr. Cabb gasped. 'The Lord save us!" he groaned. "A cold bath! You'll be dom' yerself an injury, sure. Yes, there's a bathroom fer end o' the verandah. There ain't .no water," he added by way of afterthought, "the pipe's out o' order ; but I'll 'ump along a couple o' kerrysene tiufulls mesolf." Me looked at me curiously. "My oath, you must 'ave a pretty tough - 'ide-1 wouldn't risk it not fer teu p'und!" he declared, and straight- way took himself off. My toilet concluded, Î sought the sittmg rooin ; the door stood' wide open ; the apart- ment was cloudy with smoke. I hesitated for a moment ou the threshold,, and peered red-eyed through the reek. The giggling girl was sitting on her bare heels iu front oí the belching fire, engaged in tho well- nigh hopeless task of converting a slice of now bread iuto toast. Tawuy Mane was occupy- ing herself in impish endeavours to threw her companion off her balance. At th.i third frustrated attempt, thc slice of .bread fell into thc flames, and in au instant, and despite the giggler's fruitless grab, it wan reduced to a carbonaceous mass. It was then that I learnt that tho toast had bec» planned as a concession to my city-bred (nb bad joke, intended) appetite. "There ! You ve spoilt the bloke's brok fuss-he won't git no toast now, an' it's all your dirty fault. Ginger!" howled thc enraged Giggler. - "I'll learn yer !" Abandoning the toasting-fork, she leapt upon the practical joker, and they rolled ou tho floor together, apparently engaged io a death-grapple. I stood undecided, the "casus belli," it seemed, was my affair ; dearly it was a case for arbitration . While I hesitated, the arbitrées arrived in the sub stantial person of Sarah Cabb; in one hand she held a diminutive pink garment of thc knickerbocker variety, in thc other a small protesting maiden. The sounds of scuffling had attracted her from the kitchen. She acted with prompt decision, as was her wont. £he pounced upon the incensed Giggler, dragged her off her gurgling victim;, jerked her to her feet, and shook and cuffed hei ui.1i! th2 sight fairly took awiy my breath. "Now you jest git on with that toast, miss, juick 'ii' lively," said the Amazonian Sarah dispassionately; "and if I hear sc much as another Gingie word from you be fore it's dene, you'll strike trouble, me lady, an' don't you forget it, either. Here, Murry, you little cat!-" But Murry, otherwise Muriel, or Tawny Mane, had wisely executed a strategic move men I aud abandoned the field of battle. The appearance of -Mr.'Cabb, who per firmed the 'necessary introduction, at one« put mo at my ease. From the first I SikeÉ Sarah; she had great decision of character had Miss Cabb, and she ruled the household with a rod of iron. Thc Giggler answered to the high-sounding appellation' of ' Ei-myn trude, which was mercifully shortened t< Erm. I made an excellent breakfast, despite the fact that, my toast was toast only in name, iu reality it was black bread-of a black- ness i I inquired after Sarah's toothache, and expressed commiseration. She reassur- ed me, and spoke of tho offending mein mer as a " 'ollow 'un." She was good enough tc invite my inspection of the cavity, and an appointment was fixed for immediately after breakfast. "The last young gentleman as stayed here -you remember Mr. Ridger, father--he had false teeth," she informed me; "a beautiful set, they waa, on'y somethin' went wrong with 'em before he'd bin with us a week. Ike psre feller 'ad to gum it at 'is meals while they was bein' repaired in the city." "He lived mostly on milk," put in the irrepressible Erm; "he uster drink pretty near a cow full every day, didn't he, dad?" Murry spluttered into her tea-cap. "A cow full ! The Lord 'elp us !" remarked Mr. Oabb tolerantly, and laughed a giuiT. ri'inbliug laugh. During the -repast shy, awkward bush etildren of varying ages kept dropping in casually to ibo number of half a score or so. To this day I do not know if they were all children of the house, I imagino net; I fancy Mr. Cabb. who was compara- tively well to rio, was looked upon in Hie neighbourhood as a sort of Universal Pro-: vider; in any ewe, the awkward squad i« v&riably; appened at meal limes, and ate veraciously and with peculiar guttural gasps. I noticed that the younger members of the coiifralerity conscientiously slimed their food (ssi'peut-like) before assimilating it, and whwi the meal included bones, quite a little symphony (as of piccoloes, played i« unison) engrossed the table. The shyness engendered by the presence of a stranger scon wpre off, but I cannot honestly say I ever heard one of them address an audible remark-they conversed together in hv«rs9 stage-whispers. The small boys all had Uie singularity of little wisps of shirt which hung down behind then} through the inter dices of/their tattered knickerbockers iikï so many'little Tails; while all the small; girh possessed-! very thin legs and wore '-Sxtra ordinarily big boots. The suusparing light of -day revealed tht fact that Mr. Cabb's immense' spade- beard h"d recently beeu ravaged by fire. The ef- fect was before my eyes ; Erm, the confiden- tial, who sat nest io me at tab'e, cnliphtc-u ed me as to cause. "Dad's allus bavin accidents to hisself,1' she volunteered, as artici lataly as a mouth- ful of corned mutton would'allow her tc qietk. ^"JD'yjj remember when he «as d-'p pin' sheep, Murry, hew he fell inter che dip an' got all over doper's? Then yesterday hi went ¿nd had a bushfire in 'is beard dropped, a match inter it while he was lightin' ? bis pipe. Didn't notice uothiuk was wrong neith-iv till Murry 'olla'd out to *im." }.':-.' Mr. Cabb guffawed. "Tliat'6 so," he said. '.Bit late, iii taeVyeàr- fer burnin'-ofL". "Yer oughter'-plóugh a fire break roúnr it, Dad," pursued the graceless Erm. "Clarry'll lend yer his razor if yer arst 'im to." I began Tither to appreciate Erm. She was decidedly pretty in" a freckly sort of way-the beauty of the family, in fact. Her impudence was simply colossal. Her last observation' hid the effect of turning a battery of eyes on a slight, nervous-looking youth of about sixteen or seventeen years, who was seated under the protecting wing of Sa1 ah. Erm had already informed me in a shrill asido that be was roustabout to the establishment, also, as an additional piece of irtéreBtiag infoimatio«, that Sarah wa J "shook" on him. According to Erm they were eternally "mugging" (whatever that may mean) in secluded corners, and that she. Erm, had never yet met the boy she'd mug \- not her; she'd se 'em furiher first-.ind no mistake! All this with a cocked nose and a withering eye for a saturnine lad ot fourteen or so, who was addressed by the tibie at large as "Piggy." Mr. Cabb again guliawed. "Loan me a rti'.orl" ho ejaculated. "Not too bad. ..O' course, the very thin'-if he's got one. Garry's 'air grows inside 'is cheeks instoad o' outsid-j, don't it Clarry ?" Everybody laughed except Clarry and Sarah The fovmer blushed i'ke a school- girl and fidgeted with his knife and fctk. Karadi inter-'ened "Den't tork sech r.on sc-r.sé, Dad." she said pettishly. "D'you want another cup o' tea? 'Erm, Erm, upend yer self, an' get me some 'ot water outer the kettle." Mr. Cabb decently composed his features. "I want yer to help me do a bit o' repairiii* down at the gully fence, this mornin', me boy;" he observed, turning to Clarry. "Then sheep o' Horton's is everlastin'Iy gettin' through- we'll 'ave to block 'em some'ow." "Well, you jest can't have Clarry this moruiu', Dad," put in Sarah decisively. "I want him to do a few odd jobs in the house." Mr. Cabb meekly acquiesed. I thought Clarry looked more miserable than ever at the delightful prospect held out to him. Erm giggled and c". oked into her tea-cup. "Wot price muggin'.?"' she spluttered. Murry's chrpnk^ grin widened from ear to «ar.' What I principally' admired about Sarah was ber definiteness. I had been at Bull-frog farm nearly a month when the engagement of Sarah and Clarry was publicly proclaimed. The an- nouncement did not seem tb arouse any en- thusiasm in Mr. Càbb's' bosom ; mdècd, he even ventured to remonstrate with his daughter. "We haven't knew him much more'u six weeks," he objected. "Besides, 'oo is' he, I'd like to arst? He ain't got a penny to 'is name beyond 'is wages, an'' he was dead broke when he come along 'ere starvin' for a job. Why, gal, there's 'arf a dozen likely, ard-workin' young chaps in the iieigkbour 'oo 'ud tumble over one another to git yer." "Let eui tumble, retorted haran con- temptuously. 'D'yer think I want to marry a acrobat? Clarry suits me well euuff." "But he's on'y a boy-barely seventeen, while you'll be tweu'y-eight come Christ- mas," pursued the unconvinced Mr. Crabb. The blood mantled Sarah's virgin brow, and her lips tightened ominously. "Twenty-five,'' she snapped . undutifully. "You've got tweuy-cight on the brain, like a-like a bloomin' ole parrot. Anyöw', if he is a bit young, so much the better-he'll be all the easier to break, inter one's ways. There's that five 'undred-aere lot t'other side o'. Stacy's vacaut end o' uex' March ; we'll take that up, till then, we'll stop 'ere.'' "An' where's the money to come from?" inquired her father pertinently. "You oughter know," responded Sarah, tartly. "Have'nt I bin slavin' ere, workin' me fingers to the bone ever since I was so 'igh? An' not so much as a penuy-picce or a new 'at fer Sunday's unless I went down on me bended knees an' begged au' prayed an' how to be grudged a few pound when it comes to makin' a start in life oin mc own account. You oughter be ashamed o' yer self, so you ought." "Well, I wash me 'ands of the olo' blessed bisuess, au' sc* I tell yer,'' quoth Mr. Cabb, with' unusual decision. "Eight; do 'em good," commented his daughter briefly. "At the. same time you might fill thc wash-tub and send Erm au' Murry along this way-it's gettin' late an' we're a day be'iud with the washiu' as it is." Mr. Cabb sighed heavily and withdrew. To me Sarah said, when I offered her iny con- gratulations. "Well, I'm sure I dunno, Mr. Steel ; it's a bit of a risk, I reck'n, but I never yet met mah I couldn't'manage if I give me mind to it. If you did think o' givin us a weddin' present," she added with rare foresight, "a nice tea-Bet !ud be as useful as anythink else. Lil Riley torks o' gettin' up a kitchen tea, but she kin save 'erself the trouble as fer as I'm concerned-I've no lime fer Lil. There's some likes a fuss; I don't, and we'll want all the money we've got when once we start 'ousekeepin'. _ I wouldn't let Clarry buy an engagement ring even ; there's an die roomatical one o' Dad's 'ell do orright to git married in-it's Rotter a gold shell au' j uobody'll know the diff'rence. I reck'n thc miuister'll want two-three pound fer marry in' us-seems a lot o' money, dont' it? 'Scuse me, Mr. Steel, but the dinner's in the oven." I went out into the sunshine, my head in a whirl. My respect for Sarah Cabb was in- creasing evary day. She was an undemon- strative lover. Erm assured me iii strict confidence that the happy couple never went to the leugth of embraces. Their ten- derest moments found them seated on the settee, in the sitting-room, their hands coyly clasped under cover of Sarah's ample apron, ana at such seasons the utter despair aud hopelessness depicted upon Clarry"s face was an object lesson in abject misery. Thus it seemed their alleged "mugging" was of the mildest description. Erm had ? the greatest contempt for the engaged -couple as an engaged couple. " She found them lacking in the warmth and abandonment which she considered should accompany True Love. Still, she was always hoping for "better things. Coming into the house one" afternoon, I caught her glaring through/ 'the keyhole of the 'parlour door, while Murry, sniggering in the background, in hysterical whispers demanded 'intelli- gence as to thc progress of her sister Sarah's courtship, which-ilr-appeared-was running its slow course ' in~eamèra. "Wot theydoin' of, Erm?-is "she srtfin'on 'is knee;'', she gurgled quaveringly. "Erm withdrew a pale but wrathful blue eye frcm the cranny "of advantage. "Siltin' on 'is knee, indeed!" she mur- mured scornfully. "Sal's jest as likely to be skin' on 'is 'ead. 'Ere, you kin 'ave a look if you like-'oldin' one another's 'ands like two beastly little brats!" Murry applied a big grey eye to the' ori- fica, quivered all" over, and- sneezed, violent- ly. There came a scuffling sound from with- in the room. Erm and Murry threw off all disguise and fled headlong down the passage, giggling shrilly and without re- straint. The door opened and Sarah, purple with fury, loomed large on the threshold. She 6aw me, and with an effort controlled the torrent of ready words that rose to her lips. "If I catch you two at the key'ole again," she shrieked, ' "I'll take the pair o' yer by the hair o' yei- 'eads au' dust the floor with you, so mind that now!" And I have'ut the slightest doubt that Sarah spoke in excellent good faith. Clarry received my congratulations thanklessly and with disapproval. His man- ner of spee ;h struck me as being heated ; it hod all thc warmth his method of courtship lacked. "I dunno wot I done to deserve it," he cried in his curious falsetto tones, the tears I welling in his great brown eyes. "Cheer up !" I said kindly. "If theologians and such-like- folk are to be believed, we none of us really and truly deserve happi- ness, but thc knowledge of our own un- worthiness should ever act as an incentive to rcuewcd efforts upon our part. She has given you the wealth of her fond young affections, you, in return,-" I broke down herc. Clarry looked at me as if he thought I had escaped from an asylum. "It isn't that," he said snappishly, "but I simply can't marry her-it's impossible. Oh, wot on earth have I done that I should get iu such a confounded hole? Why do people want to get married?" 1 "Well, why in Heaven's name did you ask her to marry you?" I retorted. "I didn't," he groaned; "and she didn't even ask me-she jest took it for granted, I .6'pose; and-and-and-oh, wotever am I to dp? Wherever am I to go? I declare to good- ness I wish I was dead !" "I'm ashamed of you," I said severely. "You are not worthy of such a priceless treasure BS--" "D-n you !" he howled, and darted into the chaff-shed. I saw Sarah standing at the homestead door, gazing tenderly in our direction, shielding her eyes with her hand. A day or two later, Sarah held a reception, for the express purpose of displaying the captive of her bow and spear to those of the neighbours who had hitherto doubted her prowess in the Arena of Love. It was to bj a regular sit- down spread, confided Erm. It seemed there was to be a special cake from the baker's in the township; pyramids of scones, the work of Sarah's own fair hands; a Billy full of gilgies from the brook (Murry's department, this) ; and a cold.leg of kangaroo for such as were car- nally minded. Each invited gnest was ex- pected to bring an unexpected offering, which would be received with ^veil-simulated surprise. My contribution was a dozen stcut.aud serviceable pocket-handkerchiefs from the store, which useful articles,'Sarah, in faskiouab'.j mood, spoke of os serviettes, ' end arranged on the parlour table acsord iiigly. Mrs. Murphy brought' a water-bag; Miss Stacy, in a stylish toque ornamented with a hawk's wing, brought the very iden- tical little tin-kettle we knew so well by sight, the price of which had been reduced by Mr. Peters,. the ironmonger, owing to a slight and unimportant flaw; Mrs. Peel, two frilled pilIow-sHp* containing sundry kitchen u'ansils ; Mr. Murphy, an enamelled jug; and so on. It promised to bc an in- spiriting affair. The parlour, freshly swept and garnished, was gav with wild flowers from the bush. Pink everlastings, arranged to represent two immense hearts linked to- gether in floriferous bonds, occupied the centre of the table ; til is was Sarah's "chef d'oeuvre." Even the kerosene box seats con- cealed something of their air of slovenly dis reputability beueath becoming draperies. An hour prior to the great event; Erm knocked at the door of my room in a state of sim- mering excitement. "Got any Nugget polish?" she inquired tersely, as I opened unto her. I admitted that I had a tin. "Loud ns^it 'arf a mo'," she requested. I complied. "'Ole in me stockin," she explained. Erm was dressed up to the nines-spotless white frock, pink ribbons in her well-frizzed hair; alas! iu one of her ribbed black hose a grievous hiatus revealed a pale patch of plump bare leg. She hurriedly licked a fiuger, smeared it over the surface of my Nugget polish, and gathered up her floun- ces. ... I discreetly looked the other way. '.There!" she cried triumphantly. "You wouldn't know there was a 'ole' in it, would you?'' I confessed that her resource as- tounded mc, as indeed it did. For my own pari, being a lonely bachelor, I have not infrequently utilised a paper-fastener as a collar-stud, on memorable occasions it has even stood. nie in lieu of a trouser button, but Nugget boit pol.sh as a concealer of the ravages of time in black "ribbed hose is a flight of fancy too lefty, too soaring for my impoverished imagination ! All honour then to the inventive genius genus of the small girl! When I put iu an appearance in the par- lour, the guests had already assembled. Mr. Cabb, overcome by thc fond feelings of a father, was telling Mr. Murphy that Sarah was the best, milker in the whole district. " Tîaveu kuows 'ow I'll miss that fine 'carty gal," he deplored. "But, there, it's allus tho way-train up a child an' away-she do go. Solomon, 'Bible bloke," he added, in order to lend the weight of a recognised authority to his statement.^ Mr. Murphy grinned. "I've married five meself-least mc an' the missus 'as-au' there's three more on our 'ands at this bless- ed moment. Must git "em off somc'ow, I reck'n,"' lia said. Sarah, who was got up to kill, hooked and ejed literally^ to bursting point, beckoned Muriel on ont? side ; her face was crimson and beaded with perspiration. "Murry," she Entreated, "run acrost to ole Mrs. Weeks this minute aud see if you can't borrer 'arf ' a dozer, forks. Quick now, there's a goo' gal. You needn't tell 'er we've got company. Dad- where's Clarry?" Mr. Cabb pulled reflectively at his bushy beard. "Dunno, I'm sure, me lass," he re- marked slowly; "'less he's gone 'crost to the twelve-acre for a load o' wood ; I toi' 'im to this mórninV "l*"er goodness' sakï, don't tork sillv, dud," snapped thc overwrought Sarah. Her- eye met mine. 'Mr Steel," she implored, "would yon he so kind as to find Clarry for me? Tell 'im he's keepin' everybody waitin' on 'im." I thankfully embraced the opportunity of escaping^from the overcrowded) overheated room; Poor Sarah, without-Clarry her 'tri-' umph was null iind void, thç'entcrtmiirbent a failure-Hamlet ' without life Prince of Denmark; in point of fàst. I sauntered Vinto the yard, breathed a deep sigh of relief, and lit a cigarette. An cid lady in au antiquated sulky w-is just driving nto the enclosute She "was a stranger to onie. She was attired in rusty black, a flumed bonnet liung at a rakish augle'over her brow, lier sparse t;rey l-.air escaped from beneath it in li- tie ia'* ti ils, hev face wis lean and pinched, her eye warlike and offendive. ''Here, man, hold nie horse's head while i I get down," sh>> commanded brusquely. 11 hastened to obey. As I have said, her eye was warlike. She scrambled awkwardly to ¡ earth, and I had a fleeting glimpse of prun- ella boots and dingy white stockings. In one hand she gripped an enormous um- biella. "This Cabb's place, man?" she barked. She had the bleary red eyes of a toy- ter- rier. "Yes, he's inside," I slid. "Did you wish to see him?" She vouchsafed no reply, but stalked straight down to the house. Yielding to a constitution il curiosity, I hitched the reins round a convenient post and followed at a safe distance in the old lady's wake. Mr. Pe*I was obliging the company ; he had started the second verse of an egregious song in which he raucously assured bis rapt Les i crs that his '"onie must be with mo ther," when the newcomer ttrode into th« room. Poor Sarah, without Clarry her tri sèmblage. Mr. Peel stood open-mouthed, mercifully unconscious of the utter absurdity of the figure he cut. The accordéon drop- ped from Mr. Murphy's willing hands. Mr. Cabb said-"Dammit! 'Oo the blazes. . .?" .Sarah started to her feet. "Where's my Clara ? What have you done with my niece? Lemme get at the" little minx and I'll break ev'ry bone in her body ! Bunning away from 'er 'appy 'onie, where she was treated like a daughter, all becos she had to milk old Mr. Bumpuss's two cows of a morning, and me traipsing 'arf over the country after her. Lemme get at her, I say -the little ungrateful 'ussy !" There was consternation writ large upon every face. The old woman's. .voice trem- bled with wrath, her features were.convul- sed with passion. Only .Sarah advanced re- solutely upon the intruder. The inipeudiug clash of two dominating spirits held us all spell-bound, but at that awful moment Murry burst into the room, her big eyes ablaze with indignation. "Missis Weeks-the ole cat !-ses you kin have the loan of her forkä when you re- turn tba fryiu'-pan wot you borrered twelve months ago come December, Sal," she shrill- ed. "And if you want C!arry, I saw him jess now, 'idhi' be'ind the v.ood-'cip-cryin' same as a kid," she concluded with scorn ineffable. The mysterious old lady swung round sharp on the girl. "You take me io the wood-heap and I'll give you sixpence," she said. i Murry would have betrayed the where- abouts of a whol'i family of recalcitrant heretics lo a Grand Inquisitor for half the money. ¡We followed the pair "en' masse;" the sijttiug-room was deserted, and old Rauger, the toothless sheep-dog, started worrying the cold leg of a kangaroo. Sarah_ Cabb walked like one "iii a "dream; flie aggressive personality of the old lady was too much for even Sarah. Her father kept ejaculating at short intervals-"But dammit all, wot does the woman want?" Nobody attempted to solve the problem. From behind the wood-heap came a sud- den sound of scuffling, a bastinado of blows, apparently delivered per medium of an um- brella, and Clarry'« tliin- edged falsetto. "Leggo me arm, auntie, an' I'll.promise to conic quietly. Ow-ow-you hurt '." "lil learn you," cried the terrible old woman's voice, grating enough to set one's teeth on edge. "I'll learn you to run galli- vanting about the country dressed up like the veriest scarecrow, of a boy».. Ain't you ashamed o' the "disgraceful figure you cut? Where's yer modesty? Look at yerself iii the glass, do, and blush for shame, miss!' (Under the circumstances, and in the ab- sence of a mirror, I thought .this was an unreasonable request of the old lady's : but passion is ever illogical.) "Giving me all this trouble jest becos a good, honest, elder- ly gentleman with two cows wanted to make a husband for you-though what he could see in your little dolly face the Lord on'j knows. I'll learn youi" Moro blows. Erm and Murry danced round the wood heap shivering with à fearful joy. Sarai and the rest of us stood rigid and petrified with amazement, absolutely incapable ol stirring hand or foot, as auntie dragged hei hapless victim into the full light of pub licity. Poor Clarry, or Clara, as I must now cal her; her knees smote impotently together her arms hung limply by her sides ; in thit moment of complete collapse her sex was al too plainly manifest, despite her ridiculoui disguise. I found myself inwardly marvel ling! how the usually lynx-eyed Sarah hae for one instant allowed herself to be de ceivéd. They say Love is. blind. Sarah'i affection must hare been of au eminently bat-like descrintion. ; "Into the trap with you!" Again that imperious voice rang out raspingly. Clara meekly obeyed. She cowered down upon the seat of the sulky and.wriggled with all the shame of a detected criminal. Her aunt stalked bellicosely up to the shrinking Mr. Cabb-7-shé seemed to know him by intui- tion-and shook her knuckled fist beneath his very nose. "You old villain!" she hissed. "For two pins I'd take the Lor on yer-decaying (de- coying, she meant) my niece away from mc !" She deliberately spat upon the ground, made a peculiarly revolting gurgling sound in her throat, and turning her back on the bewildered assemblage, clambered into the sulky and gathered up the reins. The next moment the conveyance lumbered creakingly. out of the yard, hotly pursued by the dis- appointed Murry. "Gimme me sixpence-you've forgot to gipiine sixpence!''- Elie bleated, hoarse with' rage. No response. "Orright, TH bash yer!"' she yelled, and, good as her word, sought , diligently for loose fragineuts of road metal. It was then that Sarah displayed that in- herent definiteness of character upon which i I have before now had occasion to comment. Though white as a ghost, she exhibited none I of the usual symptoms of feminine emotion. "I'm sorry that things have turned out as they have," she said huskily, addressing the awestruck company. One of her books and eyes gave with a slight rending report. "Some o' you've come a long way, an' I des ! say most o'you, like meself, have 'ome duties I to attend to. which won't git done of their own accord. So p'raps I'd better not detain you. Good afternoon, an' thank you fer comin'." She swung round on her father. "Dad, there's that bit o' fencin'; change yer clo'es an' you'll jest 'ave time to git it fixed up before sundown, 'gainst Horton's sheep. Erm, I want you to come an' 'elp me tidy up the place indoors. Mr. Steel, I'll fetch along a cup o' afternoon tea to your room in three ticks. Where's Murry. . . ." She walked back to the house without so much as a glance in the direction of the road and the rapidly receding sulky, which was being urged to full speed by the un- sparing flagellations of the remorseless auntie. Silently Sarah's guests harnessed their horses to their respective vehicles, and as silently as. the Arabs in Mr. Longfellow's poem, they stole away. The baleful shadow of that^dreadful old woman hovered over 'them like a cloud. From the belt of gums at the bend of the track, Murry's lamentable voice did not cease loudly to deplore her lost sixpence. Philosophically reflecting on the mutability of human happiness, I sought the sanctuary of my own chamber. 