WINTON. From Out Own Correspondent) Bushfin-5 and ttorms hare -been tlu» pri Joininsnt wenthrr conditions of the week, the' former frequently being the result of the letter. Lightning caused fires to 3orin£r uu in manv .Quarters ; but the runs .which suffered most have been those on the high country petireen here and Hughenden. Further on Essex Doi-ns ia stated to Lave had SOJBOO acres of --rass burnt. A big fire burnt part of Sesbania country, swept what is kno'vn as' Bartlsm's block, and then . came on to Balmoral selection. There was no one at' home bere and the fire burnt ail round tie newly-erected homestead, fortunately without doing the building any damage. Then it visited Werna selection, and passed on to Clio, where it destroyed a big area before going out. Manuka also had a visitation from the fire fiend, and it is reported that between 600 and 700 sheep, perished in the flames. On Bal moral also a number of stock were destroyed, whilst fencing also suffered severely, in some places, as many as 360 posts in one line of fence being burnt The -&aet; area, of country ravaj-ed can not be estimated with any degree of accuracy; but it mav safely be said that it covers scores of square miles. The loss that this represent^ however, is pureTV problematical, as good . rain on burnt country gleans .good preen '-grass. : Good storms hive fallen' this week in Places,' -u*4; th*%' Is ev-ary : jvosipect .ot mol%.'\W™t6ii:.il8elfJlias fae^Q'-cmlneky, fxfitmg oifly. &M; 'ii.yerf&day; 'and afeV spVinkles' last jnlfeh't ?' but ' otlier' plarta Sfere inbrt-_fortnhaEe. Kymmi stands out in this respect; havin*- m»L SS9 in. prac tically aB over the ron Within the last week, and the Diamantina. is nuining Q St. deep in places. .Other falls reported are -----BaEwortli, ,9.40 in.; Old - Dag worth, 1 in:; Ifelrose, 0.17 in.; Ayrshire Down?. 0.14 in.; Hderslie, 023 in.; and Oondooroe, 057 in. . Isolated storms hive also' run the creeks in many places. The weather is ' still unsettled, and, so £ar as can be judged, the indications arc favour able to a good season. ? Messrs. Cobb and Co.'s coach met with an accident on the journey to Longreach on ^'cdnesday morning last. It had got only a few miles out of town when the leading reins broke at the coupling and the horses became tangled, resulting it a broken pole and damaged harness. The driver (Mr. J. Koeter) returned to town for another vehicle. . and, after getting it. the horses ran on to the footpath at the comer of Eldefslio and Oondooreo streets, smashing off- a solid 6 in. gidyea. Riiide post and carrying awav one of Mr. R. S. Woodroofe's verandah posts, and nearly another. However, matters were fixe4 up. and a fresh start was made. The coach got through in good time. The new woolscour is working satis factorily: but the same cannot be said of the wooden water pipes leading to it, which are Btitl leaking, witli the result that, a stream of water is running back down the trench to the bone. Mr. S. V. Stott, lately of Alba works, is in charge of operations, and Elderslie wool is going through. ' Mr. J, M*Lcnnan passed on Friday en route from W«reiiida to Mitchell with 1004 buEocte apd ~HIS cows, tte prapertv of Mr. S.' Ednin. ^.Wr. .S; P. Mawhiatiey* has ubandonea tie Becond sub-arte£an bore on bis^Wap talan}-!. selection; »-i-fcn_ wak .Vaxgp pit as*ni*y' Mr. x: cmia»jMfti-1--it a. aeptt ofraxr ft 5te casing 'has Wn drawn end a start.- made^ witt Kb. Z bore. ... ,-. -?.'? . Meseri, T. G.'Millfr and Co. have been gtesiirii b^^onjMim^^g^^decMoB. Theyhave just struck «notber big snppljf : at a deptt *&X;& ft, finohinp up at ? 3S4 ft TEe'^B-qspTy mm tested up t» ' 20,000 ollhm d))ily^i^tne340 ft. levri^; befcw which iTSmld not be i-edneed, «.;-- t*at it can he readily pndentood pa£0 the: supply is a. Urge one. The -.-p-Etecr,^ is tf-chttr brackish, but splendid stock : water. This, site was picked by Mr. .T. Grey witii tiue oi*.-inui-*: rod and. «tronf-]jr recommended by him. This makes the third splendid success he has achieved on this ran. The plant, will raw go to : Ban-^elands. * . The Macknnda bore, which fa fceinR jmS down at the joint eipense of the Wintoa and Boulia shire councils and the Go vernment, has been very successful. T*a ' depth at last accounts was over 1800 ft. ? and the . stneam rises 21 in. over . thd casing, probably orer 1-000^00- RaHooe *- day. Mr. John Magoffin iBthe contrac tor, i Mr. C. Oickson is taking 5000 sheep, from Xamagie to Messrs. Haynes ujd Erans'a Xit|-en selection on agistment A meejLi-ig of the Committee of tbe Hospital Picnic Race Cub was held at the .Australian Hotel on Friday night. ' There were present :---Messrs. M. -3an£- han (in the chair), 3. W. Barton, A. Mintyre, L. Pether, W. Stede; Bnd F. W. Clonch (Hou. Secretary). The account of Messrs. 'iTiite and' Co- of £25, for laying waier' on to the new cout-se, was passed for payment The Secretary waa instructed to forward £8 to tie nXada . Bepartment, being the estimated cost of tbe survey of tbe new raserre, of wbicfc Mcscis. .£. Williams, 3. W. Barton, a Ei : * Atidnson, and the Oiaimian of the £bxt*o -Gonncil. fcr tbe time being an -to be . Eaietted trustees. Trees have aln-ady ' been planted in tie g-mininfr paodock, aiw the caretaker is also -planting & iawn.' ' \- Winter. 26tu Kovember, 1911. -. ? ? 