TO-MORROW. A TRAGEDY OF REAL LIFE. y (BY E. FRENCH.) - ;; :" ' - . A life on the plains had endowed Dick de Froyne with "crows/ foet" beyond his years. Lithe and lean ho was— sun- j browned and happy. Happy In a land llko this?- ' i He sat loosely- In the saddle, ,- and scanned the scnewith a smile. The smoko of- surrounding, though distant, bush fires! hung thickly for .miI03 over the waving white plains.' A dozen wir- lldlea "walked" . ; like ' majestic; giants through the heat, and an almost cop pery mirage lay broken and sulky-look ing, In the south beyond, .where a sort of gasping shimmer '-ran out to . infinity. \- Dick looked- at the , dust 'giants. ''They always remind -mo. of ; that Pil lar of. Cloud set to, -guide f-the Children of Israel," he -soliloquised/ "But ..you don't catch rae following one for forty years. . These areh/ such '- beatitios as there's so much' grass. about' -how. -The season's keeping very vdp' tliough. ' X pity the'poor chapa where'.all. this szhoke comes !;from IL their grass7- is anything like it Is here. : It ' really is serious; T 'must have 'a 'brealtf put. round- the homestead, but when a' fellow' Iq only just married, somehow -he ' can't help things going slack a /ittle. "All the same, if a fire .were to, come, there would 'be a ' considerable amount of roast mutton on the/run.' "Vyisl/ I'd thought of getting. a couple of paddocks round the homestead eaten -off/a -littlo before the grass dried up. so.' V I;ll .'move the sheep out of tho Myall' paddock'and the tipper Berrigan Into the Quandong. Yes, I'll start to-morrow," ;. ' . ' And so he rode on/ musing, tills, easy going young squatter . with tbe\ sun- bleached moustache.- j ; - Later the bride and bridegroom" sat in the spacious verandah-r-he1 still , happy and smoking u cigar,' and. if the Southern bride was a little palo frpm the. boat of the'day and the worry, of mosquitos/she talkod brightly, for she, too, was happy. Presently she sighed In response to one of his: remarks. .- - - ' "Busy, again to-morrow, . idear?" she said, a little disappointedly." "You're al ways' busy, DicklV . . .. / He. reached for her/'hand .-hanging loosely at her side, and lifted it to his lips, laughing: - / - V 'Well, my dear, it wouldn't do for a fire to get going wlth-a wlnd here. -We'd lose every hoof on the plaoe. The grass has dried Up lorrlbly theTlast two 'weeks. Wes must put tl(e' stock where they, can eat out a patch of safety.'.for themselves. I've left it too longalready/ and I must start to- morrow. J nek's away with -Tom at -.the out-station; they; ahould:.be>back oarh- nnflThere'SMlVOlLl Bob left be- side the cook. - No real danger of fires, of course, but one should -be; prepared, Some poor brute's getting, a singeing wherever thiB smoke's coming from. It hangs so. one can't - tell- the -direction. I know McCarthy and -Welselcy have fires on them, nnd there was. another showing out towards the Pinnacle on Thursday evening, before this haze settled down hero.. Anyhow, tlicre.can be no fire close, or we'd be able to' see ' the glow In spite of the smoke." ' . The night seemed to grow even stiller- all was stagnant as a ' dead hope. The girl used her fan languidly. "Warm,-' old chap?" : queried Dick, who. never could take weather' seriously. ' She smiled a little wanly and- tried to look brave. - He watched the painted fan waving Slowly to nnd fro, and quoted mischiev ously from George' Fleming's "Mirage": A fiowery fan for a white, flower hand v (White cranes flying, across tho moon), A breatn of wind- from a windless, land— A' breath In the breathless noon; Just then n slight breeze sprang up and they both laughed. ; v . . . : Gently . on Its warm breath came, the smell of fresh smoke— faint at first, but almost imperceptibly growing stronger. "Here, let's go to- bed; you're tired, old,' lady,", said -Dick. Soon ho returned In. his pyjamas from his dressing-room to . the verandah, and sniffed anxiously. "Rot!"' her said; "I've- often smelt 'em for miles. But I'll find out where that fire is to- morrow." : „; And as the glrr turned- tirodly- to sleep she heard Dick mutter, "Yes, find out to-morrow." "Mr. de Freyne!" called but Bob sharply from the. open window, , The old mia' was perfectly cool and collected. "Mr. de-Freynel" ' - . , i' Dick was out"of bed Ih.a tnotnent. . One iglance round, and . he had taken I whole situation.. A strong wind had sprung up. during the night/ and the un- nitural light was the glow, of a bush-fire. The smoke was stupef>1ng. and so drowsy had It made .thfe glrl thaVshe did not near Bob's cad. „ "Catch the flight-horse/ Bob. Ride Uke blazes to the dut-statlon. "Warn Tom and Jack, and the three .of. you burn as bjg a strip as you can on open country West of the cattle !and 'muster »em on to the burnt ground -.befoie the;, fire gets there. Ride for your natural .Ufe! "We're right— we'll take to the,' water!!' . This had wakened -.the gtrl, who sat up drowsily. ./ ; -. ' - Dick laughed;': . To be in action was the l only stimulant; he required." "Our happy Uttle vhome'll; be wrecked In something like: ten minutes," he said, as he bundled, the blankets, round the girl. "Put on 'youi/ .'shoes/ old chap, or you'll catch coid.; , and" faeT.flung Into some . gar- i.ments. , They went out together, and a hundred yards brought :them' to the reedy margin of a water- bole. : ' "In you go» -i old . chap!" he ordered, 'and get those blankets comfortably wet: and keep well in/ as ;the. flames 'll Jump a long way. ; | "Oh!", said. the. girl. "I trpd on some- thing!" and. in, she went bravely. I .He laughed. . ! "Back in a minute— going for some of -your wardrobe. .Don't mind if It -gets | damp a inde, eh?". j Dick' j had ' to /race back to reach the j water ; part of his 'clothes had caught 'fire, ' but he was unhurt, though very much out I of breath.-' The;. black blankets of smoke- were terrible/ - . .. Brought a, mixed assortment," he \ panted. ."Beat/'could'do/ Cook panicked out on to the.ptaln;v'll be caught by this time, I expect.'/ - . . "Dick!" said a feeble voice. . "Why, what's up, old woman? Smoke /ll all be gone soon, or the worst of It." "Dick! I'm hfrald- t!m very" 111," said the voice, still more feebly. \- ck put his arm around her. \ "Never mind, , old; chap, 'you're upset. Don i worry about , tlie place going. I'm not ruined while, my little wife's left to me." ' '' "Kiss me, Dick." / "Why, yes, dearest" ,. And somehow a- fear grew upon him as he stood there deep in the water, holding her In hls .arma . "She's, only - fainted — I know It!" he said. a know, it." So thick was tlie smoke that practically -noiimitf euaiu oe secu oui me longues ot the nearest .t (lames, which licked the water and. tore through the garden. Soon trees began to fall In the timber half-a-mito away; they punctuated the sucnee with the crashing of distant falling giants. '7 / "I know It!" muttered Dick. , Daylight came quickly, but Dick did not stir, though It had been safo to land long ago. v, This was tomorrewf Then something caught his eye by tho scorched groen rushes at the water's edge — somthing wriggling... ' "Survivor of the fire— badly wounded," commented Dick,- as he carried out the unconscious form and laid It down gently on the bank. Ho was hlmteif .now.; / ' "She'll come round' presently," he as sured 'himself. . 'Presently!" Nothing bv.l blackness on the plains and a dense smoko -on the face of all thing?. Still the giants crashed away out In the ring-barked timber, but the. wind had dropped. The homestead had made a delightful display for qulte -a-.fow minutes, during the night,, but V now was an' uninviting heap, or ashes. V Perspiring and- still badly frightened. 'Fritz, tnc cook, made his appearance cn the-dcsolate scene. How lie had escaped was ft marvel. . lie rain up from behind and began: Mon Dleu, monsieur!" The mar, seated 'by ' the water's edge turned b laughing, cinder-blackened face to' him, pointed to a little footmark which had- pressed 'something deep Into the yielding mud and went on playing with tho snakei - ' 