LIViU 38TOSB. 'MilRB CGXJIJCIL. The -moiitHy meeting of the livinp; ttone Sh'ire toundl' Wiis h«ld on Itonday ' nrtenicoB. There were prf«nl;— Messrs. R::T. Ua-floct- (CIiairmaE),' AY. Toft, W. n: lladean,' Al J'. T- Ath«rton, A. J. C. Collins, $ Thoraaseon, oi«I T. Smith. Apologies. Mr. A. L. llaolonald -ftTotc ajjoio^isinj for his absence' ' ~tik snRpretcd that -the Works' Committee; for' Xo. 2 dirision : ffconld-tert the Tkiksj- section of the'roai ~ near the' Fifteeti^niile Greek put iu^Tepafr ''?inTmedittlcly as7 it' was- in a' niost danfter «us state, and two accidents haj ' already occurred t'here.— Tic letter wa5 reteh-cd, ilr. Athorton remarkinjr that tlw ? pan' would attend' to fbe wort when it ? w;is in the-lswlitr. ' Sir. J.. if: Hutton a!so wrote apologis : jEg'fcr his absence! — Recefred.' AppliKitiGns- far ? ElaoRhterinf! licenses wire- received from Mr: S: J. Smilh, \- Tiriisamull'; the Koefchamptou'- Boilinj:-! down and Meat Works Limited, 'Serinw \- bera ; ilr. A. Ai Hayloct, Emu Park^ imd llr. A. E. Draper, Emu. Park. Appli ? tatirfbs tor ''transfers' of slaughtering Uconses from Mr. A. Lock-hart to- Mr. p. Dwy^r, Xew- Zealand Gnllv, a'n3 from ill'. . C. H. Goitke' to Mr. M. J. Hcffenian, Yaamba', Were alio received.1 — It 'was re solved to oiTer no objection to the granb ' in*r' of the' applications. ? - Mesers.'Rees' R. and Sydney Joues for warded a cheque for. £3, beinff license fee an& \Titm?ss*s expenses in the matter _ of the Council v. Lyon. A-furtber-Utt« vti- received from the same writers cn closins a diequ'e for £31 ]!)s. 5d. in pay wpat of rates coHected. — The Chairman ? gnl4 be ted instructed the solicitors to issue ct'- summons -for ' tlie reco'veT^ oj all ?? 'ontstniidiii^'rates. TLe Aetinj; Secretary of the Local Authorities Association of Queensland (ilr. a.- M. K!nff- wrote a-s foUmrs— ' In reply to your letter of the.Hih of No vember,' I 'have the honour- to''advise you on the facis stated as follows : Eoads ! are pbw-od ? under - t'hfr jnrisdiction of the local authority for porposeg- of' ctmBtruo tion, mainteiwni-e, and control. The loial authofity s -T\tfrsdictio'BJ 'is not, however, absolute (vide opinion in 3Iorse's Lepal Dpiniocs on local ' government law, pa°'e- 7C, and the minutes of the 7th o£ Octo bet? 19b7. -wbicb were forn-arded to tout '?Council).' Beserves.are-of different kjndn, and the risrhtR and duties' depend' oh the' nature of .tafi reser\\*e — for instance.' ' whether the reserve Mists for a' parti ? ettlar purpose, whether the local authority -has-perircrhent' or temporary' control,1 ana vncth-.'r the Council .Iiave been appointed frusteoK. Reserves may be placed' undii- the management' and control of the 4ocal authority (Local Authorities Act, seetioii VO, and1 Land Act of 1S97, sections - 190 . to 193J. As ia tho case of roads tliis does not ve^t the property io the local authority, it only conferB power to do those things absolutely or necessarily io ?'I'iderital to the proper management and control of the particular reserve, or'ea: 'prossly conferred by statute, and to per ' form the duties imposed expressly or by 'necessary implication.- Those rights anS duties vary according to. the nature 'of the reserve. Tlie property in timber en' the resene is no.-more vested in the Jbcal authority than is the timber on th4 'roaai (c.f. Municipal Council ot.Town* viUer-Eooney, QXJ^'IDS).' If the re mo\\-al of; timber is necessary for the pro'por control and management of tltf .reserve, the Council may remove it -an-i 'would be probably allowed. to sell what* was' removed. The local authority is pnurtfcaBy in toe -positSonof a 'baSliff or «si-etaker^for the -Crown may resume coit 'trol or may place the' reserve under th^ ,care of the trustees.' In my opinion the -T4W.-' relating' to timber on reserves J placed, temporarny under -the control '-of »' local sithbrity is euuilar to that coi- cerifinia; tinlber -«a: roads. Of course, if .±he- kwalanthofity is actually the owner pf any land usetl as reserves for parks; Trccreitien. or any purpoee, it is the actual Hvraa dltne tiinber Uiereon ana may. So ' as they please with 'if^irr. Toft move-1 that the letter be juli. over until the jnustion.of ieasine reserves came up for -ConEiaerafisD.— llr. Snufii* seconded tic jnitionT ! H«' said that' th'-- opinion wa£ 'lldt quite' in' accordance v.-itli1 thtt civen ? by' the' '5GnBter'lM'I«ni&. :-MrV ilacart mey).— The jDotioi was_carrjea. i \- - Ar-prectpt -iar £& 10s. was -ruceired tram ihe Preaaent of tie Fitzroy 'Bridpe Board (l£r.' P. ' Bennett):— the precept me passed {of -payment. Mr.'TC'JPDbiiaJi Xess Park, wrote Joffeci3ij{ . tjO'..pl%cc- & \--Eiqilioi^ ^liAndra3*-*ni !xhir- fcwtbddse-ior.fi.— The- letter fas . receiTecl, llf ;' ilsclcari iciitrrking that tie 'place -fntslnol 3anfierciTt. The Genenil ►traffi ? Manager for the ;-Coitrt];Di--ision -JIr, J.-liGrath) witn-, in ripply to the pr-ri:Vn h-^m' residents raud'raiecayers if VUnM'* Ctraliners rela ^re. to ? 'passenjtcx !':J- ?-t'^w vvaxotd^*to 'Srini -?by 'the Councfl, stating Wit it had-beeii approved to srrant- specie! fares onSiin .jdiyi from- .Mount CSialmers 4»' Yeppoon at 2s; Si firct'dase and Is. 9d. 'second- IcfasSj svapable for. return on flre day- of isEue only. Si'tniiar tickets *would' be issued for intermediate places to ' Yep poon on Sunday9 fn-i ^c fares would not * -more 'tha-h tbfee quoted.— tb* letter was TCceivtH, ^Irr. Toft statiiv: that th-- letter 'was L satisfactbryi the fares ubw (tiiis reasonable; 'The Town Cferk of Jsorth: Bockhamp tpri (Sir. GL .C; Acheson), wrifins with reference ^b the state of the boundary Bridge at ThozetV Creek, /stated that: the' necessary timber was 'ordered in October kni-wheh it was ' received, the work-^of repairing 'the brnige would Ik taken in- haiia Trittont delay. Eojne repairs had^recebtly been eflVtted. which fhouid ?maJ:fe'tlie bridge le^s dangerous for traffic in -the1' meantime.— Mr. Toft : Thti IMrt has bieen liancfnl ' fire for' about thr^e 'm'onths.^The Chairman : Yes, a t«*mp-(r-' ary expedient is hot' verv much «*wod. ? Mr. Toft said thatUhe Korth Hockhan,!! tbn Council asfced 'permission to' take stone from their quarry to mate a tern-' poraiy bye-road ; orif the Korth Hock-! hampton Council :was' making a permanent road. It was carting the etone from Uiej quarrj in an unsatisfactory manner. Tlie ' Qrersecr Imd ii*-ated-»n Jt, -so _tkejr, . codld icare-itoes'-letter-OTtr -nnUl-iftey*; were coneiderinR the . report.'— ffhe felter ' ?w*aar6-rt«f ?*?. ' ? :,?? .- ? .. Mr.' A.' Morgan made application that ' a drain ehouM- -be put' -do\tfn ' on the northern end of miner's homestead lease No.*'3- to- previhiti storm —tfirtirt and . drainage from Hie ? Ebyal Hotel passing .; ont* tbe-bo-mentetd-— It was rtsojvea to inierm-Mr. Mbrfean-ttat the drain wojTa . mftttcr 'between'Mmsieli and Mr; Palmer. - :, Mr. J.- MErory; NerhBbora'. -wrote »k- .-; ing' that the road leading to lua -place slould be pat' in a. condition -fit for irb%el - traffic— Referred to -the Overseer. The Superintendent of the Great Fite- ' ror Blines-'(Mr. ST. W. MoufeT, TrriUng w-ifli TeYfareBce -to an application by 3Ir. - Tooker' for the '^closure of tte Toad ))c- - twecn -portions 424 aBd'I62S,'stated ttat *, the'cJosing' of the road wDuld lie reTy injurious teMiis company^s 'interests1 inso much as io a short whBe 'it Vint«nded cut- -. '? ting timber from that neighbourhood, ' when it would be neceesary to use the road* in' order to send the timber to flw works. He also wished to point -rat' tliat should the road be dosed there -'? would be' no other- means of- access '^lo the timber except thrbn£h a snamp uii 6vi?r a moontain.— The Cndcr-Secretiry '. for Lands (Mr. P. W. Shannon) forwar- - Sed a copy of a notice ? published in fbe ' 'Goverriiuent Gazette' ol the 4th-'of---i Koveriiber relative to -the appliration Tor -? the deiure of the -road by Mr. ? Tooker.*— , Mr. Toft, in moviac that tire letter' 'be recei\\-ed, said that he intended to sive - I notice of motion, in- tiew of- this and ?' Mother objections, to rescimfins- the moHcn passed in Octber last'relai'n? to- Uu; road. ^-The Chairman ^ecosded ? tile nuotioa 'sstd ? it was carried:' - ' ? ? ? Mr. A. J. Crowthcr. Secretary to th» Commissioner for Railways (Mr. C. Evans) forwarded a copyof'tlie plan-of resumptions in connection with the Esin '' Park Bailwa.v. An area of 2 roods 29 poles had been resumed from the pro- - perty of Mr. R. Bassett for a Rtopping plaee at 19 miles 18 chains, Coowonga. — ?Beceived. ' I Mr. M. A. Parr, Oatlands, «ked thai' the road between his house ? and tlie cor- - - ner of Mr. Hiedeman's paddock, a dis tance of about forty-five chains, be cleared ?tor a w-tfth of 15 ft. He offered to' do ;the irort himself at Ss. 6d. per chain?— 'Beceived. 1 ' Mr. A. R. Black, -writing in reply to a letter from the Council in which it vps stated that the Council would bear half the cost of rcpairinc the uasluvuiy at -the end of tlie Serpentine if the owners of tfie lasoon would bear the other .half, stated that as it -was on the road he thought it ' was the duty of the Council to do tbe.'re- - pairs. Xothins had been done to. the road for the last su.'tecr. or eeventeen. years.— It was deciaed that, if Mr.' Black: could not see Iiis li-ay to pay' half the cost of the re pairs. Overseer Barrett should be instruc ted to do the: -new crossing at a cost of £4 or '£5. ? . ' Mr. S. W. Johnson, Cares-e School, Xaamba-road, -imrte statine -that in July i^st he 'selected portion -65. parigb -of Jar- ' dine, andf-on^ix^ Ho the construction of tiie N'orth Coast Railway, lie had no outlet to the: Yaamba-road. He asked the Council to assist him in getting a. cro3shur at a suitable place between sixteen and seven teen miles on the ran war-— The letter ijas reterred to the Works Committee. ' Mr. J. C.' Collins, Bloomfield, Yeppoon, requested that the Farnborou^h State School be removed from file roadway oil .^ the grounds that it was not only a. nuis ance. but a dancer: It:took'up» consider- ?? able amonnt of -the roadwar and when the children were ranningubout — tteToadnrta . the only playjrroond they had— it was1' s ' source »f danger to anyone riding- ordriv ing past. It was understood that the Sebooi Committee US wtsther- site for the school ia a cood ?-position-, -Where the boM ing -would not be -a ouisance to -anyone. — It was -resolved' to ssk the Depaitment'of - Public Instruction to- remove- the school off the road. ?The Town Clerk of North Bockhampton advised that- Messrs. J. Bowman. 3D Charles. J. MaUiieson. TV. ISscox. and S. - Bishop did- not hold licenses from his Cooa- ' at In a further letter Mr. Acheson stated : thatMr. E. W.MeoreheldaUoense-feHn : the-Counc-il for two drays, .each drawn ly, - three horses, wftfa nn -restrictton as to tbd - width of the tyres.— Ho; OxA-Otx.^.-f. '.- Ei£barasQn)«aJd.tilat«ll*hecaiTierB«ieo- ' iio«d,iB-rth» first letter had-piid-thieir ? Uomse-iees.- 9Tie second letter- wa»-he!d orer Tmtilaie matter oi. r«4proeity in the . - license Jeesihad-beajKoosidered. ?????? ? The-Main^enance-Bnetoeer-for the Ceji b»TDisSl--t'-Mr. ST. L. BodftirV. writJaK ??^th iea«Td;-to the roadaipproach: totlo extensiott of the^fork line at YcppooB, called attention to t lie report of -the Cooe aSs overseer,^ -trt.i«rh it was stated: -Uwt ' from the prpsweed level -T0Eione to the Adelaide Park-road was a distance of- 10 -. chains 91 links, and' to clear, form, *Bd ' 'metal the road. 10 ft. wide, with 1 ft.flt ? : metal. wquU-coet abTut £7», to say sott- , ing- of drainage. He (Mr; Badger) iniA . been rsqucsted bir the CSUef Enzineer (Mr. ' N. G. Bell) to, ask if the Council -wouM ;, clear, form, and metal the road, \G ft: wSdr. ^' al a «wt of fj.1-'. and to st»to that the 1 Co-fnmi?sioner would pay ih^ Coun^i'othat-. '^ anunint on the -underrtaiKlins tiiHt the -i Council took over the road when it vn» . ?% completed and maintain it. us it passed -« surveyed aliolmertK. wist which, it- 'WHS ' presumed, the Council would, in the near ? future, have to provide and mamfiini-^'f- f road.— Mr. Atherton moved that-*lie letter S be received and that the offer be aeceptenV n —Mr. Thomassbn seconded the motion, ?and it WM carried. ' A letter was received from the Mount Korean Goid-micmg -Qompany stating that the General Manager XCantain «3. A. -Eichani) had approved of Mr.- J. White conferring with the Council with a view to .advising it as to the best method to adopt to minimise the risk from falling debris from a. cliff on the Bluff-road. Yepnoon. .Mr. White intimated his williuzness to make the inspection and ndded tliat he as sumed that the Counril would defray his otil«i pocket expenses. In a further letter Mr. White Hated tliat hr would go to Tep f-oou to make the inspection on tlte 1st in ttast.— The letters were received, and the Mount Morgan (jcmimay u-ii» c-Tdered to be tlianfccd for its courtesy. The Hon. Secretary of the Ycppoon Amateur Racing Club (Mr. V. ,T. Lennonl asked the CouncO to prevent persons from vending fruit or soft drink* on the road from The Bluff to ihe turn-off at Moikle vule on Boxing Day. the date of his dub's race meeting. — Mr. Lranon was ordered to be informed that the Council could not pre v*'Ht unyoos trom vending from o. cart, but it could prevent the erection of booths. Mr. H. T. Hethcrlngton. Ycppoon. asked that attention should be given to the drain in front of his business premises in Main street, Yeppoon.— It was resolved to inform the writer that he mu-t erect the bridge over his drain at his own ex panse. Mr. £ Mr3!and ir.limalfd that be had ibonii-l-^*d tie Tx-paivs- to tiw BvfivMMary valrread. — The amount wax ordeied to be ?paid en -the Overseer'* certificate. The Vndcr-Seereiiirv for Lands acknow ledged the receipt of plans showing the 'prop-yscd' fond alterations in. portion 125. parish of Mnrchison. portion 2020, parish ot Kosslvn, and portion 13, parish of Jar dine, and stating that, in compliance with the Council's request, the cost of the sur veys would be. borne be the department. — The lettCT was received. Mr. Thomasson re marking that it was very satisfactory. ? In a further letter with reference to the opening of a road through portion 125, parish of Marcfaiacn, the Undcr-Seeretary for Larulti inquired whether the existing one-chain road through the portion was not sufficient .for public requirements. — The Cteik was instrncUd to report on the mutter at the nest meetine. A notice wan received from tb» Commis sioner Jcr Railway* of hi* intuition to re sume 15 acres 3 roods 10 porches of re serve No. 894 for ramping and water for 11 site for a railway station at 8 miles 23 ? chains on the North Coast Raiiwav. — It \- was decided to offer no objection to the re sumption. The Resident Engineer of the North Coast Railway (Mr. W. H. Munro) wrote .thanking the Council for permission to re move timber. — The permission was srranted on the condition that all tops% were de stroyed. The Clerk of the Fitzrov Shirs Council \Vx. C. E. Whitman) acknowledged the re ceipt of an account for maintenance of the Yaamba 1 errv and asked on what terms the ferryman, Mr. Moore, was engaged. He also advised that his Council had decided -to terminate the existing agreement as ?from the 26th of November, as ihe expen diture was considered far too greet for the benefit received by the few ratepayers who 'used the boat— The Chairman, in rcsly to -Mr. Smith, said the arrangements were made with the approval of the Fitzrov Council— Mr. Smith said that the boat -was of much more use to the ratepayers of Hm uhire of Fitzroy than to the rate-. ?payers of livingstone. He moved that the Fitiroy Council be asked to take over the boat and i*s management, and. the living stone. Ooutcil to pav half the co-t of the expenses. — Mr. Atherton seconded the motion, and it was carried. It was al=o resolved to ask the Fitzroy .Council to continue the present arrangement until after tie. wet seaaoiL. Mr. C. T. Moare wrote statins that the Taamba ferry boat required painting and .tarring. — It was agreed to wnd the neces sary material provided the Fitzrov Council approved of the expenditure. Mr. T. M. Kelly lodged an objection to tlie rios.lre of the road between the Bin!;^;a itnsphMd and Miss Ban's pro pf rty. applied for at the lafit meeting of the Co;-ir.*il bv Misf Barr.— The Inter was ' received. Mr. Smith savin? th.it the obiec .tion would be fatal, to the dosing of the rc.i.l. Mr. 3. Griffiths, manager nf Mari . borough Station, applied for pirmi-sion to c-rerf a 1 licensed gate on tlir ma A between j Maribcioufh and Clifton, on ilie Marl borooih side of C-rindiione Croek. — It was Ax'iir-i to grant the application on the usual' conditions. Reports. The Overseer for Xo. 1 divUion (Mr. H. Clon.-) reported as follows— ' I have the honour to -report that mv gong was em plo-t^i last month, for twenty-three days on the Nankin-ltalnagowan-road, forming and gravelling ihirty-eiMtt and a-half chain-, twentv-sis chains of sidedrains, and general repairs, and three dars on the UaluJOTWMi-TunSKmull-ruad doing ursent rcjairs. 1 beg to call vour attention to the paragraph in t]i-? local papers with re »pect to the la*t meeting of the Korth. Kockhampl on ? Council, where they are charging the Railway IJcnirtmcnt 6d. per yard royalty for material obtained on iU property at Glenuiore. I bill not pass any remarks as to tlte righto or wrongs thereot; btit 1 wi^h to rLN2Ommcnd that your Council charge a royalty of 1?. per yard for material taken from the Eoongal quarry. I « ish. to point out that there ia a very heavy strain on the Koougal quarry as the road material for Eoongal and fiake's Crctfk must come from that quarry. The foregoing two places com prise a very large area in vour division, imd to supply the Korth Bockhampton Council also nith material makes a very heavy strain on the quarry. I ara afraid that anv day hard and unless rock will be met witik and would prove »n trpen^ryft it#m to your Council. J there/ore wi?h to ad\ise your Couucil to stop all pirating on that quarry at once and save it for your own nwlfwl use.' — The Chairman said the Clerk Has writing a letter to the North Rookhamplon Council, which be hoped would have effect. Overseer Glore a!-o repm-ted— ' With re ference to the letter fram Mr. T. H. Han cock. Emu Park, claiming £3 Ss. for work done bv ray order. 1 beg to report that I arranged with Mr. Hancock to form and metal six chain? 1£ ft. wide and 6 in. deep at the rat« of 3s. per cubic yard. One chain would require fourteen and two thirds cubic yards, or fifteen cubic yards per chain. The six chains would require ninety cubic yards, at 3s. per yard, equal to £13 10e.; eleven chains of sidedrains at 2s. Cd. per chain. £r7s. 6d.. making the total for the Kinka- rood £14 17s. 6d- I also arranged with Mr. Hancock to muster and tnrn out all cattle in the botanic re serve at the east of 2s. 6d. and clear the scrub from the ckwrt in the botanic re serve at a cost of 2s. Cd., or a total of 5s. I beg to recommend that the amount of £3 5s. be paid to Mr. Hancock. All the work done by Mr. Hancock bv my order is paid for to the best ot my knowledge. I have arranged, with Mr. T. Perkins to fill in the approach n«r the door of tin ladien' dorfts in the botanic reserrj'. Emu Park, to repair the approach to tlic men'* bathing beach, and to repair the Boor to the men's buthinjr shed. I bey to cull vour attention to the fact that the lifebuoy in th* men's bathing shed in missing.' The buoy in the ladies' hathin' shed TO unless, as I found the lanyord iras tangled and knotied. It took me half-an hour to put it inpropmr order. I am informed that these buow «re given to children to play with. I beg to recommend that a notice be posted np at each bathing fhed prohibiting any person from using the buoys otherwise; Ukan for the purpose they are intended for under a penalty of .€5. i also beg to recommend that a notice be inserted in the local papers, advising the public not to camp in the botanic reserve in cr o«tsidi- the fence, offejideis to be pro secuted. I a'«o bejr to recommend that the owner of the old rookery on th« public road in front of allotment 52 of section 26, parish tot Archer, he com pelled to shift off the road, as it is an eyesore t«- everybody. It also is the only dwelling on any road or reserve in your division. With reference to the letter from Mr. C Joy. Sandhills, asking your Council to extend the time for re moving the obstructions on the road'- in front of his property, I bejf to recom mend th»t the request be granted on. condition that he will barn and remove all timber now inside the fence in case the suns is not in the locality. The Ut ter from the Central Queensland Meat Export CtmnT, catlinB attention to the road from Balnagowan to QgaBa, wffl he attended to in due time. I beg to define the boundary of ti* CawarraJ pt-W- Beld reserve as commencing on the north western corner of selection 891, from there to the fujnth-easlprn eorner ««? selection SS2. from Ui--re esat/ri? to ttw norrti-e!Mrt*»ni eorwr of arf«-etM-n 20, froni. there southerly to the south-astern cor ner of selection I.t, and from tlicre win terly to the starting point. The rentiers referred to in the letters from Messrs. Sontcr, Kerrigan, and others have been attended to.'— -Mr. Maclean moved that tue report be received- — The Chairman seconded the motion and it wjs carried. —Mr. Maclean moved that the reeommen dations of the Overseer with regard fo Emu Park matters be adopted.— The Chairman seconded the motion and it was carried.— It was also diiided that the boundaries of the Cawnral goldfieM reserve should be sent to Mr. TookT with an inquiry as to the *ost of dear ing the prickly pear thereon. The Ovemeer for Xo. 2 dirhioo (Mr. B. lianett) reported a- foiiows* — '? My gan^ was eiEployrrl for five da\s in Xo\'-*nilxvr in mctjtlling jjilllv crossings bctiveen the Ea.-tJ-rn liranch' Bridge an.1 Mariii'tnpy s turnoiT anil putiini; in re taiuiiiff lom. The mt-iaJ for this vcork was hauled four miles. Ei^ht dava iv«*!C o-rciipic-l 111 oxca \'alituj, cordurovifl', ani mptaflinj: the third s\\\ imp cros^-inK aivJ erecting jruidc jm^ts for a l*-n^th of two ohainh. 3 it. apart, width 13 ft., and 1 ft. tliick, ihe haulage Ix-inz odp and three quarter milp. Tltree diiys were spent in vu-cUr.tr HK. t-uijo w'j-s an-.l doinj fretn'rjil rritair« ltetwr^n the Eastern UiHiK-h J*.ri»!j-r and liir Canal t^reek«atP. pii»d in shiitin^ fiinip from the northern 4*ii-1 to the souLhorn end of thp Oanai Cre*-k-ro.id and repairing th*- pnlly croea in^' ::nd metailin^i a bop^v place ueartbp lHrB;»fT oi the German enttlpnipnt. 1 was awyv for eleven da\i- inspecting various nsjillrib and satliejin* ihe names oi car rii-i* for the whw! tawa. With r.^aid to the cro*';iii» on the I'aamUiCauarraJ voart near Mr. A. Millrr's. 1. inunii-ntd Mr. Miller, and he is not 'rflinj; to Rive up the old crossing at any price as he wants rt to make a waterhole. This is a-quarter of an acre of bin land. This waterhole is only a little pothole, and, waterhole anywhere else as therr ; but if Mr. Miller' will not part with it. it ts a matter for the Council to deal with. There is only one place to make a cross ing a* the pully is very rou^h in places. The new crossing will be a heavy pui!. The bank L- 8 ft. high from the 'bed of the cully, and there will be 118 yards of earth in the cutting to shift. Then the erade win be only 1 in 8, with two re taining logs, and a foot of metal in the b--d of the gully and a. little clearing. II r. Miller is willing to undertake this work for f 12, and, in mv opinion, it i* worth that if well done.' With regard To the prickly ppar growing on the by«' road leading from tire main Yep pnon-road to Lovandev, by Mr. Jensen's place, complained of lyy Mr. MT-atchey. I hare inspected the same and I find *hnt it would take about £3 to dear it. So far I cannot get anyone to do the work ; but as soon as I can I wffl have it done. With regard to the nuisance complained of by Mr. W. Thomasson, I visited the place, but. un fortunately, he was not at home. I .nude inquiries, but failed to find anything of any consequence. I believe therr ivas a be]] at the time the repoit was wade .- but there is none now. For the future 1 will do my best to prevent any nuisance occurring. I have also inspected tbe work on the hill near Woodlands gate done by Mr. D. Brown. It is a good job. and there fore I pass it for payment. When in Veppoon last 1 was asked by several people to remove tbe rocks opposite the ladies' bathing shed sticking up above the sand. Xbey were a great nuisance while bathing. Therefore I arranged with Mr. J. Jones, of Teppoon, to remove them for 10s. Mr. Jones also helped me to repair the waterlift in Yeppoon. We were there tbe bisKcst part oi the day and I forgot to ask him what he would charge for his time, tint that can be settled at any time.'— The report was received and the amount men tioned for wort dene was passed for pay The Overseer for No. S division (Mr. T. A. £&hl;) reported as follows— -My sang was employed in Norembar for two days in taking out ' some trees Mod tor twenty-: four -days in forming and tmtaHrog thirteen and »-half chain of road. 15 ft. wide, spread Win. thick, near Mr. LastV — Becrived. . ? 'The OrtTseer of the firms gu? in, Mo., 3 divvnon JMr. JM_ Trrfcll) reported as.lat : luws— ' We wrr«[*m|do.ved for :hroc days -l»rtborough domg g«wral r^jOn, lad for balf-a-day in ercx-Ung tamp at Mari borougb. We startS oT the ctT^ t'£ rJ? tllLA»»'' Cr«k Serab-roai tvf^lie *iys tvrduroyina iour and «-h»lf depth of 6 in.- anil ^i«i dn-= ,--.-« -v; * guBv and mi!!s in rX™^l,e rePoA'w« reewved. Mr. Smiiu sai-inc thit a baa bWc tr. the -i;o-- n^- u-»T Marlborouffh »as fUMJOoht und,-r his notice and he wrote t.- ^rJ-verrr' who na3 nOB *'™dinjt to it. Ihe tTwk reported as follows— - As innructed. 1 have ihr honour to «ubuut hersvrth a sketch of a feature survey for a proposed dam ou tUe defence r,-acric at Emu Park ; but, in M. doing, I should like to tiy thiil tin; hmitt-d lime at mv dU iPowJ. a/t-r reviving instructions. ha5 pre jcludcd my giving the attention to the iiusilt ^ne-vs-jiry to furnish accurate information, and the estimates, &c;^ sub mitted, nrnsi. t',icrei,,re. U- regarded as quite apiiroxinmte. The skcttli. it nill be .«-f«. provides for a puddle wull Hi ft. high irom the ltv.est Itvcl of tbe natural sur |f.!M of the ground. Iiaiing fur itF extreme | base 40ft. and frottn eft.. tUtrebv givin' ;a batter of U to I. and a .pillwav at the j»ct end ttitTeof, 130 links uiile on top sixty-tbrcc links wi.lt. at the bottom and .3 ft. dt*T-, whirfi u-uuld be stone-phched I from th^ comnieri-cmcnt of the dedicity |to the end of the Pii»«i2o. As the material for the mluukn..^; i., to be cxtavated I from the area to lx- hnnird. it would 'seem that sui-Ii a dam. uUin full, allowuw for the *rvcav.iting pit. uould contain about 4JJ284J30 giUlons. and iW water would be djjnuncil back for a distam-e of five and a-hall t« ©is chains. Tlw cAtchmeat area would. a- show n, U' a;.-,fro\iiuate]y twenty acres, and that of tlic d*m about two aad a-halt arx.s. Ti'i'li ritard tn tue proposal to erect a windmill for tbe purpose of (drawing from the dam into a tank to be | placed on the crest of th-- hill in proximity I thereto, it seems questionable, when the I nature of tin? Kround if considered, whether such a course would be practic jable. A mill will c-rfainlv not wnrfc isatiKfactoriry if excluded from sofficienE air current; which would be the ease if placed alongside the water, and also a mill win not, I understand, work properly at a 'greater distance, vertically, than 25 ft. ifrom the water's edge, so that as the hill |'n which the Un}- i^ to !«? tiacd wi'3 be ,.50 ft. vertically and 244 it. horizontally, 'from the water's edge, when the dam is . full, a mill could rot verr well be adopted I with much hope of satisfa^torr results. I Consideration miglil. therefore, be givea to the question of in-taJM- a suitable oil i cnaine and plant at a --o=4. of about £130 [instead, which would be certain to be | satisfactory. The fi-li«\rfns » a rough estimate %$ the c»--t of making the dam and erecting a mill plant. &c.;— Excavation and filling 2900 cubic yards at la. 2d. per yard, £IG9 3s. 4d.: fencing. £40 ; 16 ft. mill, with 30 ft. tower, £49 ; tank of £0.000 gallons capacity. £32 ; pomp, £7; labour (£-ung plant). £20; 2 in. piping from tbe dam to the tank (475 feet at lid.). £22 13s. M.; fixing (at 3d.) £5 IS?. 9d. ; 2 in. pipe from the tank to the township, say tbe railway station (4752 feet at lid), £217 16s. : fixing (at Sd.), £58 Ss. -. extras (*ay). £50 ; total, £672 l»s. 10d.— The Chairman moved that the report be received and submitted to the Emu 'Park Progress Association for consideration— Mr. Maclean seconded the motion and*it was carried. Finance. The Finance Committee recommended p&vrocnt; of accounts amounting to £418 15s.. including £62 12a. (M. on tbe £«liral account. €121) -s. Ud. on No. I division, £155 2s. Sd. on No. 2 division, and £77 Qs. 2d. on Xo. 3 division. It also stated that tie balanws to date were No. 1 division, drtii ot £4QS 16s. 4d.. No. 2 division, df-bit A £Z* 7s. 7d. : Ko. 3 division, a edit of £695 ISs. 7d. — leaving a net indebtrdness'of ££68 fa. 4d. — fieceived and adopted. Busme«9 Arising from Minutes. The letter from the Central Queens land Snsar League and the letters from Mr. Hitchcock and the Central Queensland Meat Export Company, relative to the ex change of. lands, were further held over. The. letter frcm Messrs. Davis and M'DougaU. asfciog for permissios to adve&iH;? on the unpainted woodwork in and around Mount Chalmers, was received, no reply bavins been received to the Clerk's inquiry as to what tbe firm w«3 prepared to pay for the prhilege. Several letters from ratepayers of No. 2 division, wbii-b wite bdd over from tie previous meelins^ irer? further faeld over pending the report of the members on the matters referred to. It was -resolved to inform Miss M. '£. Barr that ber application, for pennisaioa to dose « road had been objected to. - The application of Mr. T. P. Head for tbe erection of a licensed gate XL BeJmont was granted. The offer of Mr. R. Johnson, of £10. tot four and a-half acres of Issd which nut required for road purposes, was accepted. Miscellaneous Business. 'C Mr. Athcrton mentioned the entrance fa Hrs.'J. C Tyler's resMenct at Yeppooa. Be said that be thought that somethia* sbotdd be done to sire a rood entrance ia wet weather ud moved that the Oversea report on ,thr matter.— Mr. Coffin* gpepoded the motion and it was wrriod. *4 Mr. AthertoB spoke *f,thT bad nraditioa of the ~roa# frotu AaeLude Park anl Yeppoon, aad espt«illy; the slippery pox tion of red soil. H* moved tint Mr. M-G-* be asked to put a price on the re pairs.— Mr. Collins seconded the. motion and it was carried. On the motion of Mr. Atherton, Mr. -Barrett was instructed to arrange with -Mr Hogan to reyair a bad crossing on tie Cewarral-Ysamba-road. Mr. Atherton said that.Hr. M*Lafcbey was agreeable to have the road at . Lovandee, which was a one man road, on condition that the Council made him a crossing from his house to the main road. This would cost £5, whilst the other repairs would cost folly £15. — It was decided to procure a report from Mr. .Barrett on the matter. Mr. Thomasson. said that there were no sanitary conveniences at the railway camp on Fourteen-mile Creek, where some ?sixty- men trere employed, and moved that the Resident Engineer be asked to provide the conveniences. — The Chairman seconded the motion and it was agreed -to. Mr. Thomasson called attention to the tact that many buBduiga and tents at the railway camps were erected almost on the roads. Horses shied on aoproch ing than. He moved that the Overseer 1m instructed to see that all buildings ?vae removed a. chain from the road-— The Chairman seconded the motion and it was carried. Mr. Collins was instructed to have -some trees, which had fallen on the road in the vicinity of Yeppoon, in conse quence of bushfireE, removed. The meeting also authorised Mr. Col lins to have some work attended to near the new -cutting- on the Woodlands- Yep- $oon-road, at a cost of £3. On the suggestion of Mr. Smith, it was .agreed to ask Mr. Barrett to report on the condition of the decking of tie small bridge over Alligator Creek. Mr. Atherton asked if parties could ?erect campt on the esplanade and roads under the control of the ? Council at lYeppoon. — The Chairman said that the \- Overseer could prevent people from camp ing on land under the control of the Council.— Mr. Atherton moved that the necessary advertisements be inserted in the newspapers, and that notices be posted that the camping ground was from ;th« Qneeji's Park to .RoasVCreek.— Mr. iCelHns did not- tMnk that -the Council should prevent people from camping, on -the former site*. Ratepayers went to Yeppoon to camp. If people were objec tionable they could, of course- be Temoved by the .police. — The motion lapsed for want of a seconder. It was decided to call fot tenders from persons willing to undertake the sanitary -/work at Lake's Creek and Yrppoon for twelve months from the 1st of January _ last. As the next meeting fell on New Year's ?Day it was resolved to inset on the Bth of January. It was agreed that the whole of. the yraogs should be disbanded for tbe Christmas and Vew Tear holidays on ' the 28th instant, or dates suitable 'to the overseers, and reassembled on the Sth of aannary, the Finance Committee being : authorised to pay the men. The Chairman moved that he be em powered to sign the transfer of land ironi- Mr. F. Richardson to the Council, and that the corporate seal be attached thereto. — Mr. Thomasson seconded the motion and it was carried. It was decided to replace the steps leading to the beach at Yeppoon before CJiristmas. ' The Chairman wished the members a merry Christmas and a happy New Year. — The greetings were heartily recipro cated. . The meeting then terminated. ' A special meeting of the Council was ti have been held ihe earae moraine to discuss the matter of the reserves in tbe ?shire under the control of the Council, tut it lapsed for want of a quorum. The only members present were the Chairman and Messrs. Hf»-l— n; Smith, andThomas -flOB. The Chairman postponed the con sideration of the question until the January meeting of the Council. 