Swept by Fire. BIG RIVERINA AREA. AN ARMY OF FIRE FIGHTERS. EXTENSIVE LOSSES FEARED. Wentworth, Tuesday. A disastrous bush fire is raging through the country beyond the Mallee Cliffs Sta- tion, the recently acquired property of Messrs. Chaffey, Salmon and Dunne, and also beyond Moorara, Tolarno and Cuthero stations, and adioining lands known as " No Man's Land." It was at first rumored that all the back country from the bore near Euston to Arumpo, the back station of Tarcoola, including Prungle, Frank's Plains, Taplo, Turlee, and several homesteads were burnt out, including those of Messrs. Watta, Borr- man, Weaver, Hippisley, Williams and Barnfield, but telephone communication states otherwise. The fire is supposed to have started on the Mallee Cliffs Station, about 15 miles straight out back from Mr.. David Wicket's lease on the River Murray. It is spreading rapidly on the right as far as the bore near Euston, taking in "No Man's Land," and extending towards Arumpo, at the back of Tarcoola Sta- tion, on the River Darling ; and on the left to within five miles of the Wamberra boundary, the property of Mr. S. Byrne. All hands from the back station are hurrying to the scene, provided with all the latest fire fighters. With this aid, to- gether with the assistance from the Dar- ling settlers and residents from Went- worth and Mildura, and on the River Murray, the fire should be beaten. It extends thirty miles long and twenty miles wide, and is estimated to be 100 miles in circumference. Crowds of volun- teers are ready to exchange places with those at the scene of action. The water and provision difficulty prevents the forces already there being more than double. It is the biggest fire seen for 50 years, and if prompt action had not been taken it is thought the whole of the lower Dar- ling district on the eastern side would have been burnt out. The fact that Tapio and Turlee are in the immediate vicinity of the fire would lend color to the rumor that the Tapio Station, the property of Mr. E. A. Barn- field, was on fire, but fortunately the sta- tions are many miles distant, with Wam- berra in between them. If Tapio had got alight, then all the adjoining leases, as mentioned, would most assuredly have gone to [sic]. The rumor that a fire had broken out between Avoca and Moorna Station boundaries proved untrue. 