A TRIP TO ISISFORD. KOTES BY THE WAY. Our 'Longreach correspondent sends UH thc following interesting notes of a recent trip from Longreach to Isisford and hack hy motor car : A few days back the opportunity offered of a trip to Isisford, and as it was something over sixteen years since 1 had «cen that township, I embraced thc chance eagerly, moro especially as tho Journey waa-to be made by motor. The night be- fore we stilted rain fell ; but the iuds were not very heavy, and we took thc risk. We left Longreach at a quarter-past nine o'oäoek ia tlie morning in the Long Motor Company's 30-35 horac-iwwer Cadillac car, driven by Mr. Itidlcy, thc works manager-, jJle^ a,,.T. l^ Petw-^ijanil D. OSJUIOVWH} -myaelf-WBro.'ihe pMrty^sJi boord. - The nun }t«d laid ¡U»MüSt,-hnd«U ivas fairly pleasant travciling, tho only drawback being: the numerous catch on the, road between hera toad Erncstina. Af ter levying '{festina .gie number of gates, decreased.' and the road started to get slightly heavier. There had evident!.'; been more rain there. than clone to -.Longreach. We made good tilde : tb -Arrilalah, where the road waa somewhat dead, und 1 may say llia-t it was very dead tho whole of thc way to Westland. From l^ngrcacli to Arrilalah the stock route is not too good ; but there is feed off thc road. Thc grúa» looked very dry. Arrilalah presented it* usual quiet appearance. A few miles paôt Arrilalah we turned and went along thc Isisford-road, following it to thc Tivcltc milc, where, carly in Hie year, un overshot was put, hi tlie ercck, and which conserved a great quantity of water. Something over 30,000 cattle, not lo mention sheep, travelled thc Iaisfoi-d-hinc this year, and ill watered at the Twelve-mile. There iv still a good sheet of water there. Ow ing to the heavy rains in thc early part of the year, tho overshot was not quite com- pleted, und thc Council's plant had arrived there to complete it. It was intended Ui inspect Die place on our return trip, it was also intended to make thc return trip via Langdale, Fernhirst, and Rosedale, But this was all altered. I The last lime I was in tho Isisford; lane I was at thc rear of a. flock of sheep which was going out back-out Boulia way in fact. At that lime there were no selections lhere ; the country was held by AVestland, Wellshot, Portland, and Rutii vóm Ohe paddock of lluthveii butted in on the stock route, much lo Ac annoy- ance of thc drovers, who had to «end a long way to give notice. Now there arc ii number of «élections on the route ; fences have been erected, including netting fences, and all is eliaiigcd. 1 tried, but in vuin, to locale places on thc road, six- teen years umkes a wonderful diirercncc. Thc face, of the country seem to mc to be ciitirtJv altered. A» we tunicd off at the Twelve-mile 1 did not see the Murdering Gate. Several gates on the road in question are referred to hy that nanto ; hut thc title rightly belongs to one between the Twelve-mile and the Government bore. Some distance front tho gate, and nj> u gully, an unfor- tunate mail wa» found with his head chopped in, the body being covered with branches. 'Who he was or -where he came from was never ascertained, nnd' his murderer was never discovered. I believe that a few years ago information was given to Uie Longreach police ; but it was very vague, lt is something more Hun a coincidence tbnt not long after another man was found near Stamford or White- wood-I am not sure which-also with his head chopped in as if a tomahawk lind been used. His murderer wlis never dis- covered. When on the trip with the sheep in question we camped nour the Murdering Gate, which hore rather an un- canny reputation as it was not long before that tho murder lind occurred. Some of the men won- rallier- superstitious and were fully prepared ta see tho "ghost." lt did not tnatcriali.se, however. If there luid been any practical jokers in the camp it would hove Ijccri a fine opportunity to have lind MIIIIC fun. A quick run from the Twelve-mih took us into Westland Station although the road was heavy in place». Thc waler lind just started to run from the rain of the night before. We only lind mic delay on the rond, a stop being made tn have a shot, at ii turkey. The turkey is ytlil alive. We reached Westland nt noon, so Unit we nindi' good time under the circum sljiiii-i-s. The cyclometer registered fifty four mile"» from Longreach to Westlnnd. 1 understand thc carriers get paid for fifty-six miles. EjWe were hospitably enter- tained at Wcst&inil; and stayed there much longer than was intended, We were wait ' i inp; for Mr. F. W. Bank's, of Kendal, who rode across fromJiis place, aJul wlio con- fessed that lie took things somewhat eafily coming over. ^Umievcr, another start was made, .mil there was no doubt it wus sultry. Thc load in tile ear had increased by thc addi- tion of Messrs. C. ll. P. Bell and Banka, and. nt a modest estimate, Hie load was over lwlf-a-ton. The Cadillac was pul to a very severe test indeed. Our rom! lay through the paddocks towards Buffalo «bini. Wo travelled on a track over which niie^of the flreplonghs invented by Hr. Bell had been used. The going was good. Sortie distance from the track we were on lhere was another flreplongh track, run- ning parallel, and the two formed a innst effective break to any fire. Deviating from those tracks were others to different parts of thc paddock. Il was the same in all the Westland paddc-eks wc went through. If it were possible to get a view of Westland from nu aeroplane, the paddock» would present thc appearance of n gignntic chuqucrlionrd, thc tracks running across the paddocks for miles. There arc something like 400 miles of llieso tracks on the station, so that it is well guarded airainst an outbreak of fire. They also lead into and out of dams, and when the grass is iiny way thick, ns bas been thc case of Intii years, thc tracks have been found lo he very serviceable for thc sheep, giving them nu easy road to thc waler and saving them from having to force their way through the long grass. There was abundant evidence that thc .-heep used the tracks ; they assisted Sn keeping thc grass down arni also atc il off where there arc parallel tracks. Once thc track Is made, it stands for a con- siderable time, although il good deni'de- pends on thc season. Wo were on ono track which had not boen cleuncd np »¡nco March last, and it was as free nf glass as the middle of Haglc-strcct. And the tracks make splendid roads. Wc made good time over them, only slowing down lin one paddock. Thc track there had not been cleaned up for over two years, and the heavy ruin in the carly part of thc year had cut it up somewhat. In addi- tion, there was a good deal of stony ground. Still, we averaged , ten miles an hour across it. Wc were hopeful that wc would see the fireplough ut work ; we were all keen on it. Wc,ran close to where thc plough had been working ; but it was not in sight. Ten miles per day is the usual thing for a plough ; but un- der favourable circumstances twelve miles cnn bc ploughed. There is no doubt that these ploughs arc a great thing, and thal if one is used on a property it is a good investment. 1 liad radier a vivid recollection of Hie road to Buffalo. Several years ugo Iliad thc pleasure of Walking a considerable distance on it. Coming in from the tank with the late Mr. A. J. Rogers, goniethim; went wrong with, one of the swingle bars of the buggy. We got out, took thc horses out, adjusted matters, and then put the horses in again. Then " the band played." The pair were old racehorses, and their blood had been thoroughly roused by a stiff gallop across the plain. They plunged and reared, and there was no chance of getting into the trap. Finally they cleared out. They did carve it out along tho track towards Westland. One horse turned a complete somersault and get clear. The other kept going ; but the'' buggy made him circle. Across that plain we sprinted to catch him, and, after a long run, got him in some timber. And then vye had to" walk back to thc dara, some four or five miles. To rae it seemed hearer fourteen miles. On this occasion thc fates were kind. A Some years ago one of thc boun- dary riders at Buffalo made a grue aotne*discovery..-...'.HeLMW a--big~Jieap ftf nsliéa in a smell clump bf timber over which a bushfire bad passed. This was towards thc Isisford-roud, and not a great distance from tho Murdering Gate. Hav- ing been for some_ years on the place, and not having seen these ashes before,' he made an investigation. Ile found pieces of bone, enough being picked up to fill n pickle bottle. These were sent to Bris- bane and u$re pronounced to bc human bones. Of course it was impossible to determine whether they wero those of a man, woman, or child. There is no doubt that a grim tragedy had been enacted at j the. spot, which was n very lonely one. Whoever perished there was ' never missed ; no one's disappearance was ever noted. Mut that is easily explained. Many a man lias been foully done to death oil these lonely bush tracks, and no one hm lioon anv thc wiser. Only that a fire hap- pened to sweep across this particular spot, the evidence of this tragedy would not have come to light. We left Westland at tlie netting gate on 'lie Isisford-road, where wc went through n corner of Hazlewood. There was any amount of grass on Westland, although a shade dry. In places a green tinge wns visible, and p few inches of rain would make al) tho difference. Thc stock were all in good condition. Thc Commis- sioner for Kailways (Mr. C. Evans), if bc goes over thc route of the proposed Longrcach-Jundah railway extension, will travel over some of thc country wc went over,' and he cannot fail to bo ¡inpressed with it. Once we.got on the road we made good progress, tho gates being few and fur between. Hight through thc road, on the whole, was good-that is, from thc netting gain on thc Isisford fide of tho Government hore to Isisford. There ivre ono or two crossings which ure not too good, and where a few pounds could 1R> »veil s|H'iit. ] understand flint there is not « great <lcnl of traffic on this road apart from drovers going along. Con- sidering that it is one of thc biggest stock routes in Queensland, the stream, ns it were, that the biggest per- centage of Gulf cattle drift along to the south, the Isisford Hhire Council might spend something on thc road, more particularly in thal most important nuttier of water conservation, (.'rom Arrilalah to the bore is two easy stages for water, there being water at the Twelve-mile, thanks to the' Longreach Shire Council. Prom the bore into Isis- ford there baa not liecn any water for sonic time, and this means a dry stage of over thirty mllea. Considering tbaicvery drover must «pend a good deal in stores in the town, it is certainly to the inter- est of the Isisford Council to do some- thing in i-cturn .for the drovers. Another thing Hint might be.done, and it will not be a big expense either, is lo ereotfingcr posts at thc turnoff rands. There'' arc several nf ibes»,.and in one or brno canes wc found thc turnoff trncli actUaHjrlieUer defined' than the main rood, We.wùslcd to our luck . ami followed the wittie tracks. A fow days before a tttob of fattie from .Coorabulka had gntie over this road, and they left a fairly easy trail. We passed Wakefield selection, the property oí Mr. Xi. Coxon. The house wini not visible from the road. Twelve miles out from Isisford we. went through Greenwoods, owned.bv Mr. W. Rayment, but sold by bim to Mr. F. langston. The country ovar that way is very good and there is a good deal of timber. Thc Isis ford-road is a good track for slock in so far os shade. is concerned. Wc saw several lots of turkeys ¿nd adjourned on each occasion. Our gunners, ftowever, could not get the right elevation, or there was foo much wind; for thc turkeys just walked away in thc long grass. Some time before five o'clock in the evening the white roofs of Isisford gleamed in thc distance, and wc were not sorry. On our way in we passed the' racecourse, which seems to be rather a well-appointed ojie: There is a very nice stand, which has not been long' erected, and the Raddling paddock is enclosed. Thc cpurse is a dead .level and there is any amount of timber away ?? from Ü Miere idenic parties cap'find shade. FromWest land to- Isisford is fifty-four miles-that is, according to "inr cyclometer-and we did-it in 'twenty*' rnfmtt^s under ; three boms. During our brief stay in Isisford we made the Club Hotel oiir headquar- ters. This is kept by Mr. H. E. Edwards ; but be bas disposed of bis interests to Mr. C. Healy, formerly of Muttaburra. Mr. Edwurds was ? formerly sergeant of police at Isisford ; but be resigned from the force to take the Club Hotel. He has been a good citizen and will be greatly missed from Isisford. In sixteen years there have been changes in Isisford, but not so many as one would have expected. Some, rather decent buildings haw been erected, and there is nothing wrong willi the Club Hotel, or. for thM. matter, with the other hotel cither. There is now a very nice hospital, and the post ellice is a good deal better than wlien 1 knew it of old. The water supply is derived from ii well which has liecn sunk on the Barcoo River. It has an unlimited supply of beautiful fresh waler. 'The wntc is pumped from the well ¡nix) n 10,000-gallon tank near the Club Hotel, and from there the ubiquitous goat teams cart it all over the town. This is a big improvement to the diiys when the water hud to be car- ried from the river. Mr. Edwards put down ii sub-artesian bore al the back |Of the Club Hotel. A good supply wu«? struck : but the water is very hard. It is used in a garden there. On the other side nf the street, in another allotment, Mr. Edwards sank another bore. Tills is down 114 ft., and tbife is a gnni supply of water in it. Thc witter in this well is of good quality. Isisford, or Wlttowu as it was formerly culled, used to be a very lively IxrTvn ; hut il is now a trifle more, staid limn in thc Bond old dnys. The district is an ex- cellent one, and the tmT must always be a place, of some importance. The wonder is that lhere is no telephone exchange there. I understand that the owners of thc private linen from thc surrounding stations do not take kindly to f lic idea of an exchange. Why there should be any opposition it is hard to say. Liot them once gel connected willi the exchange, und they will wonder why they kept off il so long. Steps are lieiug taken to establish .m exchange, and I am sure it will be found extremely useful. ?tTliCTP. aro progressive mon in Isisford. Mr. Ellis Sullon was tho first to seo thc> possibilities of motor earringe, and he pul a motor v.111 on Hie rond between Isisford and Ilfracombe. Tins was thc first motor mail in thc Commonwealth. Mr. \V. Gillespie, who has been driving on the road for ninny years, soon pot ns skilful with the motor hnndle ns willi tiie old ribbons. Mr. Pulton baa inst brought over from Charleville a four-ton motor waggon, which is cap- able of developing thirty-Fix miles nn hour. This is running between Isisford 'andi rifra comlie. Mr. Sutton ran several trips from Gilmore to Charleville with wool. Mr. H. Bignell nlso li«« a v«ry fine motor waggon, capable of carrying from two to three fons. With these motor waggons, Isisford is not so isolated ns it used tn be. Goods ran bc nut on thc train leaving Rockhampton on Monday night : they arrive nt Ilfracombe on Tuesday night, nie loaded on to 1 he motnr Vin Wednesday, and'nrc at Isis 'ford tim same evening. Then ngnin tim owners of Isis Downs (Messrs. Chu ko mid Whiting) were tho. first fn put into practice tho 'carrying of their wool by motor power. They imported n Daimler rond (ruin, winch has carried n good de.il of wool this sensnn. This train Hinken Un- round (rip from isis Downs to Ilfracombe and back in three days. ll. in said (hat HIP omrlne is not powerful enoucli mid Hint a, 10" horse-power motor is being pro- cured. This should shift, something. We did not intend to leave Isisford until Hie followinc morning : but (lie liemili- of the nitrlit-il. was bricht moonlight - te mpted us to start soon niter nine o'clock. ¡For thc first few miles the road was plain enough : bul nfler lhn.1 nil the driver li.nl Ito follow wns thc track wo mode on our Inp. in. Tlie countless thousands of cattle haili eatjeri tlie erasa right ?along tlie road, nnd in ilia moonlight road and plain were one. lt was an eerie sensation rushing ulong in tho moonlight wt thirty miles an hour. A motor driver, does not want to be nervous, diiving at night time especi- ally. Tho moon east fitful shadows, more especially in the plaocs where thick clumps of Umber abutted right on tho road. Timo and again birds flew out of the trees, uttering cries of affright. Doubtless they wondered what strnnce monster it was toojing through the air. In West- land we took a different track to tho. one wo had icome, getting on io a track w!iich was cleared in March last. This was four miles longer than the one we bid followed earlier in tlie day. Mr. Ridley hit the Cadillac nlong, lind we reached Westland homestead just at mid- night. Fifty-eight miles in two hours and forty minutes is solid going nt night. We stayed there for lialf-an-liour and left Messrs. Bell and Banks. At half-past twodve o'clock we started on the fifty four miles to Longreach, ll was passing strange that the journey up took thc same lime as thc journey down-two and three-quarter hours. Wc carried no gates away although we Were travelling so fast approaching- one gale flint Sir. Ridley had to circle. Jt would lie u great boon if all gates were painted white. Wc arrived in . Longreach at a quarter-past three o'clock, hnving done 220 miles from tb* time wo left. The car went the round trip without a bitch of any kind, and we. had no delays from punctures, or blow- outs, or any of tho troubles which do assail the motorist nt some lime or other. I omitted lo say that in the Isisford lano there is a fair amount of feed in places : but in some spots there is not a great deal. As the stream of Gulf cattle lui« slackened off, it is not likely there will bc any more molls along there this year, lt would be a splendid road for stock at pretty well all .times if the Isisford Council would provide water be- tween tho Government bore and Isisford township. I noticed that some of thc drovers going along, there have camped their cattle right on the netting fences. Surely they ore not aware of the risk they are taking. Or are they chancing it, simply because they know that the road in question is so unfrequented that their chances of de- tection are practically nil ? Any way, they «rp taking n big risk, and sooner ir hiter one of them will bc caught and will have lo pay a pretty big fine. 