AUSTRALIAN SCENES. ABOUT TREES. (Special contribution.) Australians have been strangely unmindful of the value of trees. You may ride for scores of miles across plains where industry has been carried on for over half a cen. tury and only meet with a few scanty plantations of long, straight, and only half- leaved trees, through which the wind whistles with un broken force. And even round sonime of the homesteads very little has been done to beautify the surround ings aa.d to break the violence of the fierce gales. . On the country naturally timbered, millions o1f acres have Leenr nierci lessly ring-barked, with hardly a tree left alive, Hills where' it was once impossible to penetrate the thick undergrowth over which the foliage of-htbvy timber hid the sun, have become bare places, giving life to no larger plant than" the natural grass. lush fires and time are fast of?rninatiing the Inal traces of these forests,, which once covered so much of the country. The axe of the pioneer was ruthless and indiscrim intioeg. To leave shelter trees was the exception rather than the rule, and beautiful belts of red gunrs have been thoroughly destroyed. It is only now that we are able to realize fully the true effect of this wholesale ring-barking. F"or imany years after the arixemen finished their work the forests stood white, grnutt;, and dead, making scenes weirdly picturesque to ride through. by moonlight, when the glistening trunks took all sorts of fan!»riti: shapes as they gleained in the tright, oili\rr beams. The ground wae littered with decaying ddbris, and it was hard to find a track through the ruouldering logs. The mournlful night wail of the curlew, or the eager yelping of the rabbit hunt at daytinme, would echo again and again as through some vast and empty building. IJernauds for firewood, the forers if decay, and the sweeping of bush fires have for the most part, finished. the dead Victorian forests; and very much of the country which once was heavily timbered might, so far as anyone is able to judge from present appearances, never have grown ua tree. The partial destruction of the timber was. a necessary: preliminary to pastoral and agricultural occupa tion. Until the trees were removed the land could not be cultivated, nor would it grow grass.. But mostly t.o pioneers forgot that trees have a value over and ahbo'e what thei can be sold for to the a:uwituills, ard that what it took a ofw nionrthL to destroy it would require doubl, ar: many fear's to replace. Un forturinately the prco ire still going on, anrid irce? are being kil.kd i.,iel quicker thani they are b:eing plnsm d. Lustead of every pnastoral aitd ageri .:nlturul hiolding tE:ilng well provid. 5e wtKh rhlcltering and l;'.,utifi.rrng ball of tinlmber, very u'many are w\ind-:wept and desolate places, where nrothrinr g haus ,eiU donllr eoitherl- I lpresrvo ' rneltural trees or. to plant others. 'i'rcper necessarily have an in- s ilhence on the lives of the people living near them. iThe writer has ?sen the hornestead of a 20,000-acreo holding without a- tree within two miles of it. Tihe occupiers looked out of their windows on wire fences c and limitless expanses of wind- swept . grass. There was nowhere to walk t to for recreation. There was nothing to see anywhere. There was no s shade out of doors for children to b play beneath in hot weather, and there was not shelter enough to Iccp a flower garden. Life there was just as dreary and desolate as physical surroufidings could make it. Then there are places on the plains where never a tree grew naturally, but where the homestead nestles in a forest covering 30 or 40 1 acres. Such a plantation brings a wealth of bird life where there was naturally no life of any sort. It makes orchard and flower garden possible, and 'it tmrns into a home what without it would be but a lonely house on a desolate plain. In Western Victoria pastoral dccu pation has, in some instances, led naturally to the timber dying out without any direct effort being mrde to kill it. This has resulted on the firinge of the plaini, where honey suckles. and shrooak? once grew. 1 These trees, which are certainly of little value or beauty;. have been dying out over siide sheep were put on the country, andn in manyu plee-aio they have quite disappeared. An 1 interesting and successful experi mente was years· ago carried out on Naringal estate, Pitficld, with a view of subsltituting a better tree for the vanishieg species. Whenever one of the latter fell, a Pinus inuuginis was.planted in the head, the Iboughs thus keeping thie sheep off until the pine had thrust its head above their reach,. What would thus have bhe come an unbrokcn plain was turned into park-lika pasture lands, where sheep were sheltered and the lamb inhg percentages greatly increased. Another instance of .the value of the trees being recognized in station management occurred at Tuppale station, in New South Wales, when Messrs.' Fallkiner and Sons pus chase&. the estate:.' Theo property .vhich is one of the richest in ti.r ,na, muchi of it having since passed to agricultural uses, wla partly itLared by its purchasers. IHowever, the hest- sliped trees were left etanding, and the" boughs of them were lopped off to as high up as a marn could reach with an axe while' standiui on the ground. Thonrgh the estate was nearly 200,000 acres in nean most of it was turnled into what, from a beauty point of view, would compare favourably with any city park. The owners consideredi the carrying cancity and gpncr.i productivity of the place was greater than if all the timber had been cleared. A most important difference will be made to life in the fastdevelop itg wheat plains if-individuals and thlie shire councils realize what should be done in .tree- plaiting. The country there is intersected with great wide roads, which are at present partly so much waste space. There is an excellent opportunity for planting on ench side of these; and the State Forests .Department is anxious to distribute seedlings to shires and other public institutions. The question is one which the coun oils might well take in hand. 