OLD CROMBIE. ' (By L.B.J.) I had heard of Abercrombie, or "old | 'Crombie" ag he was familiarly spoken of ¡ throughout the district, long before ever I : set eyes upon him. , The neighbourhood took j a conspicuous pride in this eccentric au-1 cient, the pride not unmixed with .. awe, which, in the "medieval days of anchorites and such-like obtrusively retiring individ- j Uftis, lent a certain eclat to>the; .localities j patronised by their penitential presence.. Í Old 'Crombie bad a cold, unwelcoming j «ye for strangers; there was only one sure method of gaining his good graces, and this X hope to demonstrate ânon. Womankind j he would have uone of-no, not at any S price. According to accepted rumour, the j single, solitary occasion upon which femin inity ia the comely shape of Mrs. Dill-a noted shot with the rifle-approached with- ; in coo-ee of his lonely bush dwelling, was when the aforesaid Mrs. Dill, iu tracking down a kangaroo she had fired at and wounded, actually profaned bid 'Crombie's vegetable patch with a large, definite foot " ut. At the sight of the daring intruder 4uj:on big domain, the venerable recluse wav- ! i red for au 'instant between a righteous wrath - and au overwhelming bashfulness. Popular report has it, that" at the end of his momentary hesitation, he uttered one wild, despairing yell and fled incontinently -ior cover; Bill Richards can even point out the very identical-hollbw tree in which the' hormit sought refuge from the petticoated Amazon, but then Bill Richards is a roman- cer of no mean order. A less generally cir- culated story reverses all this: it depones that old 'Crombie's righteous wrath getting the upperhand of bia overwhelming bashful- ness, ho most ungallantly pelted Mrs Dill out of his liberties with big gum- nuts ;but knowing Mrs. Dill and her resolute indepen- dence of character as I do, I am 'inclined to stit this latter statement-as well as its fel- low-down as a mere fabrication, having^no foundation of verisimilitude. In any case, so far os I am aware, nobody hos ever offer- ed to interrogate the lady herself upon the matter. One calm morning in carly June, I was abroad in an extensive forest of jarrah and red-gum, some /ive miles distant from the homestead, when I came unexpectedly upon old 'Crombie'B humpy. It stood in the shel- ter of an immense, .wide-spreading tree, at the edge of a green hollow ; below, _ a small spring welled up into a mossy basin, half hidden by fern and close-set reeds. This was the first occasion upon which I had visited the old man's camp, although I had "been-in the vicinity a score of times. The hermitage consisted of a rude bark but erect- ed on a framework of pliant saplings, to whose lopped ' branches a few faded leaves still adhered. Hard by, a couple of forked stakes had been driven'into the ground; the 'forks supported a cross- piece, which in its tum sustained the weight of a smoke-black cned billy three partB full of water. A handful of grey ashes smouldered in a semi- circle of rough unhèwû stones. The veget- able patch, once profaned by Mrs, Dill's dar- ing foot, appeared to have gone tp rack and rum.; two or three pumpkins in the last stages of decay infected the air, while the single wire of a decrepit fence. sagged mis- erably. Here, too, was a delapidated spring cart, and, grazing ¡ri the grassy hollow, an emaciated horse, painfully conscious of his hobbled shanks. Old 'Crombie's dog Bill was at home . a bleary-eyed, mongrel cur, a far more con- firmed., misanthrope than his master. To quote Charles Reade'B learned physician of Dusseldorf, Bill was "one> of those little 'furious curs that run devious, biting each manly leg, and laying its wearer low." As I,approached the hut, I guessed by the vio- lent paroxysm of barjring with which I was greeted,_ that the faithful hound was en -deavouriiig to work himself into the state of perfect frenzy he considered a mark'of attention due to an intrusive stranger. Pre- sently Bill's vociferous demonstrations ceas- ed, with startling suddenness, and he ad- vanced to meet in a stealthy, sidelong fash- ion, suggestive of a skilful flanking move- ment ; all the while the brute was emitting strange, rumbling substernal sounds, emin- ently disconcerting to myself. Now I can conceivë nothing more calcu- lated . to disturb the equilibrium- of a ner- vous . subject than the baleful knowledge i that a dog of uncertain temper, with a known predilection for human flesh, is steal- ing craftily upon him from the rear, with, given n favourable opportunity, the manifest intention of snatching a mouthful from one 1 or other of his tingling calves-I scorn to j deny it, I tingled from head to foot. For j as long as was practicable I kept the tail of a watchful eye upon Bill, as, writhing_ with i a hideous sinuosity, be squirmed himself J towards me in a Ber i es of lateral curves ; , then, assuming a nonchalance Ï was farj . from feeling, I called loudly upon the pro-^ fer name of old 'Crombie. Every moment expected to feel a set-of keen, carnivor- ous fangs buried jp the muscles of my calf ; roy leg tendons contracted at the, very thought, and I walked with a perceptible' limp. Fortunately the human relic was in re- sidence. I think that at the moment of my arrival he must have been indulging in a short nap. He emerged from his humpy in » "slow and peculiarly crab-like fashion ? in fact on all fours. The first intimation I received of. his presence was the singular apparition of the broadest part of a pair of- wriggling moleskin pants, ingeniously :patched-with a segment of sugar-bag, cryp- tographically inscribed with a capital T in .a triangle. "Come 'ere, Bill, yer ole fool!" exclaim- ed a muffled voice, which bad the curious ventriloquia! effect of seeming- to proceed from a foot or so underground. 'Next mo- ment old 'Crombie straightened himself up and stood revealed unto me in his entirety. . He wore, in addition to his moleskins, a \- «ort of Robinson Crusoe coat, that looked as if it had been clumsily' cut out of a kan- garoo skin with a blunt pair of scissors, and the parts stitched together with string ; the vestiges bf a blue checked flannel shirt : ajgdL a.-Jhat whjch I should have respected upqnto scarecrow-a tuft, of grey hair found its \ay*through a rent in the crown, and droopM. Äumc-Iike over the battered brim. BootsKe^disdained; his feet were éSü^s%|Q-t ed 'GT"'nionstrous, gouty-looking wrapping* of hessian, which in^e course Of our sub- sequent conversation.h*more than once re- ferred to as his "ïîrince Alfreds'." His little bloodshot eyes regarded me maliciMsly'Vfrom out of a parasitical gröwtÄ-of l&urwujjt.; whis- kers. , '» Now, I have previously stated thà\ there is only one sure method of gaining old 'Crombie's confidence, and that is by feign \- ing a complete ignorance of topography-in short, to confess oneself hopelessly lost. Come to him with an intimate and boastful N-knowledge of the countryside and be will treat you with contumely, not improbably turn you over to the tender mercies of Bill the belligerent, but flatter his harmless "and senile vanity by inquiring of his superior sagacity the precise lay of the land, and he is your firm friend for life. Therefore, al though I was tolerably conversant with the , locality, I played the part of distressed traveller to the best of my ability. "Good-day ; sorry to disturb you," I said, Vbut I'm afraid I've got a bit out of my. reckoning. I want to felch up at h-," naming our little township. All the hostility died out of old 'Crombie's j hairy physiognomy ; bis small, piggy. eyes twinkled with enjoyment. "An* which way d'yer reck'n is JJ-, mate?" he asked with evident appreciation. "I hesitated, then indicated that-point of the compass which I knew full well was . diametrically opposite to. my alleged des- tination. Old "Crombie chuckled, he chuckl- ed for. so long a time that the exercise brought on* a severe fit of coughing, which was only to lie relieved by copious expectora- ! tíon. Finally he ? had to sit down upon au j adjacent log.' "Yer bushed orright, mate," he said at ! length, as he wiped the tears from hi3 J rheumy eyes with the sleeve of his Robin- son Crusoe coat. "Why that 'ere's exackly the wrong d'rectioa. If yer'd gorn that way | yer wouldn't 'a struck L- to-night-no, nor termorrei' neither. You aughter 'a steer- ed doo west with the leasteat touch o' south in it. There's a cart track takes yer right inter the township ; I'll show it yer presently. Come 'ere, yer loafiu, sinner!" This last remark, which I admit startled ¡'me'for the moment, guilty conscience I sup- pose, applied to Bil!, who was evincing a lively interest in my ankles. I "Stop an' 'ave a yarn," continued old 'Crombie abruptly. "I'll put a log on the . fire An' brew yer a billy o' tea in two ticks. 'T'ain't ev'ry day I gits comp'ny. Dessay yer could do a bit o' tucker inter the bar- gain," he added hospitably. "It must be pretty near dinner-time." uecidedly pleased with the results of dip- lomacy, which, I take it, signifies an ability to lie generously without being detected in prevarication, I accepted the invitation with thanks. I watched in breathless suspense old 'Crombie's downward dive through the narrow opening of his humpy ; he re- emerged, stern first, as was apparently his wont. I think thc tea was the best bush tea I have ever tasted/ The tin of corned beef the old mau shared with me proved extreme- ly acceptable to an appetite sharpened by a five mile tramp in the crisp Juill air. Old 'Crombie couldn't get over the amaz- ing fact of my "being bushed ; he kept harp- ing on it during the. course of our meal, and whenever the subject came on the tapis he choked and gurgled alarmingly and had to be thumped ou the back. He was a curious and entertaining per- sonality. I gathered from his^conversation that he had lived alone in his bush hut for more than twenty years. He shot a kan- garoo now and again, he informed me, also i snared a few opossums for the price of their", pelts. When be had money he lived right royally on tinned stuffs; when his finances were low, kangaroo, opossum, even iguanas and other noisome reptiles" served his pur pose indifferent well. He was a connoisseur in tea, and had never yet been without baccy, "thank Gawd!" All this he told me between-short puffs at an evil-smelling briar pipe. Mrs. Dill's receut visit still rankled in his mind. He spoke of her more than once, and each time with an added venom. "A ram pa gin' raff of a woman," declared old 'Crombie warmly in his Bumming up. He was a cheerful pagau, with pantheistic lean- ings. He confessed-that he bad once spent the greater part of a long summer's morning in dodging Mr. Peters, our worthy Wesleyan minister, who had ridden forth from L~ with the avowed intention of persuading old 'Crombie into the paths of pleasantness and peace-as laid out by Mr. Peters. "But I diddled 'im orright," concluded the old man with a reminiscent grin. "I were away youder." He swept his hairy band in a wide circle. "Bill, 'ere, nipped 'old of 'is 'oise be the 'ock an' copped a kick wot pretty near sent 'im to kingdom come, but we pul- led through orright, didn't we,"ole chap? We've no use fer parson?, me an' Bill !asn't." He patted the dog's shaggy head, and the -mongrel, abandoning for the moment a di- ligent quest for an aggressive flea, regard- ed bis master with a look of languishing af- fection. Old 'Crombie was not without a rude sort of culture of his own, but first and foremost he was of the bush bushy. For him towns and cities only existed as mere names; given his lonely hand to mouth existence iu the forest solitudes and be wàs quite con- tant; he asked nothing better than to live and die in the wilderness. "None o' yer horsepittles an' sick nusses in clean white caps an' aprons fer nie," vouchsafed old 'Crombie positively. "Wen I gits Tme marchin' orders I'll die easier alone in the sunshine, with the blessed ole gums orl round me, an' the magpies a-sing uV in 'em, an' p'raps my ole mate Bill, 'ere, tryin' 'is level best to tell me 'e's sorry tho ole mail's goin'-you'd be sorry if I was to chuck a seven, wouldn't yer, ole sonP:' Bill wagged his stump of a tail, whined demonstratively, aud smote his master with a reproachful paw. I verily believe that that dog, despite his unpromising appear- ance, had more intelligence than the ma- jority of human beings. As old Falstaff died babbling of green fields, so doubtless old 'Crombie will pass away full of vain lamentations for the wild waste places, the long leagues of sun-dap- pled forest, jhe sullen, mist-haunted hills, the silent gorges and thundering torrents of the land he has loved so well anti is so loth to leave at the call we must all obey. Modern day happenings gave the old man no concern whatever. As far as his literary interests went, he lived in the remote and hoary past. Be was great on Greek and Ro- man .history, and although the name of the piaces and people of ancient Athens and Rome was so many stumbling blocks to his tripping tongue, yet he spoke of them with the easy-familiarity of a close acquaintance- ship. His pet aversions were the Emperors Vespasian and Nero, and he mentioned these worthies to me in no measured terms, expressing au ardient desire to meet either or both o' them blokes right here, where nobody could interfere, and he'd talk to the cows pretty straight, my word ! Lively goings on iu .them times, didn't I think so, eh? He showed ma his library with manifest ? pride, making another crab-like iucursion into his humpy, and reappearing, sugar-bag-patch first, with an armful of tattered classics. Among them, I remember, was a Livy's "History, of Home," a student's "Manual of Grecian History," two odd volumes of Gib- bon's "Decline," Carlyle's "French Revol- ution," the same author's "Sartor Resartus," and a dog's-eared copy of Sterne's "Senti- mental Journey." Three . or four grimy paper-covered volumes containing detective stories, in. which tile principal characters displayed the usual marvellous acumen, com-' pletcd this quaint assortment of literature. "I keeps them dicktective yarns for light readin'," explained old 'Crombie, as he gath- ered together his treasures. "Reck'n if I'd bin out wen you come along this moroni' I could'a tracked yer up like a Teg'lar slut 'ound." I imagine he meant sleuth-hound. A heterogeneous collection of ill-digested facts wcye jumbled together in the old man's brain. He lived in a world of his ? own,' peopled by" the strange contradictory crea- tures of his fancy, each and all imbued with' the varying characteristics of the dead and gone men and women he bad met in the well-thumbed pages of his beloved books. It was with real regret that I said good-bye to old 'Crombie.'; Somehow, of other I had' a kind of presentiment'that I should never, see him again. I peeped into his humpy before we parted. Most of the interior space was occupied "by a trough-shaped bed of sack- ing slung on four upright supports; there was a dingy rug or two; a rusty rifle; some thin wire coils; a wooden shelf; a tin panni- kin and a plate; a knife and fork; a few. malodorous skins, and these, included the. Whole of bis worldly possessions, I suppose/ A three-colour plate, tom from some peri- odical, representing an- arena-and .a realistic gladiatorial combat, was wafered to the wall above the bed. I shook hands warmly with old 'Crombie. T even patted « pacific Bill on the head, at the risk of being slobbered, so rapidly had r increosed in favour.. v "Good-bye," I said. "I'll come and pay you another visit before long." . "Mind you do, now," replied old 'Crom- bie ; ""an take care yer don't git bushed ag'in." He laughed a deep, rumbling laugh. "Yer.carat miss.the way-yer follows the cárt-track straight as a die. It's four miles into L-y though some will 'as it it's four an' a 'arf-; but they don't know nothink about it-I do.. Well, so long, mate.". . At a bend bf the track,' I turned. The sun was going down into that lonely wilder- ness of hills; the forest was full of a dull crimson fire. " The red glow ' v*as' on old 'Crombie; he stood, as it were, tn the midst of flames- apotheosised, transfigured. His swart shadow loomed gigantically on the bill- side above him. We waved to one an- other,, and the next moment the bend in the track' hid him from my sight. ?' ' '"Shortly afterwards Heft the district for a time, and it WAS two years before I returned to L-. One of my earliest inquiries was for old 'Crombie. It . seems he-had disap- peared twelve months or more previous, áhdnobody could tell me'of his whereabouts. The majority stated that he had gone to live in the city with a married niece, but this I .-flatly refused ; to believe. The minority said bc must, have felt/his end approaching, and so wandered, off into'some secluded gulij among the barren ranges, and laid him down to die, with only fhe harsh scream of thc soaring eagle for his monody. This supposi- tion I have likewise always rejected. One day I revisited his qld place of abode. Alas ! the bark-, hut was a charred mass of crumb' ling ruin.' A bush- fire had swept through the forest, leaving behind it an utter desoía tío H. - Even the" fire-placs -had/vanished,- all save two or three smoke-blackened stones, The grossly pessimistic pf the inhabitants of L-- stoutly affirm that old 'Crombie and his faithful "familiar perished miserably ia the'conflagration, bnt for my part I think he still lives-that he has only sbifted^camp. 1 One of these fine days, in my solitary ram- bles among the hills, I feel sure that I shall come across a lonely bark humpy, and an old, old, hairy mau in patched moleskins sidling crab-like through the cramped en- trance. Bill will be there, too, baying "deep mouthed welcome." Anyhow, I live in hopes. 