WINTON. (From Our Own Correspondent.) Bushfires and storms have been the predominant weather conditions of the week, the former frequently being the result of the latter. Lightning caused fires to spring up in many quarters ; but the runs which suffered most have been those on the high country petween here and Hughenden. Further on Essex Downs is stated to have had 80,000 acres of grass burnt. A big fire burnt part of Sesbania country, swept what is known as Bartlam's block, and then came on to Balmoral selection. There was no one at home here and the fire burnt all round the newly-erected homestead, fortunately without doing the building any damage. Then it visited Werna selection, and passed on to Clio, where it destroyed a big area before going out. Manuka also had a visitation from the fire fiend, and it is reported. that between 600 and 700 sheep perished in the flames. On Bal- moral also a number of stock were destroyed, whilst fencing also suffered severely, in some places as many as 200 posts in one line of fence being burnt. The exact area of country ravaged can- not be estimated with any degree of accuracy; but it may safely be said that lt covers scores of square miles. The loss that this represents, however, is purely problematical, as good rain on burnt country means good green grass. Good storms have fallen this week in places, and there is every prospect of more. Winton itself has been unlucky, getting only 0.15 in. yesterday and a few sprinkles last night ; but other places were more fortunate. Kynuna stands out in this respect, having had 2.50 in. prac- tically all over the run within the last week, and the Diamantina is running 6 ft. deep in places. Other falls reported are :-Dagworth, 0.40 in.; Old Dag- worth, 1 in.: Melrose, 0.17 in.; Ayrshire Downs, 0.14 in,; Elderslie. 0.23 in.; and Oondooroo. 0.57 in. Isolated storms have also run the creeks in many places. The weather is still unsettled, and, so far as can be judged, the indications are favour- able to a good season. Messrs. Cobb and Co.'s coach met with an accident on the journey to Longreach on Wednesday morning last. It had got only a few miles out of town when the leading reins broke at the coupling and the horses became tangled, resulting in a broken pole and damaged harness. The driver (Mr. J..Foster) returned to town for another vehicle, and, after getting it, the horses ran on to the footpath at the corner of Elderslie and Oondooroo streets, smashing off a solid 6 in. gidyea guide post and carrying away one of Mr. R. S. Woodroofe's verandah posts, and nearly another. However, matters were fixed up. and a fresh start was made. The coach got through in good time. The new woolscour is working satis- factorily: but the same cannot be said of the wooden water pipes leading to it, which are still leaking, with the result that a stream of water is running back down the trench to the bore. Mr. S. V. Stott, lately of Alba works, is in charge of operations, and Elderslie wool is going through. Mr. J. M'Lennan passed on Friday en route from Warenda to Mitchell with 1004 bullocks and 208 cows, the property of Mr. S. Kidman. Mr. S. P. Mawhinney has abandoned the second sub-artesian bore on his Wan- talanya selection, which was being put down by Mr. E. Chillingworth, at a depth of 300 ft. The casing has been drawn and a start made with No. 3 bore. Messrs. T. G. Miller and Co. have been wonderfully successful with the sub- artesian bores on their Apsley selection. They have just struck another big supply at a depth of 360 ft., finishing up at 384 ft. The supply was tested up to 20,000 gallons daily at the 240, ft, level, below which it could not be reduced. so that it can be readily understood that the supply is a large one. The water is slightly brackish, but splendid stock waler. This site was picked by Mr. J. Grey with the divining rod and strongly recommended by him. This makes the third splendid success he has achieved on this run. The plant will now go to Rangelands. The Mackunda bore, which is being put down at the joint expense of the Winton and Boulia shire councils and the Go- vernment, has been very successful. The depth at last accounts was over 1800 ft , and the stream rises 21 in. over the casing, probably over 1,000,000 gallons a- day. Mr. John Magoflin is the contrac- tor. Mr. C. Dickson is taking 5000 sheep from Narangie to Messrs. Haynes and Evans's Nuken selection on agistment. A meeting of the Committee of the Hospital Picnic Race Club was held at the Australian Hotel on Friday night. There were present :-Messrs. M. Gaug- han (in the chair), J. W. Burton, A. M'Intyre, L. Pether, W. Steele, and F. W. Clough ,Hon. Secretary), The account of Messrs. White and Co., of £25, for laying water on to the new course, was passed for payment. The Secretary was instructed to forward £8 to the aLnds Department, being the estimated cost of the survey of the new reserve, of which Messrs. E. Williams, J. W. Burton, S, E, Atkinson, and the Chairman of the Shire Council for the time being are to be gazetted trustees, Trees have already been planted in the saddling paddock, and the caretaker is also planting a lawn. Winton, 26th November, 1911. 