j YARWUN. j i - - (From Our Own Correspondent.)' ! Tin? newly-fi «'uteri slate school nt Machine Creek was opened last- week with an attendance ot twenty-nine children. Thu headteacher ii Miss Kettle, lately nf' l apella. At ii meeline- of pal cuts, cou vened by die head teacher, the íolbiivinir (."'litlemon were appointed to Hie commit-! tee:-t Messrs. .lociimseii (oliairwtiii). Kheri (secretan'). Kiosk v (lieasutei'l. j firilliths. .locohson, and Lislicr. j j The Railway Department has nt last : .creeled a eren in shed nt the Mount 1«ir-' Icomlic railway station. It will prove ii 'ureal hoon lo dairymen in the summer moni hs. livery credit is du« to the Pro Sie-.» Association for ohtiiinilig itu'* j lllllcll-ilesircd convciliellee. I Al every giiLing of thc (il.wMnne Cold I Warden's Court nppliculions ure lloidc | lor eighty-acre miner's homestead lease* j ill the scrub adjacent to Machine Creel;. [In (¡u'I. «etdement H Reins un bv le.iv>« fud bounds, lu «very ease the applicant i« ti bolla fide t'iirmer and is desirous of makins » borne tor himself. It w»H not lie lon« before the whole of the laud if «eli led upon. A lorse bushfire was racine laftt week on Caminí (sratiun. lt swept over ail the hlllv country round (¿ravel Creek, iomr of tlie settlers lind ti bud time saving st.««- of their grass paddocks. The lire «¡is eventually beulen out. .Mr. Cunan, who lately took up a large area of forest country on Gravel ("reek, U milking extensive improvements. A tine new house hus been erected with large yards and nil the accessories for thc working of a large dairy herd, ll ls the intention of Mr. <-\irran to devote the l,u.,l <H.t»lv 1,i .tuievinrr Several of (he dist*¡vt farmers have planted fair ureas of English potatoes: but untess rain falls soon the crop will he a failure, there being very little mois^ tuie in tlie ground. No rain ol any con- sequence lias fallen in thc district since A|» ii. A social in aid of thc fund9 of Hie Yarwun State School was held «rn Satur- day night in thc schoolroom. lt waa only moderately attended. This was due to sickness keeping intending many away. This year will we a record aron of land under cultivation in the Yarwun Scrub. All the settlers ure still busy felling scrub and they will continue thc work unt;l ÍM'iit ember, huming oil' in October. Tim weather conditions arc unchanged. lt is four months ni ncc any rain fell. In consequence, stock of all kinds are show- ing the ell eels of the severe winter. What feed is left is too dry to be of much bene-, fit. Stoekowners ore having a' tryirn/ time, especially dairymen. Milch cows arc beginning to come in; but there being no green feed very little cream is ticing obtained. Yarwun, 14th August, 1911. 