LATEST PXkriCnijARS, f 1 Tba buah fires in tbs Warwick Idle met have now practically burnt WicbgtMs. tawtfor many w*i4<* round M8 bein cleared fcy tfae drae, and in' cwiatw, between Stianthoro® and Warwick 'kbk destruction has' beep widespread. . . lagiewopd we leannttn.t prac tically whole of the shirehaB' been tamt out. Serious losses in st<^ck have occurred, aivj tfacro to&ve; be^i toirow. escapes of homesteads.' A cottage on thT^xes-roaTWut i stroyod} enil the inmates col nar rowly away.' ... ■ winewuynfe StaCiion m one. of Uh» proposes to «on» under tlie jphip. °f fhe flames, and as a result thou sands of stock must 4je shifted to grass rfseniiere. CanningCreekand | j Bodumbft were ■ also unfortuci≤ in ' this respect. '• ®ie bush-fires^. wrought damage In the Crow's" Nest 8ifitrict to the ex tent of £lOOi, fencing beitic; destroy-' ed on mini* holdings. Pastoral properties in the Mananoa have tooen en-ept (jy ilres. At GattOn ttou flres ■ went over the oetowtia-y, doing much 'damage. I\>nc ing in the district, in the track ot the fire, to .its onward march. —■ t phmcljilJe liuah fires •dostroyod damaged!; about ,Ju5(X wortfci of Bioepprs and-firidge ^irderfl. . ' ■ During? tlie' ^Kust' week bush fires have been burning in practically nsariy every : part of the district (says the "ST'Int.yre Herald"'), and an immense Amount of damage ha*3 been done by, the destruction of l^rans, ajthovijrtii so far as is , kndtvn thfere has boon Very little loss of stock or other property. l^he ercateet dam age is reported from the North Weir country, where the fires swept over a. lelrtro hiyyi oI fioodar. Mitinrf. through Toys', Mocrosfinn's, and other Mocks, whole pad Jocks being burnt out. Oil the south side a lot of country has been burnt, and on the north side again the Mermva country, although iinstocked, was sjvept, also Tod's and ports of Ben ffalla. The bush fires in the Greymaro dis trict .made a serious clearance of fenc ing, sheds, ett. One selector to sutler heavily was Mr. John Heil, who lost hiB gross, fencos and house. It. is es timated that the loss in t/he district amounted to £2000. 