TOrVORROV. •: o h TRAGEDY 0FREAL LIFI U| (BY E. FRENCH.) A life on the plains had endowed Dick de Freyne with •'crows' feat" beyond his years. Lithe and lean he was—sunbrowned and happy. Happy in a land like this? •He sat loosely in the saddle, and scanned the scene with a smile, The smoke of surrouhding, though, distant, bush fii'es hung thickly for miles ov-er the waving white plains. A dozen wirildies "walked" like majestic :;ants through the heat, and an almost coppery mirage lay broken and sulkv-looking in the south beyond, where a sort of gasping shimmer ran out to infinity. Dick looked at the dust giants. "They always remind me of that Pillar of Cloud set to guide the Children of Israel," he soliloquised. "But you don't catch me following' one for forty years. These aren't such -beauties as we used to get in the drought, because there's so much grass about now. The season's keeping very dry though. r pity the poor chaps wftere all this smoke comes from if their grass is anything like it is lvere. It really is serious; I must have a 'brealc" put round the homestead, but when a fellow is only just married,. somehow he can't help things going slack a little. i the same, if a i there would ho fire were to considerable amount of roast mutton on the run. Wish I'd thought-of getting; a couple of paddocks round the homestead eaten off a little before the gross dried up so. 1*11 move the sheet- out of the Myall paddock and ^ . ^ i the Upper -Berrigan into tbe QUandoag. j Yes, I'll start to-morrow." j And so he rode on, musing, this easy- j going young squatter with the sunbleached moustache. j Later the bride and bridegroom sat 5n ! the spacious verandah—he still happy ; and smoking a cigar, and if the Southern bride was a little pale from the heat of ' tlie day and tbe worry of mosquitos, she' talked brightly, for sbe, too, was happy. Presently she sighed In response to one of his remarks. "Busy again to-morrow, dear?" she said, a little disappointedly. "You're always busy, Dick!" ! -He reached for her hand hanging loosely at her side, and lifted it to his j lifis, laughing: 'Well, my dear, it wouldat do tor a ; early, ^ ^ ^ and ^ there's " o M only 1 B old o Bob i l leit ^ bef ] side the cook. No re-al danger of fires, of course, but one should be prepared: Some poor brute's getting a singeing | wherever this smoke's coming from. It Sangs so. one can't tell the di r Ection. iv writer h'a-e 1 know McCarthy ana weise.es "t' fires on them, and there wus- another f showing out towards the 'Pinnace 0n . Thursday evening, before this haze settled ; down here. Anyhow, there can be no firi ] close, or we'd be able to see the glow j in spite of tbe smoke.". i The night seemed to grow even stiller— ] all was stagnant as a oead hope. j The girt used her fan languidly. «War m old chap?" queried Dick, who never could tskl'.e weather seriously. ; She smiied a'-htt'e wanly and. tried to look brave. | He watched the painted fan waving slowly to' and fro. and quoted mischievously from George Fleming's -'Mirage": j j A flowery fan for a white flower hand (White r-ranes flying across V.iz moon), A breatn of wind, from a v/indless land— A breath in ihe breathless noon. Just then a slight breeze sprang up and they both laughed. Gently on its warm breath came the smell of fresh smoke—faint . at first, but t . i almost imperceptibly growing stronger, i "Here, let's go to bed; you're tired, old j lady," said Dick. &oon; he ' returned in his. pyjamas from his dressing-room to the verandah, and sniffed anxiously. "Rot!" lie said; "I've often smelt 'em for miles. But 1*11 find out where that fire is to-morrow." And as the girl turned tiredlv to sleep she heard Dick mutter, "Yes, find out to-morrow." "Mr. de Freyne!" called out Bob sharply iiom tbe open windor perfectly cool and The old man collected. •'ilv. de Freyne'." Dick was out of bed in a moment, glance round, and he had taken i I One j tho> | wnoie situation. A strong wind had ! sprung up during the night, and the un- i (natural light was the glow, of a bush-fire. The smoke was stupefying, and so drowsy had it made the girl that she did not hear j •Bob's call. • j "Catch the night-horse, Bob. Ride, like I blazss 16 the out-station. Warn Tom and Jack, and the three of you burn as big! a strip as you can on open country west of the cattle and muster 'em on to the burnt ground befoi e the fire gets there. Bide fon your natural life: We're right— , wa'U take to the water!" This had wakened the girl, who sat up drowsily. DicJi' laughed. To be in action was the only stimulant he required. .. •-Our happy little home'll. be wrecked in something like ten minutes," he said, as he bundled the blankets round the girl. "Put ion your shoes, old chap, or you'll catch'"Cold," and h^ flung into some garm'esitif. " They -^ent out together, and a hundred yards brought them to the reedy margin of a water-Sole. "in vou ;ro, old chapV he ordered, a l blankets comfortably wet; and *° keep well in, as the flames -n 11 JKiffiP a 'long way. "Oh:" said the girl. "I trod on something?" and in she went bravely. He laughed. „ ' , , - , , r A "Back in a minute—going Tor some of your wardrobe. Don't mind if it gets damp a little, eh?" Dick had to race baclt to reach the water; part oi Us clothes had caught fire. but bp was unhurt though very much cut of breath. The black blankets of smoke ; Were terrible. ••BnSufi'ht a jnixed assortment," he panted "Bfst I could do. cook panicked ^ t o n- to. thc ^ be caugllt hy th!g I time, i expc-ct "DickV' said a feeble voice. "Why, what's up, old woman? Smoke •11 all bo gone soon, or the worst of it." -Dieig I'm afraid I'm very ill/"- said tJw voiee> still more f eehly. pilt hJs arm arouI!d 5ier "I^ever mind, old chap, you're upset, Don L -worry about the place going. I'm ^ oniy '• . V ^ Z ^ U ^ l know it!"- he " A know it." So thick was the smoke that praetSealiy nothirtg oould be seen but the tongues of i the nearest , ^ flames, which llelied the ^ r ^d tore through tao garden -Hoort trees began to fall in the Umber -half-a-Mi'-e awa— t'.c-v n.jn^ iatM ihtha^-a-tal e ^ ' ^ with the crash.ng or dis.ant f^Jlng : i know it. muttered Dick Daj^ight came quickly, but Dick did r.ot^stir, though it had been safe to land lo:lg This was to-morrrw! < Then something caught his eye by the scorched green rushes at the water's edge ; — somthlng wriggling, "SuiTlvor of the fire—badly wounded," commented Dick, as he carried out the unconscious form and laid it down .gently cn the bunk. He was himself now. "She'll come round presently,'' he assured himself. 'Presently!" Nothing bt.t blackness on the plains and a dense smoke on the face of all things. Still the giants crashed away out in the ring-barl:ed timber, but the wind had dropped. . The homestead had made a delightful display for quite a few minutes, during the night, but now was an uninviting heap of ashes. ; Perspiring and still badly frightened, Fritz, the ccok, made his appearance on .the desolate scene. How lie had escaped was a marvel. .He ran up from behind and began: , "Mon Dieu, monsieur!" The mar. seated by the water's edge turned a laughing, cinder- blackened face to him, pointed to a little footmark which had pressed something deep into the yielding mud. and went on playing with She snake. 