3)B OIB €6iOMSS»; AT PEACEFUL ANCHORAGE. SOME REMINISCENCES. There is nothing that suggests insti tution life about ike peaceful anchor- age wherein are sheltered our old colo- nists at Rushall crescent, North Fitz- roy The broad garden pathway is fringed with well-kept lawns, bright- ened with the golden bloom of sun- flowers and variegated cannas. Rose bushes waft a fragrance from their wealth of floral favors, and here and there a cluster of pink or red geranium gives a vivid touch of color to the land- Each trim villa is like a self-con tained flat, and nobody peers upon the privacy of its inmate. There is a com fortably furnished sitting-room, an airy bedroom, and a compact pantry or kit chenette, fitted with a stove and culi- nary appliances. No better means could be "suggested to make life's descent gentle for those who have long since ceased to strive for the glowing hues of youth. The enchanted cup has not lost all its sparkle or relish when it may be sipped in such surroundings. On a recent visit Mrs Wijnbladh, who is guide. philosopher and friend to this little community, led the way to the hospital, which was really a compact little villa, with a cheery sitting-room, having comfortable lounges, a writing table, and Kentia palms and ferns in the window alcove. This opened into two cosy bedrooms, surely an ideal room wherein to be nursed and tended. However, nobody was hidden beneath the snowy counterpanes requiring min istration. A Theatrical Favorite In cue little nest, with a front garden of sweet-scented lavender, a well- know;: ihvairlosl favorite rests after a long career of artistic triumphs. It is not so many years ago since she was adored by the public, and sought alter by managers, for special delineations. Outside the wind whistled and the rain beat against the window-pane, but the little sitting-room was warm and cosy. A bright fire crackled in the grate, and the kettle was singing on the hob, just hinting that it was four o'clock and afternoon tea time. From all the glamor and glitter of the footlights to this uneventful domes ticity. Surely an extreme contrast, and yet Hiss is completely content and happy in her new environment. A Stage Career "What do you consider the necessary qualifications for a stage career?" she was asked, in the course of a chat. "Well, first of all a good strong con stitution, a vast amount of moral cou rage and exceptional ability, and still even these three essentials may not mean success. "I started when I was fifteen years of age, and for two years I did not draw any salary; but I was learning my pro fession, just like an apprentice, at a trade." "If you had your life to live again, would you choose a theatrical career?" "Yes," she said, laughingly; "I believe I would. You see, I have such an in tense love for it." The conversation then drifted to stage-struck maidens. "I think every girl develops that . — -tt— —rrrr— m— r—nnr thaii!a h,t sothr Iftae Tqf %kii£fe,»r qatft the old actress. . i4Wha€ X should adse- every worried mother to do Wouia bo to let her daughter have six, nine, or even twelve months work with a 'hard working company, if she survives that ordeal and stilJ wishes to continue let her follow the bent of her inclina tions- Most likely she will return homp long before the allotted time has ex pired. On the htage it is always a case of the survival of the fittest." It is often remarked that actresses retain their youth longer than most women, although Miss has experi enced ill-health and many vicissitudes she is no exception to the popular opin ion. She is active, graceful in move ment and figure, and there are not any tell-tale age marks or wrinkles to dis figure her complexion. She is owr seventy years of age; although she does not look a day more than fifty, and un til the end of last year faced all the wear, tear and stress of a professional - life. MRS VICTOR WIJNiBLAHH. Nurse and Matron of Old Colonists Homes. Music and Art Across the gravelled pathway another Interesting personality is discovered — the original of a study that in various characteristic attitudes graces the walls of the Victorian artists' gallery. All her life she has lived in a world of art and music, and has been strongly attracted towards occultism in all branches. A- cottage piano14 furnishes one corner of the sitting room and a large picture of Beethoven occupies a prominent position over the mantel piece. She is a strong believer in re-incar nation, and the theosophlc law of Karma. A strange character, vibrating with sympathy and emotionalism, ar.d yearning for love and affection that she asserts has ever been denied her. Her mother died when she was but. a; baby five months old, andi her earliest recollections .of development were at boarding school. Schools Old and New It. was interesting to hear her com- Pkre v'thA' . bid- methods of. -'isheh COHOfiet V;' ; -\\\' --'y " -.y "Once I was locked up for ;& Wikfle. day In a: dark, damp eeilar because I had stolen si piece=of bread and sugar, And. often we were..ma# U kn#el on bags of hard peas fer petty offences. '"While these and many other bar barous acts of petty tyranny were go ing on I was receiving letters from my guardian, urging me to be brave and good and truthful, but never a loving word of"" sympathy or kindness, only coldness and rigidity." It can readily be imagined what this child of four endured when now, at nearly eighty, her eyes welled up with tears and she trembled with indigna tion as she recalled remembrancer of the outrageous treatment, "Things are different now," she con tinued, and the light of happiness came into the kind old face. "The dear little children are reared in. an atmosphere I of love and kindness, their rightful in heritance." It was a delight to meet with such a woman. Old age with aer does not mean dejection and an over cast sky; the sun still shines for her; . her brain is yet unclouded, and her in- 1 terest keen in her beloved hobbies. Modern Fashions Into the peaceful harmony of another cottage news " of the harem fashion freak had penetrated. "I think it is shameful. I don't know what' women are coming to these days," said one dear old lady with snowy hair. "Hide their faces? I should just think they ought." "What with mixed bathing and trou sers, I do not know what the world is coming to, and those new-fangled floppy figures are dreadfully ugly, I think " She evidently referred to the erect form, at whose shrine fashion's votaries Wor shipped a few seasons ago. "Another thing I notice is the foolish way many of the women of fifty and sixty dress themselves up as if they were in their early twenties; aiid can you tell mew hy the girls put their hair out so and hide their pretty ears and foreheads?" "But you had silly fashions in the old days, too," she was gently re minded. "Oh, yes, the crinoline, that the wind used to get under and send your skirts flying all round your waist. Oh. but w© soon got sense, and gave them up for princess's robel." "I don't bother about fashions at my time of life, but I like to know what is worn, and I do like to see the girls In their muslin frocks and simple print dresses. They do look pretty." The Oldest Tenant In the first cottage to the left, on en tering the garden, Mrs Anne Living ston, who is 84 years of age, has lived for twenty years. She is able to knit and read a little, but is crippled with rheumatism, and has to be wheeled about in an invalid's chair. A devoted daughter lives with her, and ministers to all her little needs. She arrived in Australia in ; the early fifties, and roughed it with other pioneers, her family settling in the Colac district in a tent . township, with Geelong the nearest place for provisions. "I hear the new settlers are grumbling about the hardships they have to face," she says. "Why, everything is easy for them; the ground is cleared, and they can get water. It seems to me the more people get the ritore they want." f 3 sailing and wo had tdi carve enr fwtt way Wheai wb got here, I tan "ten you;- - "Did you come out to make your for tune?" she is asked. "Indeed I did, and 1 was going, back in seven years, but instead of making a fortune, we lost the little we had." Mrs Livingston then tells of. hew, later, she helped to beat out an exten sive bush fire that threatened to lay their homestead in ruins. "Look at my eyebrow," she says, pointing over her left eye, "that is what the bushfir® did for me— scorched it oft, and it never grew again." "But you soon forget little things like that,", she adds, as she laughs at the recollection. ' Good-bye, little mother," was her parting salutation to rs Wijnbla5h, to whom all the "cottagers" are devo ted. Acted With Brooke At another little home, with the front garden thick with dainty sweet alice, and trailing wild convolvulus, lives . Mrs Caroline Gladstone, an ac tress of the old school, who played with.. G. V. Brooke, William Hoskins, and Walter Montgomery. She is a very energetic old lady, and loves to be out | in Hie open. You will find her trudg- ing about the grounds oil cold, wet j days, with a good pair of strong boots, j mentally and physically active. Although she is over SO years of j age, she' never needs spectacles, and j "I am able to thread a 10 needle with j 60 cotton," she proudly says. | "I think my eyesight is good, be- j cause I have done very little reading; that is what wears out the eyesight. 1 I am always telling the others that, i but they won't believe me," she adds, j Interesting Reminiscences. j Mrs Caroline Renwick, who is the j tenant at Lady M'Eachern's cottage, ! has a fund of anedcotes of pioneering ; days. She 'arrived here when she I was about 13 or 14 years of age, and ; can remember her mother lying in bed ; protecting herself with an open urn- ; brella from the rain which poured i through tha roof of the ramshackle ; building. For this, privilege the family paid a rental of £5 a week. She speaks with many significant nods of the head, and much emphasis, of a ball given by the Governor, Sir Charles Hotham, which caused great indigna tion among tha pioneers. It appears he gave them colonial beer to drink in&ead; of champagne and spirits; the beer being drawn from tha cask and served in bedroom jugs. "In those days," said Mrs Renwick, "we moved quickly. "A man was en gaged one day, bought tha trousseau, and was married the next." "Bought the trousseau?" "Yes; the men were generous then, and did not mind how much they spent,and they always looked up on buying the trousseau! as a great privilege. They do not do that now," she says with a sly little twinkle in her .eye. . A Happy Colony. Cheerfulness seems to stand out as Gne of the chief characteristics; it is t-iiared by "all, men and women. In stead of being soured, moping in me lancholy, and embittered by their reverses of fortune, they are con tent and at ease, ever ready to discern — though the lengthening of shadows proclaim life's latest travail near — bright rays of the summer suns tliey have enjoyed. No gloomy forebod ings within that charmed enclosure, no repinings; happy, reminiscent colo-" nists, whose brows bear the crown of content, nought now comes amiss to them. 