AUbltiALiAri sCttkS. ABOUT Tii (Speciai oo:.lri br'ioii.) .ualians have i >i".':i strangely .it'.rl cf tlir' \--.i'.;.- ol lives, v ride i«ji => •oivs of miles •-s jiiaiiih v. here industry has uar::'..-d uj; ior ct iialf a <*ennod only . \\\i:!i a few scantv plantations of long, straight, and only hair-leaved law, Uiroiigli ! which the wind iv:ii*tlos villi 1111- brukcn foicii. And even lomui .some of the: homesle&ds; very little has (icn:- to beautify the sunoundii. 6'.; lo break the violence of the (iercj gales. v-u th'j ;;0!ihi:ry uulunAly limbered, ii:i!lious ol acres have been inerci- .-Iy riny-burked, with iuirdly a tree ]• U alive! Hiiis where it was once ii.-ipossible lo penetrate the thick Hi iergituvth ovor which the foliage ci heavy timber hid the sun, have hei-'imc bar.' plnees, giving life to 1:0 larger plant than the natural •jKsss. Bush fires and time are fast I'lin.aiatiiig the lost traces of these s. vests, which once covered so much <>; tii'.' cifimln. The axe of the p : <i,v was ruthless and indiscrimiiuvUv - To lea.ve slielte^toees xyass Vm /ception nVUier tlian the rule, he.-iutiful I»elt« of red-gum's have been thoroughly destroyed. It only now that we are able to r jili/e fully the true effect of this v.uol s:i!.- ring-barking. J''or many wins niter the axonien finished their \\.<ii\\-; tii.- forests stood white, gauut, i-j!«I <ie:i<l, making scenes weirdly pl.-l iireso'ic t<> ride through by 1 ;OOT -Iglit, when the glistening tnmks took all sorts of fantastic slinpes as they gleamed in the bright silver beams. The ground was littered with decaying debris, and it w.-t^ hard to find a track through the n:<i'ild»'riiig logs- The mournful niitht. wail of the curlew, or the oiitrer wiping ol the rabbit hunt at daytime, would echo again and apain as through some vast and empty building. Demands for firewood, the forces decay, and the sweeping of bushfires have for the most part finished the dead Victorian forests; and vory much of the country which once was heavily timbered might, so fai as anyone is able to judg- from present appearances, n?vf>i- have growu a tree. The partial destruction of the timbet was a necessary preliminary to pastoral and agricultural occupation. Until the trees were removed the land could not- be cultivated, noi would it grow grass. But mostly the pioneers forgot that trees have a value over and above what they can be suid for to the sawmills, and that what it took a few months to destroy it would require double as many years to replace. Unfortunately tin* process is still going on, and trees are being killed-mucli " ~ witli slu-dermg and beautifying belts of timber, verv many are wind-swept and desolate places, where nothing has been done either to preserve natural trees or to plant others. Trees necessarily have an influence on the lives cf the people living near them. The writer has s:-cii the homestead of a 20,000-aere holding without a tree within two miles of it. The -occupiers looked out of their windows on wire fences and limitless expanses of wind-swept grass. There was nowhere to walk to ior recreation. There was nothing to sec anywhere. There was no shade out of doors for children to play beneath in hot weather, and there was not shelter enough to keep a flower garden. Life there was just as dreary and desolate as physical surroundings could make it. Then there are places on the plains where never a tree grew naturally, but where the homestead nestles in a forest covering 30 or 40 seres. Such a plantation brings a wealth of bird life where there was naturally no life of any sort. It makes orchard and flower garden possible, and it turns into a home what without it would be but s lonely house on a desolate plain.' In Western Victoria pastoral occupation has, in some instances, led naturally to the timber dying out without any direct effort being made to kill it. This has resulted on the fringe of the plains, where honeysuckles and sheo&ks; once grew. These trees, which -are certainly of little value or beauty, have been dying out ever since sheep were put on the counfciy, and in many places thev have quite disappeared. An interesting and successful -expert lentjWas ~~ f \oT iBubstltljtiriga)tf ^ ^ •vanishirg species 'Whenever" Sne of the tatter Cell, s !pwus tiul^iut -was plauted m the liead, thelioughs thus keeping the sheep off: until tho . pine had thrust its -head Above their reach. What would thus have become an unbroken plain was turned into park-like pasture landB, where sheep- were sheltered and the lambing percentages greatly inbre&Bed; Another instance of the walue of the -trees -being recognized In 'station management occurred at Tuppal station, jn New South Wales; when Messrs. Falkiner and Sonb pur ohaaed the estate. The property; (Continues on .next column:) which is one of the richest in Hiverijm, much ui it having since passed to *a«rieminrftl uses, was partly de;ive.l bv it* pmvhar.'.-l's. - However, In'st-shnp. d iro'.-s were left iti-.i:. a ii.-i the boughs of them * aS V: '.'! -• !Oj>pfd <">' high up a i.::'.!! OGllld ICadl With an iiv uliile standing on the ground. Though the estate was nPMi-Iv '.'OO.l.W acres in area; »u;o~t i;f it was turned into what, iv.'iu a b.-autv point of view, tt'ould i-tnii.iaiv favourably with any i-ilv park- The owners considered tin- c.tiTviiig oayacity and genera!- proiiui-tivity ol the place was greater than if all the timber had been cleared. A most important difference will b" -iiade to life in the fast-develop- '•:••_• wheat plains il individuals and •r.- shii-: councils realize what .':u.;il.l be done in tree-planting. !"ii • country there is intersected \iih great wide roads, which are at ;s;\ sent partly so much waste space. There is an" excellent opportunity fc.r planting Oil each side of these; .ii!.l the State Forests Department is anxious to distribute seedlings to -ivi-vs iiiKi olhc" public instilntions. The question is one which Ihe COUllils might well take ill hand. 