HUGHENDEN NOTES. (For the *N.Q. Register.") HUGHENDEN. Septemher 13 The dry weather still prevails, and the grass is still getting into the soft, and yellow leaf. Water is now a ques- tion of some anxiety with the drover man, and before long some of the stock routes will be closed. This ap- plies to the Tangorin-Hughenden route, and some of the big tanks down the Flinders. In a few weeks' time the route to Prairie will mean travers- ing long stages for water, and down the Flinders will soon mean 20 mile stages for stock. The Basalt people will certainly have a let out by turning off at Wongalee to Prairie, where the stages will be much shorter for water; and clean cattle can travel that way without dipping at Hugbenden. Bush-fires have been prevalent for the past few weeks, and miles of country have been burnt. The whole of Nottingham has been swept clean; luckily the owners had no stock on that holding; but the neighbouring selection fared badly. Vuna, Kil- larney and others who are stocked up, suffered severe loses, and Dunluce and Renfrew Park shared in the losses. Western Queensland, like inland Central South Australia in good sea- sons is subject to the devastation of bush-fires, and the experiences of the earlier settlers in the latter State should be an object lesson to sel- ectors, and stations owners in this State. Years ago I remember bush-fires in South Australia travelling up to 200 miles. A fire once started on Woo- naka Station, in Northern South Aus- tralia, and burnt out Kanaka, Willo- chera, Mt. Arden, Mt. Brown, Mt. Re- markable, Coonatta, Wirrabberra, Booyille, Mannarie, Benetleby, Yon- gala, Canowie, Booboorrwie, Bundaleer, Hill River, Gum Creek, and Bungaree. This traversed an area of 200 miles in lenth and 150 miles in breadth. Besides enormous losses in stock, several homesteads were demolished, and the overseer on Bundaleer, Mr. John McNeil, was burnt to death. Mt. Remarkable homestead was saved by an old black gin, who was left alone at the homestead, by setting fire to the grass around the station before the conflagration passed, and she was pensioned off by the owners for her foresight. These stations in those days must have carried over half-a-million sheep, and how they fared subsequently I do not know ; but I know this, that they all burn "strips" now—that is a fire plough track half a chain each side of all fences and burn between, and I have not heard of any extensive fires there since the one I quote. Where there is a vigorous growth of grass on the Downs a fire plough track of 8 or 10 feet wide is no in- surance against fires, especially at this time of the year, when we may expect high South-easterly winds, which fan up the flames to lick twice that distance. During the week we have had seve- ral grass fires quite close to the town starting from the Railway line, and some loss has been occasioned in all cases where the grass has been pre served for stock. I am informed that the report that Moselle Downs was burnt out is not quite true. This is lucky for Mr. Murray, as he is well stocked up on that holding. Stock matters are fairly quite. Mr. Sulman, of Alma Downs, is sending 42 bulls from Artesian Downs to Euthella, W. H. Smith in charge. W. H. Carter, Wyangarie, trucked 200 fat wethers at Richmond on the 13th inst, to Kiery and Sons. Four thousand eight hundred ewes and lambs are, leaving Hopevale on the 25th inst for Artesian Downs, Mr. Sulman owner. The Mt. Emu Pastoral Co., Ltd., are sending 630 bullocks to the Q.M.B. They leave the station on the 19th, and truck at Richmond. Gannan and Co. report the sale of 6,000 full-fleeced ewes on account Ar- mytage Bros., Afton Downs, to Torrens Creek Meatworks. The purchase was made just as the sheep were entering the shed for the cut out, and was in the language of the shearers, "Nipped in the bud." Chisholm and Green are lifting 7000 full-fleeced ewes at Toorak. These will be trucked at Maxwelton, Ernie McLean in charge. They are waybill- ed for Delbessia. Hegarty Bros, truck 46 horses here for Townsville on the 16th inst. Slater and King are travelling 30 horses from Mt. Emu to Galway, Downs. P. Duffy is lifting 70 horses from Mt Emu for Emerald on the 20th, owner in charge; these will travel via Pentland and Clermont. Mr. T. Penny, our local butcher, trucked 13 cows to D. Jones, Charters Towers, on the 9th inst. Messrs, Rule Bros., of Eyrie, are sending 7,500 sheep in to Prairie to be shorn, by Savage Bros., Drover Hayes in charge. Somerville will truck 350 fats to the Q.M.E., Ross River, on the 29th inst. Mr. T. Penny has just landed 25 bulls from Nella Ponds, and is lifting 70 fat cows from the same place; "Tony*' Shortbridge will drove them. The 13,000 wethers purchased by Blume and Durham, of Essex Downs, go to Balmoral (Sesbania resumption). J. Stuart trucked 104 bullocks to Alligator Creek on the 4th inst. Mr. Ell Carter la sending 300 but* locks and 250 cows, and 600 bullockB «ud 200 cows, from Mrerfoyta to the N.Q.M.E, Coi, Alligator Creek, In two jots; they will travel "on the hoof" to Tcrrcns Creek, from where they T-'iJ) be trucked. flieavlng is gradually drawing (to a r oi-r. In this district. Afton Downs, . rcdrral Shearing Co., cut out on Tuesday aftn- putting through 97,000 ulieep. Mr. Brooke" was In chargo, /iHeu classing, and Hauks expertise. . Mr. Brooks goes to Callendoon, scar Goondhvindl, for bis next stud. Th<v Afton team of shearers are up'it up fur Southern sheds in all th* 6(flt P. and ltsf|vvot)dci'ful bow far eonio of lhp°e men travel during fli?, shearing season. Fancy starting nt J lifldp, In Contrsd Queensland, and rnMifne bp at Mt. Gambier, S.A., fur Christmas. "»l:iration Is due to cut out to-day, r.nd tho men arc expected in to-night, <"s\mcrcn Downs cuts out to-morrow. Th<* la'.ter team go to tho Winton dls ci Jft. Huphacden Station starts to-morrow, Mr. d'Evolyn over the shed, and Mr. Shatp classing. Rui:tiy:nedc will cut out on the 18th •Jnet., and the team comes to B"1!in dflttnek Immediately afterwards. 