11 [?] I -J . hy DON M'GREGDR „ lip m JU " ' jrAv . I " ' Iff (All Rights Reserved)-. ; ; \tt . Goliii MatMe&on; skid his ; wife were footh mountain-bred folk; and al- 4 ' looked cityward 1 with longing eyes, they dearly loved : the fastnesses of their ragged moun- pain home. ' - ; It was a case .of distance lending enchantment to -the eye. _ - They were both artists to the finger tips; he a borfi- painter; and, in a les ser- degree, she a painter of words, To attach himself to the Art Gallery or some good private master was the de sire of. his life/- in which ; he was aided and abetted by his doting wife. : So it was arranged that when ; the time was ripe they should repair to the metropolis. - At this juncture they were, if not on the high road to.smiling-fortune.on the way to comparative ease and comfort, for the estate -inherited by Colin was a valuable asset, with its trim home stead, flocks, and herds of fine ani mals. So, when a buyer came along, they would sell, and go to the city which was .as "yet a sealed book to them, into which they had ; with easy familiarity— metaphorically, of course — projected themselves every now and then. How he would shine there as an artist; . and Mary would woo the muses to better advantage. But alas for the plans of men and mice! How oft they "gang -dgley." ' Truly, Colin's and Mary's did, even whilst they dreamed, it would seem. A devouring . bushfire thundered along, and took the affair out of their hands". It was the old story, for they thought that tlieir place was perfectly' safe, and Colin went to save others less fa vored, with the result that when he arrived, weary and tired on the scene, it was to find merely the chim ney stacks of his erstwhile Cosy home standing. But "he thanked God that his wife arid child and the old lady, Whose benefactors they were:/ were safe and sound. He had also rea son to be grateful to the forethought of the two women, who, leaving no thing to chance, buried what money, deeds, and other Valuables they found in .the house. - The next few days were spent by Colin in traversing the country collect ing his stock, which he meant to dis pose of as soon as possible, and then betake themselves to' the city which called so long and insistently. He an ticipated trouble with Mrs Bowen, who had lived im the- family for years, and who had worn herself out fretting, not after the husband who was killed years before, but a hoy whom she had reared and who vanished suddenly one never-to-be-forgotten day. - j He was right in his deductions. j When he mooted ; to Mrs Bowen their proposed translation to the city he was met by a frank refusal. "I "know why you won't come," said' lie savagely; "you're waiting for that waster to turn up/' "He will turn tip; if not in my time, in God's," she said in that calm, mea-_ sured way of hers. "There's one thing I can do, Colin Mathieson— -that is, to pray. I've lived on your bounty long enough ; so you go your way and I'll go mine. You go to the city and leave me here." Colin, sorry now for what had ap peared his harshness, glided to her; all bitterness fled 'from his musical voice as he said: "You arouse the mischief in me, for you are fretting yourself to death over an ungrateful Waster, whom you rescued from the gutter, and on whom you" showered all your possessions in order that he might he educated. How did he repay you? Why, by sneaking away without saying thank you." When the time came she was obdu rate, and, with the new-born year just in sight, the Mathiesons left the deso late country for the untried city alone. However, after a lapse of six months, Colin went back, arid talked to such purpose- that the old. lady ' accom panied ttim back to the bustling city. Three new years had come and gone, and the fourth was but three weeks off — all this since the Mathiesons invaded the city / The flood gates of fortune had hot opened to : them. The world of art lay still unconquered about Colin, and Pegasus in the city lay throttled on his bier. Indeed, in a mild way, the World frowned on them, for little Colin did not thrive in the city. Mrs Bowen was "eaten up" wj£h .rheumatism, and was very helpless; ill-health had thrown the breadwinner put of work, and to keep afloat he had to mortgage their home, thus placing himself in the power of a most unfcrupulous money lender. Mrs Mathieson, pale, and haggard, managed tb eke out a lictle by means of her needle. She hatd just returned from the "pity, an told of a pavement arttsf/wiiomshe hadj5foeh at work. Her husband, lying listless on the couch un der the \yindpw, order, to see \- - the.iPay/bC ; psdn the anxious note in her ybj,. Be : -knbw that in her hope was not /deaS; 1bu£ It waf not bo elastic as bt yore abd to such as remained she clang despe rately— a :dangero|ia3 attitude! j - ... ; -'not, to be/ cpmpared with yours, dear. Suppose you try.\ If .you /a-ke .e&ptigh; tp .c-?«ryh|is'' over the remnant, pf: the year," she ventured, wistfully. _ - , - . /; / He rose and went out, feellng more | hopeful, than ihe- had done for some time, and had resolved to at least try his luck. Bo. later, when he returned clean shaven, and carrying under his arm a, parcel containing, the street ar-. tist's araphern alia, she, undersood, but said nothing,. ; From a monetary point of . view, his efforts oil the first night were, a failure; but the remarks he had heard anent his work made the next and successive at tempts possible. On the fourth day he ventured out in broad daylight to the scene of his labors. He stood clutching the ir<$n railing of the park fence, his breath almost deserting him — all his ideas had flown, Fear gripped him tighter than ever. He shuddered at ""the thought that he had heard and read of lapse of memory. Could it be that his identity was slipping away from him? Trams passed by with the. usual rumble, interspersed with the clanging of bells, motor horns tooted, and hub-brakps screeched as though in protest as .they were drawn up the steep' incline; foufehe heeded not; neither did he see a few folk who eyed him curiously. No, in spirit he was harking back to a certain range of mountains, whose tree-clad peaks pierce cloudland. But on the oc casion that filled his. mind to the exclur sion of all else, the air was hot and op pressive, and smoke haze obscured even the near spur tops: Nearer it came and nearer. Alert and determined men in short sleeves galloped for dear life hither and thither, directing and warn ing people of the progress the consum ing fire was making. He could -hear hundreds of hoof beats thundering over the mountain slopes, as the frightened horses fled from their enemy; the bel lowing of cattle no less afraid; the pite ous bleat of sheep; the cry of singed rabbits and wallaby fleeing from death. He was deadened by the roar of the raging fire and blinded by the showers of debris the hissing flames lickedheavr en ward, then sent fluttering to the scorched earth. Realising that his inspi ration had arrived he forthwith set about to give his thoughts coherent ex pression, with the result that the drab foot path was soon aglow with pictures of bush fires throbbing with life, indeed, so "thrilled were the spectators that they i fAptrnf -»-l ip vprv np.pflfHl monv. A well dressed man on the edge of the crowd pushed his way in, and . after addressing Colin, who was still fl bending over his work, placed a I sovereign by the few coppers which I Colin had himself, placed there. I "The work of a genius. If you could 1 only put that on canvas you'd be | famous," he said impressively. J When Colin looked up he was no- | where to be seen. It was three, days before the artist returned, for he was ill indeed. On the fourth day lie was at his post, and although he knew, it not, the stranger, looking quite pleas ed, hovered near. On the lay in succession some six or seveu charming little landscapes, as powerful in their way. as . the bush fire had been. They throbbed with life. . What more cpuld be desired? The stranger -studied them intently, and as he. did so a tense look crept into his face. A chance word of his brought Colin to his feet, not so much to answer it as to study the speaker. Having dong this, he presumably ar rived at a conclusion, and forthwith j rubbed out the reigning pictures and proceeded to replace them with others. His hand trembled visibly, and more than once his eyes sought the strang er's whereabouts. The first drawing was in crayon, re presenting the bust of a woman wich a kindly familiar face; then a country . scene where a primitive home nestled , amid gum trees, A quaint porch of small dimension? stood before the front door, over which a riot of rose trailers waved their banners. Behind the cottage the sun was sinking; and in a clearing at the side a woman from her apron scattered food to the 4fost of ducks, geese and fowls about her. Bhd was the woman portrayed on the other picture. You would have no doubt , in idjtlfylngihenij one and thesaie",fprj'i Colin pic- | ture of the housei, fOTte/pergpective was-out of geWTMfohikience ; to the .iljtry— ; whiche esire-toe hotyet re- you? Who .are you that you hark back over tha weuSj. and confront me with "the pastf .„/ ; interfcutor. : iu his ' would foe. io und- to=&convey;:oiMeijapi ? ana-ipfoHAthiesoni ajM : j ; "CedrikrMontcalm," he coripecteiL Hfi my infancy L was fostered tijr 1 -A Mrs Bo wen, who was ultimately djpned in Gippsland in-flood tlmei ; l«,yef»-sako.rtI . ; "She lives; with us, and is poor and needy," said Colin, more Jfoumbly now /that ho saw he had misjudged the 'than. ' ' "Come away," said the stranger, "and /leave the paltry x coins for the street Arabs. I have enough and to spare— -you shall pot want."" J ,Rut Colin picked, Up the last half penny, and then followed his compan ion, feeling as though he tfod on air. "Mathieson," said, the stranger, fal- : teringly, "I do feel a cad and deserve your contempt. But you don't under stand. My heart was always hungry. I once saw a letter /concerning my re lations, and I was fired with the desire to see them, which, after all, is very natural. I stole away with heavy heart but -good intentions. I reached England, and found them. I was young and impressionable. The glamor of refinement, wealth arid position was too nfuch for me, and I'm ashamed to say that" my erstwhile kind intentions towards my foster-mother weakened. I stood ashamed -of her. Then I heard she had perished in the flood, and a while ago I yielded to the desire that dominated me— to ' revisit the land of my youth — Australia. The rest you know. Let us bury the hatchet. It is a good time now, with the new year all untried looming just ahead." They shook hands in a good grip. "I'll go in first," said Colin breath ing hard, although he tried to appear calm and unconcerned. He had along the way made up quite a neat little speech, but it had flown long before he encountered the small group in his sit ting room. He pointed to where the stranger was framed in the doorway. "Mother, your prayer is answered," he said. Mrs Bowen rose, with something of the buoyancy of youth in her. action. Her voice quavered and her eyes swam as she uttered: - "X knew you'd come." NEXT WEEK: LITTLE MATE OF THE MILL. By SUMNER LOCKE. 