Local and General News. Anaimia and indigestion generally go together. Nkmia Tonic cures both. A meeting of the Looal Land Board will be held at Hillston on 'March 27th Mb P. Johns has received the ? ? C ? '\rf « I? Qnnkm ZOIIUWIUg UUI.VT IIUUJ iU-t L». uuvuio, M.L. A. : — I hope to be in Hillston with the Pnblio Works Committee some time before the end of April, but will sond fall information to all publicly interested in good time for attonlion. The Commonwealth Portland Cement Co. hav« notified their employees that owing to the Sydney wharf liborors refusing to handle their cement, on account of its alleged injurioasness to health, their interstate trade has become Effected to such an extent that they will he obliged to dismiss 300 men. Those who suffer from backaohe and heart palpitation should try Nkmia Tonic On Tuesday night some welcome showers fell, about 20 pointB being recorded. Some heavy thander s tortus passed round, and appar ently some parts of .r the district were much more favored than was Hillston. These showers are keep ing the grass groen and fresh, and etock in demund. Pedestrians and others are re minded of the Farmers' and Set tlers' St. Patriot Day sports, which taku plao3 next Friday, 17th. inst. The sports will be held in the Show ground, and a varied and attractive programme will b? offered A ball and supper will be held in Ritohie's Hall at night. The members of the Association are working hard to ensure a successful and enjoyable gathering, and this popular fouotiou is expected to equal those of pre i vious years, which have gained an enviable reputation for enjoy ableness. Nkmia Tonic has brought back the joy of life to thousands of sufferers. Mr J. Harper, Assistant Railway Commissioner, gave evidence before the Public Works Committee last Thursday in regard to the expedi ency of constructing a railway from Barellan towards Hillston, which proposal has already been before the committee. He said the pro posal to connect Hillstcn, from Wyalong, had been twice before the Publio Works Committer, both reports being unfavorable. Since' then the position had entirely ohanged, through Parliament hav ing authorised the carrying on of the Murrumbidgee Northern Canal scheme. The proposal now sub mitted to the Chief Commissioner was for an extension of the Temora Barellan line, a distance of 32 milt* 4 chains, towards Hillston. Iu re gard to the prospeots of trafEo, ' this would entirely depend upon the amount of development arising from the irrigable area, and the population oreated thereby. Bat it was understood the Crown, in selling the land to the settlers, would be recouped for the cost of the railway, water channels, and ?apply etc., and, if bo, tha scheme would, of coarse, be a reproductive one. Mb Hanbur; Daties, barristerat law, has been appointed 'standing Counsel for the Western Lands Com missioners for a period of six months, viz., from Jauaary let to June 30th. The Flemington Races were post poned on Tuesday Inst owing to bad weather. Yesterday a portion of 'the course was still under water, and it was arranged that the Cup should be run on Saturday ; the third day's racing should take place on Monday, ttud the fourth day's ou Wednesday. The Rankin Springs' folk' are hold ing a Sports Meeting on the 7th April. The prize money amounts to JS18, and the events include a Handi cap Hack Race of £4, Hack Race of £2, a Pony Race of £1 10s, Handicap Trot of £\ 5s, Sheffield Haudicp o £1 12s 6d. Handicap District Foot Race of £1 10s, and various othor events. Mr John Hannan is Secretary, and Mr W. Loeson, Assistant Secre tary. Mr S. J Gordon, Secretary of the Hillston P. and A. Association, has received, through Mr Scobie, a letter from the Under Secretary of the De partment of Agriculture Sir : I have the houor to inform yim that the Minister has approved of a special grant of £50 being paid to- your Society. I am enclosing a vouehar for this amount. The authority for payment is to be endorsed thereon by the Treasurer on the Society's behalf, and the vouoher then returned to ine for paymeut. I have the honor, etc., H. O. L Anderson, Under Secretary.' With this grant the Society vyill have a credit balance of £80, and the sup port i he Association is receiving givus every reason to anticipate that .this year s Show will be the best on record. The world's great Blood-producing Medicine — Nkmia Tonic. Greg Murray, who was seriously injured while riding Fleet Elsie in the Farewell Handicap at the New Year meeting of the Hay J ockey Olub, died at iNarauaera iusg e rinay raoruuig. He had been an inmate of tho. Hay Hospital till a little over a week ago, and left without the concurrence of the medical officor.- He left Hay for Sydney on Wednesday morning, and broke his journey at' Narandera. On Thursday morning he was found un conscious in his bedroom, and was taken to the Narandera Hospital, where he died. A meeting of the committee of the Condobolin P. and A. Association was hold last week, and Mr A. Tu.-ner was elected secretary, vice Mr Tasker, who did noi seek reelection. Mr Gavel stated there was some dis approval of the action of the secretary in carrying out the annual meeiiug contrary to the regulations. The autiou of the secretary had been endorsed by the general mooting, but he considered the new committee should express its disapproval so that future secretaries should not take the late secretn. y's action as a precodeut. He mo red that the committee express disapproval of the action of the secretary in fniling to have his balance sheet and report printed and circulated before the annual meeting. The motion was withdrawn, as it was considered the committee could not over ride the decision of the general meeting. No remedy iu the world equal to Nhhia Tonic — the great Blood-makei. A painfully sudden death occurred on Tuesday evening of last week in tho Narandera Hospital, when Mr John Hay Fowler, manager of Mr A. S. Austin's Bringagee Station, succumbed after a brief illness. Word was ^ent to Narandera on Monday that Mr Fowler had been suddenly taken ill, and Dr Ro'oortsor immediately went out to the station in a motor- car. Ho found the patient in a most critical condition, and telephoned for arrange ments to be made in Narandera for Mr Fowler's recoption, and brought the patient ou by train. Dr. Leth bridge arranged for the sick man to bo placed in the Hospital, in order that every possible chance for life mighb be given him. Notwithstanding all the prooantions taken and the un remitting attention bestowed on the case, Mr Fowler never rallied, and died on Tuesdny night. His sister and brother in-law, Dr. and Mrs. Worrall, arrived during that day. The malady which attacked the de ceased was an acute form of appendi citis, culminating iu a rupture of the appendix. Mr Fowler was only 42 years of ago, and had been in the best of health befov-e the seizure M Fowler succeeded Mr D. R. Maolcod as manager of v^*y vern and Briugagee for the Learmonth Estate in 1899, and remained in that position when ? Mr A. S. Austin purchased the latter I station a couple of years ago. He was regarded as a capable pastoral mauager, and had a strong tnrn for n eohanics. He was tho patentee of the bush-fire cart, and one of the first to apply the ubo of water-sprinklers to bush fires. In his early life he belonged to tho Naval Reserve. Th» deceased was a native of Sydney, boiug a protegee of the late Sir John Hay, who educated him and after wards arranged with Mr Mair for his entering pastoral pursuits at Bringagee He attained Bomo prominence some yoara ago as a light weight amateur rider. The suddeness of Mr Fowler's demise caused quite a shook to his large circle of acquaintances. Mr Fowler was a member of tho Carra thool Shire Council and a director of tho Hay Pastures Protection Board. Baroh Dknman will be appointed to succeed Lord Dudley as Governor General of Australia. The Prime Minister (Mr Fisher), said that Lord Dudley will retire in July uext), and Lord Denman will arrive here about the same time. The new Governor General will be one of the youngest men who has ever held such an important position. He is only 36 years of age, having been bora ou November 16, 1874. The ? Ohief Secretary, Mr Donald Macdonell, who for some time has been in indifferent health, has gone to Mel bourne to recuperate. TnE Minister for Lands, members of the Western Lands Board, and Messr3 Black, Horn, and Meehavi, Mb. L A., will visit Oollarenebri about April 1, aud will then tour the Wes tern divison. Addressing a pnblio meeting at Forbes on the subject of the Federal referendum, Mr Wade drew attention to tne injuries which would be done to New South Wales by the wholesale transfer of powors and their ceutral isation in Melbourne. Mr Fishor says that the argument of tho opponents of the referendum that the vesting of such power in the central Federal authority would mean more Government from Melbourne, is paltry and unworthy. The sale is reported of Kiacatoo Btation, near Condobolin, compris ing 20,082 acres freehold and c.p., and 26,500 aores leasehold, with all stock, to Messrs. J E. Brewer and Woottou. The Cabinet approved a recommen dation by tho Attorney- General (Mr. Holman), that the Governor should be askud to order the release of the yonag man T. E. Brown, who was convicted at tho Wagga Circuit Court of a capital offeiwe on a young woman at Bringagee. It will be remembered that Brown was sentenced to be banged, but was reprieved, and fresh eviaouce iurtuuuiuu*R was further inquired into. The Committee of the Presbyterian Church are making preparations to give a worthy welcome to the Modera tor of the N.S.W, Assembly. servioes on Sunday will be, — Commuuion at 11 a.m., Children's Service at 3 p.m., Evening Service at 7.30 p, m. The Committee hopeto see good attendance at all services. On Monday evening publio reception will be given to the Moderator in the Royal Mail Hall, A good musical programme is being arranged. A correspondent, who sends no signature, comments ou the Depart mental regulations iu regard to the n r . r T _ I. _ .11! ? now or water rrom l/bkh wuuguiuuu into the Lachlan, and contends that same are unreasonable. He points out that this year, although the river was running strongly, the water was allowed to run out of the Lake all the time from the middle of December, and no water was allowed into the Lake. He contends that it would have been better to have stopped the water running out and have had the Lake filled up, and that it is folly to have the river running strong and the Lake Creek running at the same time. He also considers that the regulation which foi bids turning any water iuto tho Lake till the river reaches Booligal is a mistaken policy, and that it would be better to turn every freshet into the Lake and conserve a greater supply, which wonld ensure a longer flow at a moderate height, rather than a high flow for a short time. The Twelve Months' Trip Round the World and £100 in Cash, or a first prize valned at £500, offered by the Eight Hours Committee of Mel bourne in their forthcoming 55th Annual Art Union, is one which excites widespread interest, and usually enlists a very general support. The Commit tee, in consequence, again announce that valuable prize as the first, aud offer in addition 99 others, ranging in value from £100 The support accorded the undertaking last year was so generous that the Committee was enabled to donate a record sum to the Hospitals and Charities, to which the proceeds are devoted. The tickes are only One Shilling each, or 22 for £\\. Residents should purchase direct from the local agent. In dis tricts where no agent is appointed, intending purchasers should apply direct to .tho Representative, MrTheo. W. Heide, 231 Flinders Lane, Mel. bourne, who has acted in that oapacity for many years past. Attention is'drawn to the advertise ment of the sale of North Merrowie Station in this issue. This station is, without doubt, one of the most choice and profitable properties in this part of tiie State. The sheep of North Merrowie are famous for their quality and wool bearing qualities. Fat sheep from Merrowie are always near the top of the market. Hoggets last year averaged nearly 12 lbs of good clean wool to the fleece, and the whole of the sheep shore near 11 lbs to the fleece. Scoured wool from Mer rowie brought 20d in Melbourne a few weekB ago. The run is well wate;3d aud splendidly grassed, the impru/u ments are valuable and substantial, and the homestead one of tbe moat comfortable and well appointed in the distriot. There are few better invest monts'on the market, and it is well worth inspection. The property will be offered by publio auction at Scott's Hotel Melbourne, ou Thursday, April 6ih. 