BOONANYNE BROOK. (By L.B.J.) From the township to the nearest point of Boonanyne Brook is about ten miles of rug- ged riding. At first the road is all that can possibly be desired- hard-metalled, firm, rod-bronzed, as it were, with the lusty life which makes the verdant valley we thread for a long league or more the choicest piece of country in the whole neighbourhood. Or, should we wish a wider view than is to be obtained from tho valley route, we may, if we will, follow the crown of the range, dip- ping I/ere, ascending there, the green turf soft and springy as a velvet carpet, now plunging) precipitously into a leafy hollow, anon rising steeply beneath the grey skele- ton arms of stark and lifeless trees. On our right hand we look down upon the vale, swept to-day by swift sun-shafts and trailing shadows-shine and shade alternat- ing, much as they chequer this changeful life of ours. A slender stream winds through the valley ; greeu pastures border these still waters-a reed-fringed brook, tangled with tall rushes, and overarched by meditative trees whose drooping plumes dip in the sluggish flow, whoso twisted, unsight- ly limbs ard scrofulous with grey-green lichenous growths. Beyond brook and flood- ed flats are low and rounded hills where the young grain bends to the breeze as it ruf- fles on its boisterous way; still further'afield the blue crests of thc remote ranges over- lap one another like the emulous waves of ocean. The deep, densely-timbered ravines that sunder the craggy ridges lie in dark shadow; above them the wooded slopes clutch at the grey skirts of each passing cloud. The high-peaked summits have stolen some of the squandered gold scatter- ed broadcast by the spendthrift sun. Down in the valley pastures the lambs are calling lustily to the ewes as they move slow- ly through the lush meadows. Thc lambs are nearly as big as their mothers' nowa- days; too big, one would think, to draw on the founts of the maternity for their sus- tenance, but they themselves haply seem to consider otherwise. A group of roan and while cattle are huddled together beneath the pensivo WÜIOWR, yonder by a heron haunted pool ; there an old rusty water- wheel has fallen upou evil times of decrepi- tude: and decay. A ruined arch stands near-by, backed by a broken trellis of gnar- led vines which aro already showing their first fresh young shoots. A few leafless fruit trees shiver dolorously as the wind hus- tles them ; the pink and white petals of blos- soming peach and almond bestrew i he ground like confetti-for spring holds high carnival and dares winter do his worst, mocking bim to his haggard fiicc-and a dusky-f-oliaged orange tree makes a gener- ous show of its rich golden store. Overhead the sky has infinite depths of asure ; great snowy- capped clouds-soft cushions foi chubby cherubims winged with rosy tipped pinions-drift serenely on theil way from i he unknown hilo the un know». like our brief human lives only without tile pitiful, peevish restlessuesf which spurs us ever forward ou our course galling us to the cud, be that end bitter"ol sweet as may befall. On our left hand are breezy upland inea> dows, cleft here and there by gloomy gulliei and embossed with groups of. wind-blowr forest trees. Shapely limestone hills, slop ing to the plain, bastion the frowning range Across broad acres, knee deep in natura grasses "as green as emerald," sleek catth and sheep wander at will. From every hill side little sparkling springs leap up and rut bickering down into the valley. The plait itself is of wide extent, and reaches aeawardi in a monotony of bush and scrub unbroket save by the occasional shimmer -of some se questered lake hedged in by sombre ti-trei thicket«, or the brown, wrinkled face of i barren sandplain, the haunt of shy bustarc and shaggy wild pony. At the foot of th< range, on thc very verge of the flats, is i lonely homestead and a few acres of greei clearing. On the far western horizon ari dwarfed sand-dunes, silvery-white as th' steely sun-shafts stab them; further north these dunes risc gradually until they -be como a low line of undulating hills, blue grey with a thin haze the hue of cigbretb «moke. In the middle distance a hog-back cd ridge runs due north and south, her heavily timbered, there bare and sterile, a if soma of thc bristles (to press home the ho, metaphor) have been scrupulously scrapei of its hollowed flanks. There is little attempt at cultivate along the linked hills we are now following they are almost entirety and quite profil ably given over to the grazing of fine flock and herds, which dot the swelling slopes wit splashes of subdued colour-white, blaci roan, and red. Once, in a shallow deprèi sion sheltered by giant gums, we skirt clearing sown with field-peas, hut for th most j?art the paddocks are devoted to stoc that seem to thrive remarkably well, judj ing - by their admirable proportions. Th wire fences which divide paddock from pac dock would be a source of considerable ai noyance. to anyone unacquainted with tl locality; gates are few and far between, an demand a special knowledge as to their pn eise whereabouts. Hardly "a sound brcal thj peaceful stillness of the mild whiter morning, this fitting harbinger of tho" ai preaching springtide. A pallid cuckoo cal from a withered limb, and perhaps a fligl of peevish plovers rise from the rank he bage, disturbed by the steady tramp, tran: of our horses' hoofs. The magpies are in tl big, warted red-gums, warbling throatil; and the shrill-voiced parrakeets are greedi stripping Che sappy rind-off the green your gum-nuts. A mob of black, cockatoos sa away in front of us uttering harsh cries i alarm, but these birds love the Jow-lyir mungite country best, and are seldom to 1 seen up here, except when the waxen bio som of tho flowering gums attracts ther and not them alone, but also busy sworn of vagrant bees that establish flourishh little colonies in the hollow boles of iiuni morial forest trees. Once a large eas drifts athwart the zenith, hovers for a m mont midway betwixt heaven and cart then with the incomparable grace and ea which are among the distinguishing atti ibutes of the hawk kind, soars slowly, mour ing ever higher and higher, wheeling in wii circles, until the upper regions of space 1 cciye him from our sight, and we sec hi again no more. . We are now in the virgin forest lane vast twilight woodlands, where tho tre grow so closely together that in looking upi the serried array the eye soon becomes qui bewildered, and the confused sense loses > capacity of correct judgment, when, uul< one knows the countryside well, ono m; easily bo bushed, in point of fact. T leafy crowns of the trees interlace ov< head, and thc sun's rays fall between the in broad golden bars. The long, mysterio vistas which open out on either hand ha all tho glamour of the unknown; they a full of a soft, greenish haze, infinitely rest! to the eye. On every side a host of stur< young saplings are sjiringine into bein time was when the timber on these hills gti very sparsely, at letfet so: say the few c aboriginal inhabitants of . the district w yet linger among us before' departing to. t happy hunting-grounds wjiich, let us hoi are existent somewhere, considering we have trespassed so unblushingly upon their own terrestrial liberties. Here is a matted un- dergrowth of blackboys and zamia palms, mirrosa, too, and wattles, yellow now with fragrant bloom. All this land for many miles ro'ind is a Government reserve. Pre- sently we leave the thickly-timbered coun- try and emerge on a scrubby hill, or rather a sandy plateau, where a sprinkling of stunt- ed bankVas flaunt their red and orange cones defiantly in our faces. Three big brown kangaroos bound off before us through the scrub, scattering the loose sand behind (hem as they pursue their panic stricken flight, and so disappear over the crest of a gradual rise. Already the spring has passed this way; where her hesitating feet trod the earth wild flowers lovely of form and huo have sprung up, intent on making the most of their too brief lives, so full of colour, perfume, and delicate design. Here is the frail blue 01 chid, clasping close its slim stemmed chalice, in which ihe dew- pearl dropped by tho fairy godmother night yet lies all aglisten. Crimson and sold on the upland slopes yonder, purple and mauve at our feet, aud green everywhere, veined here pul t here wi ia scarlet and palest blush lese. From the butting brow of the plateau we look down into a deep gorge. Below us, the leafage of tho bauksias has a silver grey tint as it catches the swift arrow-shafts of the sun. The sun is now at bitter feud with great billowy cloud-battalions which hurry inland from the sea. As far as the eye can reach- are hills-hills cleft and gush- ed by rocky gullies and rugged ravines; hills dense with tall red-gums ; hills nude save for a scanty underbrush and a few weazened, puny growths', low insignificant hills; hills steep aud craggy which overtop their com- panions and dominate them by the right of superior size and sheer massive etreugth ; hills green and grey and golden, as the foliage of the forest trees varies, and as light and shadow chase one another from slope to verdant slope-the sheen of the banksias like silvery threads on a tapestry of living green, the dull russet and tawny gold of wide tracts where the flames of fierce bush-fires raged during thc sweltering summer season, and the deep, deep violet blue of the distant ranges, where hill and cloud and sky blend with one another, intermingling, and, as dusk descends, unite in one indissoluble, formless, indistinguishable whole. Hills everywhere, and the dreamy day dozing on to noon. A place of great silences, broken only by stealthy whisperings; the twitter of a quest- ing bird, the soft sough of the wind tu the fern, the faint rustling of dead and withered leaves ; these alone come to us here, the i elfin music of Pan's pipes, and, in memorable moments, titos?, sweeter, more mystic me- '> Icdies that are unheard savs in the iuner ir-ost. denths nf (he ROUI. But ¡vt thc close ol' a wild winter'3 day of Etci-n and rtress, iii;- forsst n full of strange, uncanny hounds -(lie angry roar of th; tsii'pcst as it grap- ples the straining trees, the shuddering groan of tho tc-ns.?-tbowed, swaying giant as its gnarled limbs yield to a force far mightier "than its own, the sibilant hiss of the arrowy rain as the grey-winged clouds close in upon thc hills, hovering ere they descend like huge, ungainly birds of prey, shrouding peak and spur, cleft gorge and desolate ravine in the sombre gloom of their sinister presence. Surely brooding solitude, banished from so many of her old-time haunts by,the swift invasion of mankind, has here at least a sure fastness wherein site may bide secure aud dream undisturbed her fond dreams of ancient, supreme sovereignty in those days when she was undisputed mis- tress of the world, not as now an outcast and an alien, for ever fleeing before the ruthless face of her despotic conqueror. Descending a gentle declivity, crowned by ] a rugged ironstone outcrop, we skirt the j extreme edge of an extensive jarrah forest. ; The pale grey trunks and the lustreless leaves of these trees are in striking contrast with thc burnished foliage and the swarthy stems of the big red-gums. Some of the jarrah has been felled-years ago. Every now and again we come across a disused saw- pit, half choked with debris, and overgrown with a matted tangle of weeds and thorny shrubs. Here, too, are the massive butts of fine old trees, deep-bitten by the keen edged axe, and mutilated skeleton shapes, long prone, whose rigid starkness the artist touch of Time has wonderfully toned down, bedizening them with greenest mosses and clinging lichens of all loveliest hues. A short ride through the jarrah and we reach Boon auyne Brook. On its bank is a decrepit stockyard, a weather-worn, sagging struc- ture which has not been used for its original purpose within the memory of man, al- though stray cattle still wander in their no- . madic fashion through this barren region, , and are periodically rounded-up, not with- out difficulty. At this spot we are about two miles from the head ot the brook, which is situated in the very heart of tho ranges. For five miles or more the stream winds be- tween lonely forest-clad hills, trending ever downwards, until at last it emerges upon Beermullah Plain, and, opening out, floods with its reluctant waters a wide stretch of scrubby flats. . Following the course of the brook upwards towards its source, we soon have the jarrah forest behind us and are amongst the red- gums and banksias once again. Tho sur- rounding country is of the poorest descrip- . tion, looking at it from a utilitarian point of view. The sandy, sparsely-timbered hills , slope abruptly to the strnam-a mere trickle, this despite recent rains. There are no rich alluvial flats, as is the case with Gingin Brook, which lies but ¿bree or four miles dis- tant in a south-easterly direction-nothing but sand and dwarfed growths, aud breast high brake-fern in sheltered hollows. Dense thickets of ti-bush border the brook ; flagged ? pools of bronze-brown water are close-set with reeds and nodding bulrushes; here the shy wildfowl lurk secure, and--the plump mallard preens the glossy green plumage of his wings. At dusk the loud trumpet-call of the wild 6wan sounds from the tangled sedges, and coot and moorhen cry harshly as they scurry ¿way into the thickest cover. During the past'suralner (tho brook has been swept for nearly a mile by a frost-fire of surprising destructiveness. Every bush has been burnt; the drooping leafage of the flooded gum is scared and shrivelled. Even J;he sturdy ti-trees collapsed before the fierce" onslaught of the flames, and now lie pros-, trate, stemming the stripling stream, their knotted roots all charred and blackened by the consuming conflagration. The very banks of the brook itself have been asmoülder; it appears as if the decaying vegetable deposits of countless centuries has made peat of the black, sun-dried soil, and upon it the greedy flames glutted themselves when nought else remained for them to devour. But now the first fresh shoots of spring are clothing the bare unsightly elopes in a garb of softest green. Passing out of the fire zone, we come upon a timber-hewer's deserted -camp. It looks dreary and forsaken enough to-day with its forlorn skeleton shape, its floor still strewn with sodden rushes and faded fern.. The ruined habitations of humanity, however temporary (and we .make but a brief sojourn of it at best), are always profoundly affect- ing to the majority of us. Their very deso- lation, tbe air of glamourless mystery which hangs about them in their decrepitude stimu- lates the imagination,' and sets us pondering on the where aud whither of the unknown who aforetime called these empty, crumbling shells by one of the fondest and most en- during names the tongue of man ever coined in the golden mint of speech. And who is there among us whose way, however lonely, does not at certain recurrent seasons take him, maybe by secret paths and ragged home? 'nie bed of the stream widens out as we approach its source. The red-bronze reeds march in open order now, and a stealthy wind rustles the pennons of their militant, high-held spears. Two or three cynical crows waver overhead, trailing dark sha- dows on bush and shrub. A leaden crow shrike calls shrilly from a koojet thicket, and a bevy of dusky minaba are quarrelling shrewishly in a clump of flowering banksias. A scarlet-capped robin flits ahead of us, pausing every »ow and then to swing on a leafy spray; the vivid crimson of his breast plumage flames like a tongue of living fire. Presently he darts across the brook and vanishes from our ken. There is a tit, or a wren, or perhaps a noisy honeyeater in each tangled thicket wo thread. Occasionally" a brush kangaroo races off through the scrub, a grey, flying form. A colony of bees have their hive in tho roots of a giant red-gum. Part of their cherished store is all too plain- ly visible for safety ; the oozy waxen cells aro distinctly tempting, and the buzzing swarm, fresh from fragrant wild bud and blossom, hover about their snug abode, in- tent on adding to the fruits of their tireless industry. Narrow, well-worn brumby pads lead down to dark,' shadowy pools of the brook; along these rude tracks the un- kempt, keen-eyed bush ponies troop at early dawn, when pale-golden gleams of au un- earthly light shine. through the thin grey mists that veil tho drowsy hills, and the frail pink petals of the rsle of morning rest gently on the pearly bosom of the 6ky. At dusk, too, when the fitful bats twist and turn'in swift'flight, when the camp fires of the departed day flare up redly in the west, encarmiuing the sable-mantled clouds, and in the deep Saffron rifts of the scudding tack, the wan stars swarm like homiug bees. In- deed, ' this remote wilderness of hill and gorge is a sure sanctuary for the shy deni- zens of bush and forest and stream. j Teal and sheldrake paddle to and fr» on the sullen pools of the brook. Coot and grebe* push hither and thither among the rushes. The spindle-shanked emu stalks sedately through thc matted scrub, and great mobs of kangaroos feed in sequestered hollows. Here the savage wild dog makes night hideous with his mournful howling, more weird and melancholy than the wail of the fabled Banshee. Advancing civilisation is gradually driving him further and further afield, so that his lawless taste for mutton is kept in wholesome check, save on special and much anathematised occasions. Some- times a flock of bustards visits the eaudy plateaus of the range, faut as a rule these fine birds keep to the coastal,flats, their favourite feeding-grounds, away yonder on the vast expanse of lonely plain that lies between the hills and the eand-dunes which dip their white feet in the foam of the rest- . less sea. The lordly eagle builds and breeds here, having his huge, ragged nest at tho I summit of some inaccessible tree ; and folcon and goshawk aro for ever hovering and swooping above craggy mountain peaks, tire- lessly on the alert for prey. A passing shower that drifts mistily along the range has set the seal of au old-time pro miso upon ¿be open scroll of the heavens a, beautiful fast-fading bow. The sun's rays [ strike dazzlingly on the rain-drenched leaves of the tall forest trees, so that each branch and twig sparVles with the changeful lustre of diamond, ruby, sapphire, and pearl. High above the bald brow of a lofty hill a buz- zard hangs motionless in midair; only his wide- spread wings v,ibra£e slightly as tho jealous wind strives vainly to disturb bia easy equilibrium. All about us joyous) wood swallows wheel and dart, twittering gaily as they go. Bo we come at last to the head of the brook. This is situated in a veritable "cul de-sac," surrounded on every side by an amphitheatre-of densely-timbered hills, from whose proud crests a far-reaching plateau stretches in unbroken sameness of a league upon desolate league. The source of the stream, au ambcr- hucd pool fring- ed with pliant reeds, is set in a cup- like depression of the ground, ringed round by a prolific growth of ti-bush. and spear- wood thicket. The water percolates through, the sandy soil at the base of a steep emin» , ence, and falling into the natural basin be- low, starts thence upon its devious journey through the lonely ranges, until at length it opens out, as has already been said, into a series of shallow lakes which star tho level surface of Beermullah's extensive Plain. 