RURAL TOPICS ? Mostly Celled from the Cotmtry Press " Clearing is now in foll swing right throughout the Blackwood. Appar- ently a larger area of bosh will be sub- dued this year than ever previously. Tiie work on the Goomalling-Wongan Hills line is proceeding satisfactorily, 23 miles of rails being laid and ready for traffic. The work the Gogpmmcnt is carry- ing out io connection with the Stir- ling drainage scheme is progressing very slowly. Bushfires have rendered the atmos- phere around Narrogin most oppres- sive, and general discomfort has been the result. The annual conference of Producers will be held at the Technical School, St. George's Terrace, on the 10th, 11th, 12th, and 13th April. A commencement was made last Thursday by a gang of men at New- town on the clearing necessary for the 'draining of the swamps. The Goomalling district is in lor a prosperous time if one t akes as any cri- terion the arrival of agric4Ït:iral ma- chinery at the station yard lor the past two months. 3fr. Wild, of the Agricultural Impert- inent, is calling tenders for the exca- vation of 1000-yard dam on lí»serve 7140, about eight miles north of Dum- bleyung. A considerable amount of clearing and burning-off is being done in the Capel district at present, to enable the planting of a large area with potatoes next season. The Pingelly water scheme, which bas been so long delayed, and appar- ently so badlv mis-managed from start to finish, will, it is stated, be com- pleted within a week or so. Good progress is being made with the snagging of Collie river, an extra team of bollocks having been put on, which greatly facilitates the work, and DO doubt will greatly benefit the set- tlers on the river. The potato crops at Roelands are looking excellent, promising a good yield, and it looks as if the whole crop will be required for seed pur I poses. Mr. E. M. Clarke's are parti ' cu]arly good. A very sharp frost occurred on "the morning of March 19 over a por- tion of the Upper Blackwood district. Tomatoes, Cape gooseberries and potatoes were killed outright in some instances. A party of men have arrived at Three Springs to commence the puddling of tlie old dam, and it is to be hoped for the welfare of the district that the sinking of the new dam will be com- menced in time so as to be in readi- ness for the winter rains. The Dowerin people are just waking up to the evils of the stinkwort curse, the weed being of prolific growth out that way. It also grows to some ex- tent in Toodyay. The Avon river is chock full of it, ano; presently stink- wort areas will be thrown open by the Government for selection at about ls. 9d. per acre.-"Newcastle Herald." Mr. G. C. Money, of Willoughby orchard, is the first fruit-grower from Waterloo to consign fruit London wise. Up to the present several hun- dred cases have left Waterloo this sea- son for^the hub of the universe from the above orchard, and there are more to follow, eo it's feasible to expect Waterloo apples to be in evidence dur- ing Coronation junketing. The prudence of mixed farming in the Yilliminning locality has been amply manifested, and its adoption is increas in the valley is wirenetting his hold- ing in preparation for sheep. Messrs. M. Kelly, M'Donald and Matson, Wat- ers, Connell, Donaldson and Kilpat- rick, although all very successful wheat growers, have decided to "ñv wool with wheat. ing every day. Almost A meeting was held at Mr. M'Corry's homestead at Noongarrin for the pur- pose of -forming a progress associa- tion. Mr. M'Corry was in the chair. A motion was agreed to that a pro- gress association be formed, and that those present form themselves^ into a provisional committee. Mr. M'Corry was elected actings-chairman, and Mr. Grundy acting-secretary. A general meeting of settlers will he held to-day to, follow the matter up. The Agricultural surveyor, Mr. X. Neaugher, has just, picked out- a site fe- a dam at Wongan in a very good position, and close to the town, lt is to be hoped that it will be made large enough to ensure a good supply of water. Mr. Wilson, the Government surveyor, has received instructions to. start the survey for the railway on from the terminus of the present con- tract. The . weather is much < ooler, and Wongan is presenting a busier appearance. Parcel post facilities have just been extended to the post office, and should prove a boon to the town. The last load of wheat for the sea- son came into the Yilliminning siding, brought in by Mr. W. O'fiourke, of Yil- liminning Pool. Although averages are not up to the anticipations of a few months back still a very large quantity of grain was harvested in this ' district. At present 7000 bags are stacked at the siding, the whole of which should be railed to Fremantle in a few days. Signs of progress are noticeable all around the district. Just now a large number of men are em- ployed clearing ¡and burn¿ng-ofi", and a much larger area than ever will be put under in the coming season. Ai ter the severe experience of last year,- -the ' present summer has been singularly immune from bush fires in the Blackwood histrict- One reason undoubtedly was the thorough clcar ing-up which the bush experienced last season, and another was the fact that just it tho time when the fires are usually most prevalent, the rain came. Notwithstanding the severity of the summer, the loss sustained in regard to first year's fruit trees this year has been remarkably light. Several planters assess their losses at some balf-a- dozcn or po apiece, and consider themselves remarkably fortunate to have pulled oift mo easily. Vincent Bros. are making good head- way with the Kojonup-Boyup line. * A number of men are now at work at the Kojonup end, and great progress is being made. The official estimate of the Victo- rian wheat harvest is placed at 31,814.019 bushels, or about 6,000,000 bushels more than the previous sea- son. This works out at aa average of 14-52 bushels per acre, a Victorian re- cord. Farmers in and around the Cunder- din district have commenced seeding operations, and very little will bo seen of them in the town for the next six weeks or two months. The ground is still very dry, and rain is eagerly looked for. Straying stock are still causing Goo- malling residents considérable annoy- ance in their search for water, several camps having been broken into and damage done. Mo one seems to own or to be in any way interested, in these dumb creatures. Perhaps when the pound is built and ready things jwill alter. 