HUGE BUSH FIRE. 100 Miles Around. WENTWORTH, January 10. A most disastrous bush fire is raging on the back country of the Mallee Cliffs Sta tion, the recently acquired property of Messrs. Chaffey, Salmon, & Dunne, also of Morara, Tolarno, and Cuthero Stations, and the adjoining country known as No Man's Land. It was at first rumoured that all the back country from the bores near Euston to Arumpo, the back station of Tar- coola, Prungle, Franks Plains, Tapio. Tur- lee, and several homesteads, including those: of Messrs. Watts, Borrman, Weaver, Hippisly, Williams, and Barnfield were burnt, but telephonic communication proved otherwise. The fire is supposed to have started on the Mallee Cliffs Station, about 15 miles straight out back from Mr. David Wickett's lease on the River Murray, and spread rapidly on the right as far as the bore near Euston (River Murray) out- back, taking No Man's Land, and extend ing toward Arumpo at the back of Tar coola Station on the River Darling, and to the left to within five miles of the Wam berra boundary, the property of Mr. S. Byrnes. That portion is being handled by 100 men, while Euston have mustered strongly to beat it at their end. At the back all hands from the back stations are pouring in armed with all the latest fire fighters. This, together with assistance from the Darling settlers and residents from Wentworih and Mildura, the fire should be beaton. All around it extends 30 miles long and 20 miles back, and is esti mated to be 100 miles around. Crowds of volunteers are ready to exchange places with those at the scene of action. The water and provision difficulty pre vents the forces already there from being more than doubled. It is the biggest fire seen for 50 years, and if prompt action had not been taken it is thought the whole of the lower Dar ling on the eastern side would have been burnt out. News is anxiously awaited from those in charge of the fire. The fact that Tapio and Turlee are in the immediate vicinity of the fire would lend colour to the rumour that Tapio Station (the pro perty of Mr. E. A. Barfeld) was on fire, but, fortunately, the stations are many miles apart, with Wamberra between them. 1If the Tapio Station had become alight all the adjoining leases, as mentioned, would most assuredly have been visited. The rumour that a fire had broken put between the Avoca and Mavina Station bounda ries proved untrue. 