Mostly Culled from, the COUNTRY PRESS _ BB«BBMM..MaBDTBaaraBa«>aaaBaKsBaBaacaBaBBaBaaaBaaaaaBt ?aaaBaaräBaaaaaaaaaaaaBaaaaaaB«aD««aB«aaaa«aa«aaBaaaaBaaBaaaaaaBBB9Ba During January 1100 tons of wheat | passed over the Bolgertr-Gtackline I line, equal to 13,200 bags, producing £590 in revenue. The burning season at York opened on Feb. 15, but judging from ap- pearances many fires were started the day previous. Bush fires are prevalent around the Cunderdin district, aud large areas of tountry have been cleared by them, although little or no damage has been done. A bush fire has been raging in the Williams district. It has done ex- tensive damage, burning1 off the grass paddocks of Messrs. G. S. F. Cow- cher and Haynes. Every week new settlers are arriv- ing, en route to the Ongerup coun- try, which promises, to be another large contribution to the wheat ywM. A Progress Association has been formed at Kulinn, and would like to get inte touch with other such associations as to their methods, etc. | Mr. Jones is the secretary. A good deal of tue stone fruit sent | to market this year has been, over- ripe, and in some cases it arrived at the auction rooms in a state of pulp. Wheat carting is in full swing, and the railway yards at Broomehill are full of teams all day unloading the golden grain. The stack of wheat is already becoming very prominent, and speaks well for the future wel- fare of the district. Another large wheat steamer is ex- pected to arrive at Geraldton .during the second week in March. It is not definitely known yet how much this vessel will take away, but, probably, she will ship a similar quantity to that which the s.S. Jarreta loaded. The contractors for the Goomal- ling-Wongan line are making good progress, and are now receiving wheat at Boarabsetgey-eight mites north of Goomafiáag. The rails are laid almost to Mr. Cutty's home- stead at Batbratting. Harvest operations are about over at South Dale, and most of the wheat has gone to market. Although some patches went very high, the general average per acre is low. Last week a young man, Bob Wil- liams by name, offered for a bet to carry three bags of wheat up 20 feet of the stack at Wickepin. This he is said to have accomplished. Perhaps he may get up a match with some other Wickepin Hercules. The burning season commenced at Beverley on Feb. 16. The district on rall sides is enveloped in volumes of smoke, and this, together with the natural heat of the sun, makes the weather very oppressive, and condu- cive to stubborn thirsts, which take a great deal of liquid refreshments to alleviate. The Narrogin people are quite ela- ted over the fact that two repair- ing or clearing pits are in course of construction in their railway yards. This and other matters are causing them to be very optimistic as to Narrogin's chance of being the cen- tral railway depot of the G-S.R. _ The Narrogin " Observer " says :. In addition to Mr. Fox, the dis- trict surveyor, there are now three draughtsmen employed in the local Lands office. This number is, we understand, to be still further in- creased at an early date, in pursu- ance of the policy of decentralising the Lands Department, introduced a few months back. I The wheat crops at Dulbelling did I not come up to the last, on the whole, though some good averages [ were obtained, ranging from 10 to 20 bushels. The siding presents a busy appearance, thousands of bags being sent away : a special train every dey is trying to keep ahead of things, Those who have finished carting are already cultivating their fallow land in readiness for the coming season. Work for clearers, fencers, etc., is plentiful, but the men are scarce. Mr. G. H. Smith, a farmer, whose holding is situated about four miles from Dowerin, reports that he has discovered the existence of stinkwort on land which the Government took over from Mr. E. Cottrell, for rail- way purposes, within half a mile of the Dowerin station. He states that four or five acres of the land are more or less covered with the weed, and that immediate, steps should: be taken to secure its eradication, as it may be expected, to seed in a month or so, and in that case will probably spread over a large extent of country. Hot weather continues at Tammin, and bush fires are , the order of the day. A considerable area of green timber and scrub has been burnt, and also several paddocks of stubble that were being reserved for feed. Large quantities of wheat are still being trucked away. The new loop line in I the railway yard is finished, and the goods shed, the ramp and cattle yards are nearing completion. Large quanti- ties of fertilisers, drills and cultiva- tors are arriving daily. There should be a large increase in the area under crop this season. Three clearer» named Shiples', Haines and Oats, employed by Mr. Burkett, East Narrogin, had the mis- fortune to lose the whole of their camp, including clothes, bedding; valuables, and other effects to the extent of fully £60, owing to a bush fire which had been, raging in the dis- , trict coming up unawares. The men made strenuous efforts to cope with the flames, but without success, and i in a few minutes they stood destitute , of all but the few clothes upon their backs. Truly the bush worker needs a heart like a lion. The town and station yard at Dow- erin daily present a busy appear- ance, as teams consisting of from three to ten horses can be seesi arriv- ing with waggons-full of grain for shipment to the market. Farmers in the district are preparing for next season, and already the northern end of the station yard is literally pack- ed with cultivators awaiting to be taken away by their various owners. This speaks volumes for the work to be accomplished next season in the way of cultivation, no less than 70 machines beäng in the yard, whilst a large number have already been taken away. Burning-off waS commenced in slim earnest on Thursday week list, with the result that the atmosphere was thick with smoke, and the temperature was augmented to the extent oí several de- grees. On the Friday in Northam the official reading- was 107 degrees, where- ¡ as in Perth on the same day the best ' the glass could do was 91, so that an appreciable portion of the 1C surpbis i degrees of caloric energy with which t Northamites were favored was most | unmistakably due to the burning-off. "When the moon rose at ten in the even- ing it wore such a htood-red aspect as to fill the minds of the timid and su- perstitious with gloomy foreboding». Travellers by train state that fires have been burning in every direction, and there is thus early evidence that a large area of new land is to be put under cul- i tivation this year. "" ' Mr. S. F. Moore, M.L.A.has deci- ded to build another store at Don- garra, to replace the one destroyed by the recent fire- The location of the new store will be opposite the Don- garra HoteL Some of the young Blackwood orchards have had a somewhat try- ing time this summer. Not only the extended dry spell troubled them con- siderably, but they have been wor- ried with numerous pests. Not the least among these has been an un- usual number of grasshoppers which have proved very destructive. Full advantage of the burning sea- son is being taken from the very jump by landholders around Narro- gin, and the fierce glare of bush-fires is everywhere visible, with the usual accompaniment of dense volumes of smoke. Needless to say, climatic conditions are the theme of general disapproval. The Wickepin district is certainly much iu advance of most newly-set- i tied districts, and this is convincing- ly proved by the bustle that is at all times noticeable at the railway- station, where, it is estimated, thou- sands oí tons have been trucked dur- ing the past month. This immense traffic was dealt with by the station master, upon whom also devolves the duties of clerk and porter. Although the officer has carried out his work with commendable diligence, it is es- sential that he should be provided with assistance, as it is next to impossible for one man to deal with the work. The present strain must be relieved, and it is imperative that representa- tions to that end be immediately made to head- quarters. ' Farmers and residents of Cunder- din alike are loud in their. condemna- tion of the Railway Department in not carxyktg out their promises re- garding a crane for the unloading of goods. Some months ago the Com- missioner of Railways, when waited upon by the Progress Association, made a definite promise that a crane would be provided before the busy season started, but despite this fact there is no sight of the crane yet. The only thm¡r the department has done in the way of improvement (?) is to place a few loads of gravel on the already far too small ramp, which greatly inconveniences people using the same. At the present ¡ time persons receiving goods such as farming implements have, to get them off "the trucks as best they ca» at great expense, as well as taking a risk of breaking the parts. The same may be said of heavy cases of merchandise. 