?-" ;-i Mostly Culled from the COUNTRY PRESS There is about 7ft- of water In Lake Ninan, and it looks as though it -wonk! ia^rt through the summer. Harvesting is not <jaite finished at New Norcia yet, and it is found that the yield is a good deal lower than usual Crops beyond the fence are not stripping- up to expectations in a {rood many parts, but some report 24 bushels, which, is not a bad crop at all. Dangin was the scene of a big con- flagration on Wednesday week last, thc fire tating place in one of Mr. J. S. W. Parker's paddocks, in which was stacked about 1000 bags of wheat. Por. some time past there has been a good deal of talk re the removal of Dulbelling Siding one and a t»lf miles eastward, lt has at least been definitely decided not to remove the siding. Seven Danes (immigrants) were dis- tributed two weeks ago in the Wicke- pin district, and reports indicate ¡that they have given every satisfac Itlon. From some quarters there inwe ib*en further applications for men, Danes specially preferred. A fire occurred at Lake Hines last week. It broke out on tbe road from some unknown cause, and «went right through the blocks owned by Mr. Ro- llinson, Mr. Whooley (of Perth), and Mr. Miller (of Meckering). A part of Mr. Myers' block was also tra- ] versed. ' j Harvesting at Dumbleyung is in full swinp. The average will be some- what snort of last year's yield, still there are some fine crops. Federa- tion and Yandilla King will be the heaviest yields. The early crops are much better than those sown in May and June. The dtstrict average will ;be a-.)0'il 18 bushels. Two heavy thunderstorms occurred at ¿loora on Monday and Tuesday, .lan. 2 and 3. The rainfall registered was 80 and 152 points respectively. The storms only lasted shout an ho ir on each occasion, and the town I appeared about f.b>> centre, ttve rain j falling within an area of a few miles on'y. Dr. F- S. Butler was the loser of some 60 or 70 acres of crop by fire on his farm near Jacob's Well. For tun-tMy the fire was prevented from spreading; into adjoin'n* . promises, wii'h the exception oí Mr. Taylor's hol din?, where a few acres ot grass were destroyed. The origin of the fire is unknown. The 6>*nivnd tor trucks for shifting the hurvcRt is becoming acute throu rh out the agricultural districts. It it now reported that the trucks thrown ovt of «se hy the firewood strike era the fields are to be e<mt down to re- lievo the pressure. In the matter of labor, also, the department is .hard j presspd. nnd a lot. of overtime ia, be- j ing worked in all branches. j .M movement ii? on foot at Bolgart ¡ and WytinVe to have the r utwav sta- tion at the former place removed to dry ground, lt will be rememberer! * that th1?' station is in the maJdle of the Bolgart Swamp, and has ever since been in such an in access aide con dit'on as to cause coi^deraSle bad lanrfuaçre from and inconvenience to j those desirious of using it. . Numerous complaints are being made in regard to the lack of a brid-re over I the Welleslev Eiver on the Coust- road, j near the State Farm. The Govern- j ment opened a big estate there and sold a number of blocks. Many ol these, it seems, are quite inaccessible in winter time, causing considerable in- convenience to the settlers. A move- ment is afoot to bring the matter un- der the notice of the Premier, with a view to reraerlvin? the undoubted dis- advantage which prevails. Wheat is arriving rapidly at Goo- malling now, and agents have been very 'busy during the week trucking the grain away. Harvesting at Tammin is nearly finished, and the crops are turning out well, 6ome going as high as ten bags to the acre. , A fire occurred at Mr. Boger Glee son's Walyomammrra property on January 1, and destroyed about 90 acres of crop, lt is stated that the crop was insured. The bush-fire season is apparently in, conflagrations in plenty raging in the Collie district. Dense clouds of smoke by day and bright sky reflections by night on Friday and Saturday last, in the Preston direction, suggested that a particularly strong fire was blazing in that locality. The new year has started very warm at East Chapman. It is very suitable for stripping, ansi very little time bas been wasted, daring the holidays. The crops in the neighbor- hood are turning oat very well, and will average fully 16 bushels, some going as high as 23 bushels. The late sown will strip as low as 10 or 12 bushels per acre. A disastrous bush fire broke out at the gardens known as "The Swamp." situated some miles north-west ol Northampton. The owners of the gardens (Messrs. Box and feoyd) are singularly unfortunate, as they were burnt out some two years or so ago. The fire raged on Saturday and Sun- day, sweeping north almost as far as Trevenson. lite half-dozen immigrants who came to the Geraldton Home on Friday week were Swedes who "cannot talk a word of English. Because of their in- ability to understand what is being said to them, these mon have had some difficulty in securing places, far- mers being loath to engage them. Two have been provided with situations, but the other four have not yet ob- tained work. Harvesting operations are well ad- vanced at CoUaniiiing, and by ail ac- counts thc yields are not up to pre- vious years. The frosts have done a good deal more damage' than was an- ticipated to many of the crops, while thc excessive rain duri no- the winter played hâves with all Aow-lying land. Those of Mr. J. Sprigg and Messrs. Painter Bros. seem to have topped thc poll with 15 bushels. In fact the general tal s. is not ho-v many bags to the acre, but how ninny acres to t:ie bag, or how many stripper boxes full a day. The "Newcastle Herald" says :-"Our railway svstem is becoming under mined, evidence of which glares at you from the diriy railway t.a :inrs, buaipy carriages and tired and worn-out ex- pressions of some of the employees. Our railways are becoming quite ec- centric. In Toodyay, for instance, it is not now possMc to load s'-eep at the trucking i-ards in a proper man uer ; the sheep f >1! through the gana- way (it's a positive fact), and the spectacle of a farmer (cursinar -lohn T. Short and his meanness) chasing his escaped sheep round the Toodyay rail ivay vards is o? occurrence." The hon. secretary of the Mount Marsr.a!l Progress Association re- ports :-"'A v.e!l-atte:idfd e¡.t¡ntT of this association was held on thp 2£th ult.. Mr. O'Grady occupying the chair. The hon. secretary reported 1' that a deputation from the as-^ocia tioi, headed hy Senator de Largie, waited on the Deputy Postmaster ¡ General with a re jucst that, the dis j trict tx» provided with a weekly mail servi<-e, to cost £50 per annum. Both the Deputy Postmaster-General and the l'oKtmaster-tloneral (Hr. .Tosiah Thomas), who was present at the in- terview, agreed to pay £40 per an- num towards the cost of the service. lt was unanimously agreed that the association should contribute the balance of £]<;. A deputation from the association also waited on tai? Acting U.S. for A?TicuIttire with re- ference to improvements in the water supply. The Acting Undsr-Secretary promised to have the wells and soaks in the district attended to where ne- cessary, and to have two dams put down. The whole would be put in band at once. It was decided to ap- proach the Hon. Premier, through the member for the district, request- ing- the appointment of a justice oí the peace, and it was unanimously agreed to submit the name of Mr E. J. Pergande for the position. A hearty vote of thanks was accorded Senator de Laro-ie and Mr. P. O'Logh len, M.L.A., Jor their assistance to the association." A Cranbrook correspondent saids along :-"The crops in this district, I am sorry to say, are not up to what they have been in previous years, but there are some good crops this s<?a son, and from what I can see all the crops that were put in as they should have been are turning out fairly good. There are a lot of farmers who simply plough thc ground, sow the grain and then let it remain, while the farmer who bas cleaned out the furrows to cope with the surface water has ample crop to pay him for his labor-. My experience is that sand, properly cultivated, with the furrows cleaned out to cope with the flood waters in the winter, gives me the good crop I have. Harvest Is in full swing at present, and the yield is beyond expectations. The people on the Frankland River and .the set- tlers further out, west of theG.S.R., are going to hold a monster meet- ing shortly, to bring before the Go- vernment the desirability of con- structing a railway from Cranbrook to hit the Klojonup-Boyup lins. This would open country eoual to any land in «ie State. This district is capable of producing wheat, oats, or any bind of grain crops as well as root crops or fruit. There are thou- sands of acres lying idle, and if that line' were constructed it would mean settlement for hundreds of people. It is only about 70 miles from Cran- brook to the Kojonap-Boyup line, which is but a short distance to run a line for the amount of good land it would open up." Do not forget* that core means profit in any departarcnt of the work of thu [ farm, and it does not cost much to provide ali of it that is needed. Wheat is coming in to Dowccm in large quantities now, and teams can , be seen coming daily from all direc j lions laden with the precious grain. Despite the fact that the harvest is not turning out as gocd as last year no less than 20,600 bags of wheat have been sent away from .there already this [ season. The Dowerw-Merredin line, I which has now reached the . 45£ mile, ' has been responsible for a large per I cen ta gu of the shipment. I Mr. S. Roberts, of Waldering (ll miles wost of Woodanilling) suffered heavy loss on December 30, when the i fire fiend licked up 96 acres of oats ¡and 10 to 15 tons of hay. The fire ! originated from some unknown cause near the homestead. Mr. Roberts ? was at the time engaged stripping in the field, and narrowly .saved a new I harvester. Willing helpers were soon on the scene, and after hard battling succeeded in subduing tho ñames and thereby saving another 200 acres of excellent crop belonging to Mr. Ro- berts. The atmospheric conditions om Jan. 2, pointed to ¿he thunder-storm which . brodie over York in the afternoon. '. About half past two the tbonder oom I menccd and at three o'clock the rain i came down very heavy, lasting tor !about two hours. The total points registered were 42. At Mr. Davis' j farm on the Clackline road fche lightsi i got amongst the turkeys, killing j three outright, whilst two more have ; been go'ng about since as if they were ! silly. Various accounts from other ; parts of the districts bave been re I ceived. and although no loss has been ; reported the fencing in some parts ! suffered severely. j "Harvester" writes to the "Gerald- ton Express" :-"One sometimes hears j of excellent returns secured by farmers j from small paddocks. Here are a i couple of j genuine cases : Mr. fi. j Thompson, of Moonyoonooka, planted j a patch of 14 acres rather late. He ! put in 401b. of seed per acre (all he : had) alone: with 751b. of s-jper. The j vield, 20 bushels per acre, was exeel : lent, considering the Herat seeding and ; the lateness of the operations. Mr. ! J olin Gould, on the Eastern-road, har-" I vested two paddocks of 12 acres each. ! One paddock yii-i.-ir -i 1 :. .;>-->?.. and tho ' other 106 bags. That is an excellent i return." ! Bmsh fires have bern very prevalent this season in the Berkshire Valley district, and during the last week of the year probably the most severe one yet experienced occurred. Travelling from the north with a strong north- easterly wind, many large holdings were devastated, in several instances homesteads being savted with difficulty For miles north of Berkshire the coun- try was burned off. At Pearce and Hunter's the fire actually reached the stocks consisting of hay and 1000 bags of wheat, and these were only saved by the free use of water. The whole of Mr. Bullock's paddocks - were swept and also several other holdings in the vicinity. Another fire started at Blythe's farm, and did a good deal of damage to the holdings of Messrs. Fane, Maloney, Jones and others. Mr. Maloney lost fihe whole of his 60 acre 'crop and grasa. The new settlers on Narra Tarra are all making a move, and steady progress is noticed in all directions. Clearing is the order of the day with most of them. Mr. Hounslow was fortunate In hav- ing a part of his country almost cleared, allowing- him "to set a decent little crop in. Mr. Johnston has worried about 40 acres down for next year, and in- tends getting more done before sowing time. Mr. Hutchinson was onry able to get in a few acres on his valuable clear- ed property, but he had the luck to get a fairly good self-sown crop, which he sold as it stood in the field. Mr. Mitchell bas fallowed about 400 acres ready for sowing. Presumably the lat- ter is going to try cattle, as there are about 150 head on the run. Mr. Evans, a new settler from Sandstone, has got about the best block on the estate, bar the homestead block. Two or three hundred acres in this holding- were rung five or six years ago, and this he in- tends to have under crop next year. Mr. Evans has been lucky in striking a plentiful supply of fairly good water. The West Bros. have about 50 acres all nicely heaped and ready for burning. An accident v.-hicb happened to one of these men while clearing delayed mat- ters somewhat. The Aiessrs. Urch Bros. have not been idle. They have about 30 acres fallowed, and a couple of mulleni sers hard at it clearing another 50 acres. Mcconkey Bros. have 100 acres heaped up and read for the fire as soon as buming time arrives. They have done a bit of fencing also. It is their in- tention to have then- land ploughed as soon as the fire has done its work, and have it all sown before the winter rain starts. There will be a lot of wheat produced off the properties mentioned next year. 