BALNAGOWAN FIRE. MAGISTERIAL INQUIRY. The fire which destroyed the homestead at Balnagowan Station on the 16th of July was the subject of an inquiry at the Police Court House yesterday before the Police Magistrate (Mr. H.L. Archdall), Senior-sergeant J. Harlan conducted the inquiry. Mr. L.E. Hobler (Messrs. Hobler and Powel) watched the proceedings on behalf of Mr. F. Bradley. Frank Bradley stated that he was the manager of Nulalbin Station. His brother Frederick was the late manager of Bal- nagowan Station. Witness was at Bal- nagowan Station on the 15th of July. His brother was away at Duaringa on leave of absence and witness was acting as manager pro tem. His brother left the station on the 13th of July. A blackboy named Jack was with witness at the station. Witness went with his brother to Emu Park on the 13th of July and the blackboy was left in charge. Witness returned to the station the following . Witness went to Emu Park his wife and children were there. Frederick Bradley was also there. The blackboy slept at the stables, which detached and about fifty yards from the main building. There were eight or in the homestead. On the 14th July Ernest Simpson came to the sta- tion to see a lame mare of his on the . Simpson lived about six miles from the station. He was a single man and lived with his brother and father. Simpson arrived about half-past four . As it was too late to go out, remained overnight. They loaded of witness's luggage, consisting of books, two portmanteaux, three and boxes containing sheeting and , silverware, and two bags of har- which had been at the station for months, on to a dray. During the operations witness went into the to write a letter and Simpson and the blackboy went on loading, and when he came out of the office the dray was loaded. Witness had been at the station months. His family had not there for six months. Witness left the employ of the station two months ago to Bowen, where Mrs. Bradley Witness went to Bowen to bring horses to Rockhampton. Mrs. Brad- ley was living with her people in Bowen. had had his wife's property and packed up for six months. He packed some of his own clothes in portmanteau before he left the station th of July. He had about seven- parcels altogether. He took them in They were small loads, as he baby's cot, on the first load. He not commence to pack until after came. It took them about a of an hour to load the parcels. was away for about ten minutes the loading. They finished about All the things in the first load not all witness's property. Two a tin trunk, and a wicker basket to his brother. Witness did not them put on. They were taken where witness had property. He wrote his letters then he wanted to write to Mr. Dallon give the letter to a carter who was The dray was left there until morning and taken away about seven in the morning by the blackboy . Witness had intended to Balnagowan as soon as his brother back, and they had finished muster- ing would be about the following That was his object in taking property away. His brother had The owners of the property had to the property being left at the station. He took it to Simpson that it would be near the Tungamull station and he would be able to whenever he wanted it. He could had the property taken over at the of his engagement; but he had days to spare while his brother was away, and thought it would be a good time do do it. The dray was left at Simp- Simpson's was five miles from the station, and Balnagowan was six miles from Simpson's, on the same road. left the dray at Simpson's so that could be used to get some horsefeed three boxes which his brother had to pack his things in. Simpsons friends of witness and his brother. his brother had packed things; he did not know that he had put in the lumber room. Witness did his brother that he was taking his things away, nor did he know that brother was going to remove some His brother knew that witness to take his things to Simpson's, did not know when. Witness had been employed on the station for two months before thc fire. His brother en- gaged him.. Simpson left the homestead about one o'clock. Five visitors came from town in a motor car the same after- noon. Macartney and Byrne were two of them. They did not come by invitation. They stayed about ten minutes and went about three miles down to the flats. They asked witness to come and camp with them, and the blackboy and witness left about half-pant five o'clock to camp with them. The next morning (Sunday) they went duck shooting. Between nine and ten o'clock on thc Saturday night they observed a light in the distance, and one of the young fellows got up a tree and said he thought it was a bushfire a long way off. The fire was in the direction 0f thcehomestead. They sat down and took no more notice of the fire. He thought the fire too far away to send the black-- boy back to the station, although no one was in charge of the station. They re- turned to the station about half-past three o'clock on the Sunday afternoon and found Mr. Bradford, the manager of Fitzroy Vale, and Mrs. Bradford there, and the house completely burned down. They left no light in the house when they went away. They had had no fire in the kit- chen since one o'clock on the Saturday. Witness accompanied Mr. Bradford in his buggy to Fitzroy Vale. The next morn- ing he rode to town and reported the matter to Mr. Stretton. He returned to Mr. Dallon's house that night, and next morning went on to Balnagowan Station. He found Constable Larkins, from Mount Chalmers, at the fire. Mr. Stretton told him that the matter had been reported to the police. Witness did not go near the police. Constable Larkins asked him how the fire happened. He also asked if witness had removed any things and wit- ness said " Yes." Constable Larkins then rode over to Simpson's. Witness asked Constable Larkins if he would like to see the contents of any of the boxes as he could get a chisel to open them, and he made a remark in the negative. Witness said that the boxes were his, although he could not see all of them. He returned to the station and found that his brother Frederick had arrived. Witness told Con- stable Larkins that some of his property had been burnt in the fire, and that all his brother's property had been destroyed. He pointed out to Constable Larkins at Simpson's two Gladstone bags containing clothes, four hamper baskets containing ladies' and children's clothes, two medium sized trunks containing clothes, five wooden boxes containing crockery, clothes, and bed linen, a side saddle, two bags containing four sets of buggy harness, a bundle of blankets, and a baby's cot com- plete. Witness claimed these things as his properly. They were all taken away from the building the day before the fire. Witness estimated thc value of his own property at £60. lt was not insured. Witness did not know that his brother's property was insured until Mr. Stretton told him. When he saw his brother the latter asked him if all witness's things were saved and witness replied that they were except two portmanteaux containing his own clothes. Witness told his brother thal he got the things from the lumber room. His brother said that some of his boxes were in there and asked witness if he had seen them. Witness went back to Simpson's to see if the boxes were there and separated them. Mr. Stretton told witness that he was coming to the sta- tion ; but he did not say anything about the agent for the insurance company. Witness found on examining the property that two trunks, a box, and a wicker basket belonged to his brother. Witness put these on the dray and brought them back to the scene ot the fire about ten o'clock in the morning and placed them in an old workshop some distance from the fire. The insurance agent came out a day or so afterwards and witness opened the boxes in his presence. Thc agent took a note of the contents and valued them. He did not know the valuation. He looked at a list showing the valuations and saw that the total was £123 6s. His brother had property at thc station, in- cluding an ice chest, a Singer's sewing machine, and a gramophone. The beds belonged to the owners ol the station. The child's cot belonged to witness. The pic- tures belonged to his brother. The chest of drawers, wardrobe, chiffoniers, chairs, tables, bath, and tubs were all station property. There were crockery and cruets in the pantry belonging to wit- ness's brother. He heard his brother say that thc gramophone cost £15. That did not include the records. His brother had an electro-plated thermos flask that would hold about a pint. Thc boxes he brought back to the fire contained a large quan- tity of silverware, knives and forks, silver flower stands, vases, whips, card trays, bed linen, table cloths, and about £20 of lady's wearing apparel in addition to over-coats, boots, &c.; That was the most valuable portion of his brother's pro- perty. There were things in his bedroom that he had never seen. Thc blackboy told him that a policeman was at the station. He did not question the black- boy. He saw Constable Larkins first. He removed the boxes after he saw the police. His brother said he had seen the police before he lefl town. He did not say that they had questioned him about giv- ing anyone permission to remove any pro- perty. It was after he saw his brother that he went to Simpson's and got the boxes. He sent a telegram to his brother saying " Balnagowan completely burnt down." He did not say anything about being successful in getting some of his property away. Witness's wife and his brother's wife took some of their things to Emu Park with them. He did not tell Mr. Stretton when he reported the fire that he had removed a large quantity of effects before the fire ; but he told him on the Thursday following. Witness had taken up some station property at Dua- ringa. His brother was not interested with him, and he was undecided whether he would accompany witness. Simpson was going away to Roma. He did not know that he intended to leave prior to to-day. None of the property thal was left at Sinqwon's belonged to witness's brother. Most of witness's property was still at Simpson's. He was not aware that his brother's property had been removed until it was taken to Simpson's. Wit- ness saw some portmanteaux and boxes partly packed belonging to his brother. The clothing was in a box in one of the bedrooms. The blankets and clothing on the beds belonged to his brother and the owners of the station. His brother took a small portmanteau willi him to Emu Park and Mrs. Bradley a tin trunk and two wicker baskets. By Mr. Hobler : Two of the boxes that were taken to Simpson's were labelled. His brother was due to leave the manage- ment of the station at the end of July. That was one of witness's rearons for re- moving his property. Witness lost a couple of portmanteux and clothes valued at £12 and a £5 note which he left in his purse on thc dressing table. Until he went to Simpson's after his brother returned he really believed that all thc boxes he had removed were his own. By Senior-sergeant Harlan : He showed Constable Larkin five wooden boxes, al- tliough he had only packed up three. He took it for granted thal they were his. By the Police Magistrate : His brother told him that Macartney and others might call on the Saturday. He often joined in the shooting. He anticipated having to go out shooting with the party and made arrangements accordingly. He was employed by his brother on behalf of Dalgety and Co. He did not know before thc fire that the Balnagowan homestead was insured. He did not know whether the insurances on the station property or his brothers property had been paid. When he left there might have been a couple of coals in the kitchen fire ; but he was perfectly happy when he left and had no axiety as to the place catching fire. He could not offer or form any opinion as to the fire. The leaving of his purse and a £5 note on the dressing table was an error. Ernest William Simpson, dairy farmer, until lately residing at Forest Hill, Tun- gamull, also gave evidence. He said he assisted the previous witness and the blackboy to load the boxes and cot, which Bradley had arranged some time before to store at witness's house. Witness was going to Roma. He contemplated the re- moval before the fire. The inquiry was then adjourned until eleven o'clock on Monday next. 