ABOUT TREES. (Special contribution.) Australians have been strangely unmindful of a?;: :alue of trees. You may ride for scores of miles across plains where industry has been carried on for over half a cen tury and only meet with a few. scanty plantations of long, straight, and only half-leaved trees, through which the wiid whistles with un broken force. And even round some of the homesteads very little has been done to beautify the surround ings aid to break the violence of the fierce gales. On the country naturally timbered, millions of acres have. been merci lessly ring-barked, with hardly a tree left alive. Hills where it was once impossible to penetrate the thick undergrowth over which the foliage of heavy timber hid the sun, have become bare places, giving life to no larger plant than the natural grass. Bush fires and time are fast eliminating the last traces of these forests, which once covered so much of the country. The axe of the pioneer 'was ruthless and indiscrim inating. To leave shelter trees was the exception rather than the rule, and beautiful belts of red-gums have been thoroughly destroyed. It is only now that we are able to realize fully the true effect of this wholesale ring-barking. For many years after the axemen finished their work the forests stood white, gaunt, and dead, making scenes weirdly picturesque to ride through by moonlight, when the glistening trunks took all sorts of fantastic shapes as they gleamed in the bright silver beams." The ground was littered with decaying ddbris, and it was hard to find a track through the mouldering logs. The mournful night wail of the curlew, br the eager yelping of the rabbit hunt at daytime, would echo again and again as through some vast and empty building. Demands for firewood, the forces of decay, and the sweeping of bush fires have for the most part finished the dead Victorian forests; and very much of the country which once was heavily timbered might, so far as anyone is able to judge from present appearances, never have grown a tree. The partial destruction of the timber was a necessary preliminary to pastoral and agricultural occupa tion. Until the trees were removed the land could not be cultivated, nor would it grow grass. But mostly the pioneers forgot that trees have a value over and above what they can be sold for to the sawmills, and that what it took a few months to destroy it would require double as many years to replace. Un fortunately theprocess is still going on, and trees are being killed much quicker than they are being planted. Instead of every pastoral and agri cultural holding being well provided with sheltering and beautifying belts of timber, very many are wind- swept and desolate places, where nothing has been done either to preserve natural trees or to plant others. Trees necessarily have an in fluence on the lives of the people living near them. The writer has seen the hloniustead of a 20,000-acre holding without a tree within two miles of it. The occupiers looked out of their windows on wire fences and limitless expanses of wind-swept grass. There was nowhere to walk to for recreation. There was nothing to see anywhere. There was no shade out of doors for children to play beneath in hot weather, and there was not shelter enough to keep a flower garden. Life there was just as dreary and desolate as physical surroundings could make it. Then there are places on the plains where never a tree grew naturally, but where the homestead nestles in a forest covering 30 or 40 acres. Such a plantation brings a wealth of bird life where there was naturally no life of any sort. It makes orchard and flower garden possible, and it turns into a home what without it would be but a lonely house on a desolate plain. In Western Victoria pastoral occu pation has, in some instances, led naturally to the timber dying out without any direct effort being made to kill it. This has resulted on the fringe of the plains, where honey suckles and sheoaks once grew. These trees, which are certainly of littl. value or beauty, have been dying out ever since sheep were put on the country, and in many plcx~s they' have quite disappeared. An interesting and successful experi ment was years ago carried out on Naringal estate, Pitfield, with a view of substituting a better tree for the vanishing species. Whenever one of the latter fell, a Pinus insignia was planted in the head, the boughs thus keeping the sheep off until the pine had thrust its head above their reach. What would thus have be come an unbroken plain was turned into park- like pasture lands, where sheep were sheltered and the lamb ing percentages greatly increased. Another instance of the value of the trees being recognized in station management occurred at Tuppal station, in New South Wales, when Messrs. Falkiner and Sons pur. chased the estate. The property, which is one of the richest in River ina, much of it having since passed to agricultural uses, was partly cleared by its purcha:;ers.. However, the best-shaped trees were left standing, and the boughs of them were lopped off to as high up as a man could reach with an axe while standing on the ground. Though the estate was nearly 200,000 acres in area, most of it was turned into what, from a beauty point of view, would compare favourably with any city park. The owners considered the carrying capacity and general productivity of the place was greater than if all the timber had been cleared. A most important difference will be made to life in the fast-develop ing wheat plains if individuals and the shire councils realize what should be done in tree-planting. The country there is intersected with great wide roads, which are at present partly so much waste space. There is an excellent opportunity for planting on each side of these; and the State Forests Department is anxious to distribute seedlings to shires and other public institutions. The question is one which the coun cils might well take in hand, . 