RURAL TOPICS. Weather conditions at the time of writ ing seem to indicate that'the lost summer has been found. Last week storms and floods occurred in many parts, more par ticularly in the southern portion of the State. The £arlypart of this .week has been fine and warm, with every appearance of the same kind of weather continuing for some days. Probably the temperature will rise considerably; that la to be ex pected, for there la sure to be a good deal of hot weather before the end of February. The great danger looming ahead just now is from .bush-fires. Grass is plentiful I everywhere and, although 6till green in places, is mostly diy. An outbreak would be very difficult to check, and constant [alertness isnecessary to minimise the dam age that is awe to result unless fires can be stopped: at the inception of their^career. Producers have not much; to complain about in regard to the season. The output of wool, grain, and butter has been entirely satisfactory- in fact, prolific-the net re sult being probably the best on record. 1 a The Minister for Defence (Senator Pearce) .stated on Monday night that be hoped at ariearly date to establish Govern ment breeding stations in. the Northern Ter ritory or Central Australia, but on this point he would seek the co-operation of tl£ Imperial War authorities during his visit to England. Much dissatisfaction has been caused in the grain trade by the insufficient supply of corn's for wheat trucks coming forward from the country, *iii consequence of which much damage is sustained in wet weather. Considering that a truck of wheat may take several v days ?or a week- in arriffng.at its destination after being loaded- ihrthe coun try, proper provision should be. made for the changes in weathre that are to be ex pected. Aboard the steamer Athenic, which ar rived at Hobart on January 20 from London, were, 50 sturdy youths, ranging'from lBto [20 years of age, who have been selected for agricultural work in New- Zealand. As fully 250 applications were received" from farmers for the services of boys, the Labour department, fto *which the work was 'en trusted, has been able to place the lads in situations "where thfey "are likely to" secure the greatest possible benefit and instruc tion. -w-." " "" t has now 20, \- Mu__jfthe ^e" of tbemfare^ engagmti^e work c^pimini^SpVtoeb amjidng a^tte stanraB^fid Ia»i8tem|wmtry distills. Three of the 20 a retrain inspectors asiroll. 1^6 girl lijit they found that" as1 soofi as one .ready jEor.jiM, it: .^as .secured by'p; farmers. : The Government sprayers i active use, one at Bungaree, and the7: in^^^^ad. ceofthecoun^il^Siith'e Producers' Association orough took plafce on'the tared in conjunctionJpith f wages now iidemanded, was expressed that tfiaciu dustry litfpSIF jit-ajilhe full -amount of the e&dsewmeet; t! |*n:e^n£Vtost of. production. ' Light thrown on the - subject by. Mr. soh showing th&t; black-grown sui iinporifidsin subsidUedrBteamBrs-fitim; jusd -'^lifeed; on the Sydney tcaarket lljtpptiton. Samples ,;pf this.sugar ^^fixliibited yreq ;;r^r0ed^SB trade purposes to QneenisUthd ^lgar, IOW sold "at . . . a distinct breach of the Industries Pre servation Act, which was designed to' prevent" Unfair compefcLtioay anditwasre- ' ijarded asiitn absolute-menace to tbe^AtfB tl&lian; article. .*£ $:-?? The Auckland executive of the Farmers' Union faasm&de; arrangements to appoint an emigration agent In. England, for the pur pose of securing a supply agricultural, labourers, of which great scarcity now pre vails in the country districts. The New South Wales Government have made available the Whole of the Crowther Estate, in the Young district, Jt . comprises 10,000 acres, divided into 21 farms, including the homestead, which comprises 1,130 acres, valued at £0/19/ per acre. In its quarterly report, dealing with the Board of Works'farm at Werribee, the farm committee stated that on January 1 there were 27;912 sheep on the farm, and 701 cattle.. Amongst the produce from the farm, that has been sold during the quarter has been 479 bales of wool, which realised £6,545. Thirty thousand sheep are being trans ferred from the Oregon -mountains to Graham Island, British Columbia, where arrangements -are being made 16 erect a huge packing and exporting plant. Ameri can capitalists are ihterested in the ven ture. All the 55 .writs issued against the Rail way aepartment on behalf of propejrty owners in Warrenbayne, who suffered dam age by bush fires, said to have been caused by sparks from an engine in December, 1909, have now been settled. The total amount awarded was £9,721, and the amount claimed was £15,375. Gonn Station, adjoining Mellool, New South Wales, comprising 39,000 acres free hold and 13,000 leasehold, has been pur chased by Messrs. Lofch and Lenehan (who recently purchased Poon Boon) and Mr. J. J. O'Connor."' He price is said to be about £150,000. There are 20,000 sheep oil the run and 50 horses. - The subdivision of the Morten Estate, Riverina, on the Culcairn to Germanton railway line, is attracting attention. The property, comprising 5,500 acres, has been subdivided into 21 farms, in areas of 80 to 640 acres, and will bersold at auction, at Albury, on February.-8.' ^Eho auctioneers (in conjunction) are the. New ZealandJLoan and Mercantile Agency Co. Ltd., Sydney, Herbert Power and Son, Albury, and Dal gety and Co., Albury. A report issued by the International Agricultural Institute estimates the produc tion of winter and spring cereals in 1910 in countries north of the Equator, as follows, the figures being given in hundred weights: Wheat.... .. .. 1,735,000,000 Rye .. .. .. ,. "v. 324,000,000 Barley i. >. 680,000,000 Oats .. .. 1,187,000,000 Maize 1,862,000,000 The estimate of the cereal crops south of the Equator is 144,000,000 hundredweight, compared with 133,500,000 in 1909. A synopsis of the report upon Australian trade with Manchester, by Mr. R. V. Billis, Jwho-wa3 secretary of the Victorian delega tion which last year visited Great Britain and the Continent in search of settlers, has been, published in the "Manchester Guar dian." In its issue'of Saturday last that paper .welcomes the report, and says that theJilmoet total dependence of Australia on London is wasteful in the extreme, and can not continue without serious prejudice to the interrata of both Australia and Man chester. , - During the week ending January 19, 27,508 boxes of butter, containing 689} tons intended for shipment to porte beyond the Commonwealth were inspected at the Go vernment .Cool Stores. The quantity of butter actually exported during, the week Was 1,028 tons, valued aproximately ci.f. at £102,800. Since the commencement of the. export season, 15,590 tons of butter, valued approximately at £1,636,950, have been exported. ,Of this quantity 14,6022 tons have been-sent to the United Kingdom, 465 tons to. South Africa, and 522i tons to eastern ports. Alexandra Station, situated on Barclay's Table-land, in the.Northern Territory of South Australia, and ^held under lease from the South Australian Government, wiU be offered for sale at the Wool Exchange, Bris bane; on February-15. : The prp^^i jxim priseS about 10,197 :«quare-miles,- consisting of opep downs, with -patches of- timber, all i iliiniders, .and bther grasses, is well watered" by rivers, creeks, springs, and wells, while ? inex haustible supplies of jsub-artesian water can be obtained ati?6ifei' the" ruh'' at" fetellow i£dvectaing jMumntt. \$he auctioneers_|ire [Iloreheadsfl^ * ;: 1.» *&? * lotl't :eady Jiuf 'season 140 cases in jrHich [BhiJ^^a^;;ciiafB&' with^p^B Soitinll^tor the fit&dard; w^ight ttf iBllj^wsf.box, or con >re o^&poiiaor; ways =$« iegu|* Viyuunci fu»«4 I expdrb! 17 ' bofceij;" that^-analyBiscf cent.- ofmoisture, 'ahd;2B0 boxes that piai \- - * .«-... . a i -i.s- ii> a Oa^diidf of the"faolory it w»b erplainiei that ^9 mtin^gemetit relie'd on the flamfe sample from three different chnrn marks hi the. consignment was not a fair test. On behajf of tbe.Afriliail^faldepartment Mr. P.. J. Carroll .said tiiat the department's method of takiigi sample-was more likely to be in favour oE the ^manufacturer. \- On Wednesday, February 1, the Inverellj Licensed Salesmen commence their annual ( horse sale, comprising drafts from Myall Creek, Wallangra, and. Boonafdoon eta tioris, and these consignments are for posi-j tive unreserved Bale. 1 In this issue the Australian Estates and i Mortgage Co. Ltd., of Melbourne, announce t by- auction Kelia Ponds Station, on the j have been instructed by the owners to offer j by, auction Nelie Ponds Station, on the| ITindera River.in North Queensland, situ ated near the town of Richmond, and com prising some of the finest sheep and cattle j country in Northern Queensland. Full par ticulars will be issued later. A disaster accurred to sheep bound for Avon Downs, Queensland. They had covered 30 miles when the sheep rushed into a small belt of timber. They surrounded the tree" trunks in a frantic endeavour to obtain shade, those behind leaping on the ones in front. Hundreds were smothered, and the ?carcases were piled ? up round the tree trunks. , Out of 5,600 only 830 were saved. Mr. D. N. M'Lennan, of Marnoo, had a particularly fine crop of Federation wheat this year, the tally being 14 bags to the acre. The wheat was good and' clean, and the hags were weir filled, going 11 to the ton. A record was established in taking the crop off, the tally for the week being 1,600 bags. There were two harvesters at j work, and four teams. Mr. P. S. Hunt, estate agent, and Mr. F. W. Bretnall, have been deputed by the chief commissioner of railways for New South Wales, to inquire into and report upon the losses occasioned by the fire which devastated a large area of country between Gerogery and the Murray. The damages are assessed by landholders in the district which was swept by the fire ajt about £50,000. The claims number about 50. 'A peculiar case of mortality among sheep was reported on Saturday last from Wagga. While 5,000 two-tooth wethers were travelling from Tubbo Estate, near Narandera, to Wagga, en route to Boram bola Station, for grass, 500 became ill at BrickhiJI-reserve, and went down. During the. day 70 died. The dead sheep were ex amined by Stock Inspector Lyne and .an other veterinary, who agreed that death was due to bronehial pneumonia", caused by "the animals being untrucked in a very heated condition in the cold night air. The drover inclines to the belief that eating thistles had something to do with the trouble. Many of the sheep'appeared to die in great pain. Mr. Thoma3 Patterson's letter to the Chamber of Agriculture, containing his1 re signation as secretary to that body, showed that he was intimately associated with every movement since 1884 to estab lish an influential and representa tive " central agricultural institution, details being given of various attempts to achieve the success which has now been attained. The letter was submitted "to the, council on January 19, when it was resolved that the resignation be accepted with ex treme regret; that a record be placed on the minutes, and that a special appreciative letter, signed by the president, be written to Mr. Patterson. Also, that £5/5/ be voted to purchase a presept for him, and the £5/5/ be given as a prize to the next Royal Show, to be tailed the "Thomas Pat terson" special prize. An estimate of Ihe "Tasmimiah crops has been issued.by.the Government statistician, Mr. R. M. Johnston.The areas under, wheat and potatoes are larger, but under oats," barley, arid hay are 6tnaller than last season, wheat being 43,022 acres against 37,078 acres, oats 67,572 acres against 71,293 acres, Cape barley 1,211 acres against 1,300 acres, Eng lish barley 3,591 acres against 4,897 acres, hay 63,589 acres against 77,804 acres, andj potatoes 22,815 acres against 21,375 acres.' The estimates of yields are stated as being' the experience of the farmers at the time the information was given, to which the possible ravaged of pests and the effects of climatic conditions may have since caused material alterations. With this qualifica tion, the estimates compare with last year's actual results as follows Estimate. . 1809-10. iBlOrU. r: a* *.' _ r Bushels. - Busbels. _ : .-W?ieat .. .v "... .. ?as,6fl0 1,071,248 v Oats' .. ..r-Stf.. i."<2,T34lr,648 2.S10.862 > Barley, Cape .. .. 81,274 30,683 Barley, English ,. .. 122,380 118,503 Tons. Tons. Bay .. .»»-?>. ». .*: 118,746 jL19,(W5 Potatoes'- .»*$» «' 73,862 r 81,48a - The attitude of the New South Wales Railway .department < regarding damage done^ by the -recent" heavy raiiis^o wheat in uncovered trucks is resented by farmers and shippers. The complaint by the latter ir ih&t; through all: the l$te. heavy rain ^he «bn with ^hfea| tr&nsport;,^th iriic&B; iri; inanjjf vases as open td the weatiier as if the min had been shining and the sky clear. Thousands of bags, of grain are said to have been damaged. To these complaints the Railway department has, in effect, said:-"Pay an extra 5 per cent.'ln freight, and we will take the responsibility. We will take the covers off the other fellow's :wheat and put them on yoursr" If you don't" pay 1 the -^extra lji:pet cent, "we talke no responsibility. The Chamber of Coinmeree lias be&)n'ap proached on the matter,: and representa-. tioris will be roade at an early date to the! Railway Commissioners and the Govern J 