NOTES. I Harvesting is general throughout Hijrh : bury district, the crops, except in a few j cases, not coming up to expectations. Several GooTnalling farmer» are greatly disappointed in their wheat returns, and and it is believed that Goomalling, taken on the whole, will prove lees productive (han last season. Mr. G. Chifcty Baker, of the Agricultural Department, is doing great work among the market gardeners of Albany. He is interesting himself mainly in potato growing, and by means of lecturing and practical illustration is helping settlers considerably. A large deputation waited on the Narro- gin Roads Board at the last meeting, with ¿.gard to the shocking state of the roads in the Highbury district. They, however, got very little satisfaction, having to be content with promises of improvement when thc Board's funds are in a better state. Wagin harvesting operations now iu full swing. The wheat yield will not be as good as last year, but taken all round it will be a better average than was expected three months , ago. The Federation variety of wheat is again well to the fore in the yield of the different varieties of wheat grown. The Katanning Premier Roller Mill* have taken delivery of some fine samples of this season's wheats. Amongst last week's pur j chases are the first stripped portions of Mr. 1\ W. Langley's Homebush crops, weighing 641b. to the bushel., Real harvesting wea t her set in on Saturday, and for some weeks to come the town will se«» little of the far- mers, except as they come in to deliver grain. His Excellency the Governor (Sir Gerald ! Strickland), accompanied by Captain Selby Smyth, on Saturday morning paid a private visit to the warehouse of Massey, Harri«, and Co., Ltd., with the object of inspecting the latest machine for reaping and thresh- ing grain crops in the field. His Excellency, who takes a deep interest in agricultural machinery end mechanics, expressed himself greatly interested in what be saw. A serious bush fire occurred last week at the Arthur River. The fire started on j Mr. C. W. Davy's property and burnt i nearly tho whole of his grats, all his wheat crop, a stack of hay, machinery shed, and j barn and contents. The fire travelled across : the property of Messrs. Phillips and Steele | and destroyed a quantity of crop and fenc-1 in g. .There weTe no insurances on any of j the property destroyed. ] This shows tho number of applications for land appi'oved for the month of December, 1910, the figures in paren- j theses being ' the returns for the month bf November :-Conditional purchase', 311 applications; 125,8724 acres (203 applica- tions, 120,073^ acres) ; homestead farms, ! Í53 applications, 24,192* acres (117 appli- j cations, 18,880 acres) ; grassing leases, 27 applications, 18,589 acres (12 applications. 15,^25 ir acree); total, -401 applications,! 109,654 acres (332 applications, 165j478j | acres). In addition 21 pastoral leases,; embracing 700,096 acres, were granted, j "Settler of W.A." ftates that he has been ! a shearer for many yeai'e in~ the Eastern Statep, and knows that the correct judging 1 of wool can only bo dono in proper daylight, , He recently learned in a country place on j the Great Southern line, that under the ; Government system students are taught at night time, and was told that the grading ? . and sorting of different wools are carried out 1 under gas or electric lights, and' from 8 p.m. j to 9.30 _p.m. Our correspondent «loses by , saying:-"As I have-reasonable doubts whé- I .(her instruction at siifch a time will bc' a' ; succcfó for the pupijp, J should like to know \ through these columns,- whether-there is an j ' authority who would be.kind enough to give - his opinion* in the/malwi"." -. ' A very destructive -bushfire began in thc . wheatfield of Mr.: W, J> Jacka, of Winka dine,'sear Kellerberrin.' With à- ttiff routh west wind.blowing.- the flames- were 'quickly carried across the old York-road into the standing crop of"iMr." H. Gliddon:" The* fire passed right through Mr. Gliddoh's pro- perty and into that of Mr.'7. Scott before it could be subdued. Mr. Gliddon* who was partially covered, by riniurahce,'' lost 170 äcres of standing wheatland 100 "lons of hay. ' Mr. J. Scott's loss was 'SOO'bags of new .season's. .wheat;' while'Mr. Jacka; fared considerably better, losing only a-few acres-of Jstandingv wheat." . It is thought Jhát 'the'fire hégan whërfevsdmè workmen .were «mókíug cigar1' cttes in the field. ' Ail inquiry will bc held at an early date An enthusiastic and. representative meet- ing of the .Dowerin Fr^greea Association ..was held . On ; December 19.. Consideration , was given to -the water ', tnpply of the - tdwn. It was" stated that, /útíder the .présent * sysf . tem .one jabd jfll ïaiî .to cartmill water íieceésafi' ^.somé -cpnsideraLle d^EÎàfacç. from thc Goyérttónt dam, which; ' irrespective of* the expense, wai a. tedious ^nd'áow'^pro-" COES. '''Fears of thé -possibility of áñrepL-..i dcñiíc through thcí pollution "pf .'.the* 'water'.} were-expressed, and .spfeakere. mentioned in»-.] eterices of 'docs i^iintröng iii the, dam, jana J only &' few «lays ". óreyiously, several ; cows ' batt 'broken Ihrpujrh, ihtf iu^equate jfenc,; irigi and wert^df inking' ifrolf _tbe,d4Tt-Thé., chairman v(Mr;lj8#gers) -, stated '* 'Unfit sonic ! mcinths "p'rèvibuEly .the mattet harf -fcepn«. ruU^^disiiusEed" .with? Mf.! Calila,', jbf -ttie'i Public !Wdr"ks Dfjjfortm^i-iy.and ¡as .4 f^ùl| J levels - had been taken, Vifl&S;' M^tto*. tâig " erection npf a.' windmill. aplT'^k^n 'àddw work was £250, which Mr. Castilla stated the Government were prepared to expend. Formal applicatiou had been mada by tho Association (through the Goomalling Roads Board) and the member for the district written to, with a view of securing his assistance, but nothing had resulted. lt waa decided that the Minister for Works be approached direct, and the member ipr the district again requested to assist in getting tiiia work put in band without fur I ther delay. Dowerin Progress Association discussed,the railway to serve Badgerin, N.E. Cowcowing, land Mount Marshall, Lake Brown areas. It was stated that the Railway Advisory Board had the previous week travelled I through the areas named, and .would sub- mit their report aa to the advisability of constructing a line from Wongan Hills, tan, liing eastwards, practically parallel with- tho new Dowerin-Merredin line. It waa de- cided that a deputation of members from the Progresa Associations of the four areas wait on the Premier, and submit data show« ing the number of settlers, holdings, areas under crop, and improvements to support connecting the proposed line at Dowerin, running north-east to Badgerin (through Koomberkine, Ejanding, Boorlaraing), and from thence easterly through the districts previously mentioned, as against connecting at Wongan Hills. It was stated that if the former course were adopted it would pass .through a continuous belt of forest and improved wheat-growing country for fully 30 miles, and would not interféra with the scheme of loop linea; also that it would save fully 39 miles extra haulage to the port of shipment on all merchandise, lt was further stated that by connecting the proposed line at Wongan Hills all set- tlers east of Badgerin would be penalised with extra haulage, and, moreover, the line would nats through fully 30 to 35 miles of very poor country, which agricul- turists have refrained from selecting, and was at present held under grazing leases only. It was also decided that the data be submitted to- the Advisory Board, and a request be made that the subject bo carefully considered prior to their submit- ting their report to the Government. 