A VAST BUSH FIRE THE RIVERINA SWEPT. WENTWORTH, Tuesday. A disastrous bush fire is raging through the country beyond the Mallee Cliffs Station, the recently acquired property of Messrs. Chaffey, Salmon, and Dunne, and also beyond Moorara, Tolarno, and Cuthero stations, and ad- joining lands known as "No Man's Land." It was at first rumoured that all the back country from the bore near Euston to Arumpo, the back station of Tarcoola, including Prungle, Frank's Plains, Tapio, Turlee, and several home- steads were burnt out, including those of Messrs. Watts, Borrman, Weaver, Hippisley, Williams, and Barnfield, but a telephone communication states other- wise. The fire is supposed to have started on the Mallee Cliffs Station, about 15 miles straight out back from Mr. David Wicket's lease on the River Murray. It is spreading rapidly on the right as far as the bore near Euston, taking in "No Man's Land," and extending to- wards Arumpo, at the back of Tar- coola Station, on the River Darling, and on the left to within five miles of the Wamberra boundary, the property of Mr. S. Byrne. All hands from the back station are hurrying to the scene, provided with all the latest fire fighters. With this aid, together with the assistance from the Darling settlers and residents from Wentworth and Mildura and on the River Murray, the fire should be beaten. It extends 30 miles long and 20 miles wide, and is estimated to be 100 miles in circumference. Crowds of volunteers are ready to exchange places with those at the scene of action. The water and provision difficulty prevents the forces already there being more than double. It is the biggest fire seen for 50 years, and if prompt action had not been taken it is thought that the whole of the Lower Darling district on the eastern side would have been burnt out. The fact that Tapio and Turlee are in the immediate vicinity of the fire would lend colour to the rumour that the Tapio Station, the property of Mr. E. A. Barnfield, was on fire, but for- tunately the stations are many miles apart, with Wamberra in between them. If Tapio had got alight, then all the adjoining leases, as mentioned, would most assuredly have gone too. The rumour that a fire had broken out be- tween Avoca and Moorna Station boun- daries proved untrue.— "Age." 