7jwniGit3 OUR OLD COLONISTS. at peaceful anchorage. some reminiscences. There Is nothing? that suggest insti tution Hfo about the peaceful anchor age wherein nre sheltered our old colo nels at Hufihall crescent, North Fltz- .av. Tho broad garden pathway is fringed with well-kept lawns, bright ened with tho gobdon bloom of huo- fiowers and variegated cr.nnas. Rose bushes aaft a fragrance from their M-ealth of floral favors, and hero and there a cluster of pink or red geranium giver n vlvl&iouch; of color-l.a Iswl scape. Each trim villa is like a soif- cMi- talned flat, and nobody peer upon the privacy of Itn inmate. There Is a com fortably furnished sitting-room, an airy bedroom, and a compact pantry or kit chenette, fitted with <v stovo and cull- nary appliances. No better means could te suggested to make life's descent . gentle far those who have long since ceased to strive for tho glowing hues of youth. The enchanted cup has not lost all Its sparkle or relish when it may be sipped In such surroundings. On a recent visit Mrs IVlJnbladh.who (a guide, philosopher j.ud friend- to this little community, led the way to the hospital, which wns really a compact little villa, with n cheery sitting-room, having comfortable lounges, a writing tabic, and Kcntla palms and ferns in the window alcove. This opened into two cozy bedrooms, surely an Ideal room wherein to be nursed'and tended". However, ' nobody was hidden boncath the snowy counterpanes requiring min istration. A Theatrical Favorite In ono little nest, with a- front garden of sweet-scented lavender, h well- known thcntrlcnl favorite rests after a long career of artistic triumphs. It Is not fo many years ago since she was adored by the public, and nought after hy managers, for special delineations. Outside the wind whistled and the rain btnt against the window-pane, but tho little shting-room wos warm and cosy. A bright Are crackled In the grate, and the kettle wns singing on tho hc\'j«««t hinting that It wns four o'clock and afternoon tea time. From nil the glamor and glittrr of tho footlights to this uneventful domes ticity. Surely an extreme contrast, and yet Miss — Is completely content and happy in her new environment. A Stage Career .' "What do you consider, the necessary qualifications for a stage career?" she was asked, In the course of u chat. "Well, first of all a good strong coh- stitutlon, a vast amount of moral cou rage and exceptional ability, and still even these threo essentials may not "I started when I was. fifteen 'years .of' age, and for two years I did not draw any salary; but I was learning my pro fession, just like nn ' apprentice at .a' trade," "If you had your Hfo to. live again, would yo'u choose a theatrical career?" "Yrs," sho said, laughingly; "I believe 1 would. You see, I have such an In tense love for it." The conversation then drifted to stage-struck maidens. "I think every girl develops that mania at some time of her life," ald the old actress. "What I should advleo every worried mother to do would be to let her daughter have six, nine, or even twelve months work with a hard working company. If sho survives that ordeal and still wishes to contlnuo let her follow the bent of her inclina tions. Most likely she will return home long before the allotted tlmo has ex pired. On the stage it Is always a case of the survival of tho Attest." It Is often remarked that netrcaae retain their youth longer than most women, although Miss has experi enced ill-health and many vicissitudes, she In no exception to the popular opin- ion. She Is active, graceful in move ment and figure. and thero aro not anv tell-tale age markn or wrinkles to dis figure her complexion. Sho is owr seventy years of age, although she do not look a day more than fifty, and un til the end of last year faced all tho wear, tear and stress of a professional life. Music and Art ' Across the gravelled pathway another Interesting personality is discovered — the original of a study that In various characteristic attitudes graces the -walls of tho Victorian artists' galltrv . All her life she has lived In ti world of art and music; and has been r.trongly attracted towards occultism In all branches. A cnttago piano furnishes one corner of the sitting room nno a larcdftire of ectopics a prominent position over the mantel piece. Sho Is a strong believer In re-Incar nation. and the theosophlc law of Karma. A rtrnnge character, vibrating with sympathy and emotionalism, ar t yearning for love and affection thru sho assorts has ever been denied ht:. Her mother died when she was but a baby five months old, anil her earliest rt.-colkctions of development were at boarding school. Schools Old and New It was interesting to hoar her com pare the old methods - of punishment with the chastisement nf the modern college. "Onre I was locked up for a tvnolu day In a dark, damp cellar because 1 had stolen n piece of broad and sugar, and often wo were mado to kneel on bags of hard peas for petty offences. "While these and many other bar barous acts of petty tyranny were go ing on I was receiving letters from my guardian, urging me to be brave and gooj and truthful, but never n loving word of sympathy or kindness, only coldness and rigidity." It can readily bo imagined what this child of four endured when now. at nearly eighty, her eyes welled up with tears and she trembled with Indigna tion as she recnlted remembrance? of the outrageous treatment.' "Things are different now," she con tinued, and the light of happiness came into the kind old face. "The dear little children arc reared in an atmosphere of love and kindness, their rightful In heritance." It was a delight ta mrot with such a woman. Old ago with <ir doen not mean dejection and an over cast sky; tho sun still shines for her; , her brain is yet unclouded, and her in terest keen In. her beloved hobbles. Modern Fashions Into the peaceful harmony of another cottage news of the harem fashion freak had penetrated. "I think it la shnmeful. I don't know what women are coming to these days," said one dear old lady with snowy hair. "Hide their faces? I should Just think ihoy ought." "What with mixed bathing and trou sers. I do not know what the world is corning to, mid those new-fangled floppy figures are dreadfully ugly, I think" She evidently referred to the erect form, at whose shrine fashion's votaries wor shipped a few seasons aso. "Another tiling ! notice is the foolish way many of the women of fifty and sixty dress themselves up as If they were In their early twenties; and can you tell mew hy the girls put tholrhnlr out so and hldo their pretty cars and foreheads?" "But you had .silly fashions In the old days, ton," she wns gently re- minded. "Oh. yes, tho crinoline, that tho wind used to' get under and send your sklrtn (lying all round your waist. Oh. bu; wo soon got sense, and cave them up for princess's robes." "1 don't bother about fashions nt my time of life, but I llko to know what Is worn, and I do llko to sco tho girls In their muslin frocks and simple print dresses. They do look pretty." The Oldest Tcnani In tho first cottage to the left, on en tering tho garden, Mrs Anno Living ston, who is St years of ago, has lived for twenty years. Sho Is'nblo to knit and read a little, but Is crippled with rheumatism, and has to be whoclcd about In on invalid's chair. A/dcvotcd daughter' lives, with, her, nnd ministers to nil her little needs. Sho arrived In Australia In tho early fifties, and roughed It with other pioneers, her family settling In the Coluc district in a tent township, with Cicelong the nearest placo for provisions. "I hear the now settlers are grumbling about tho hardships they have to face." oho says. "Why, everything If easy for them; the ground h cleared, and they can get water. It seems to mo the moro people get the more they want." "It tool: lis five months to come out In a sailing vessel, nnd ive bad to carve our own way when we got here, 1 can tell you." "Did you come out to make your for tune?" she Is asked. "Indeed J did. and I was going back In seven years, but Instead of making a fortune, we lost' the little wo had." Mrs Livingston then tells of how, later, she helped to beat out «n exten sive bush fire that threatened to lay their homestead In ruins. "Look at my eyebrow," she says, pointing over her left eye, "that is what tho bushfire did for me— scorched It off, and It never grew again." "But you soon forget little things llko that." sho adds, as she laughs at tho recollection. Good-bye, littlo mother," was her parting salutation to ra Wijnhlnuh, to whom all tho "cottagers" arc devo ted. Acted With Brooke ,At another littlo home, with the front gardon thick with dainty sweet once,- nnu trailing whu convoivuius, lives Mrs Caroline Gladstone, an ac tress of .the old school, who playod with G. V. Brooke, William Hoskins. and Walter Montgomery. Sho is a very energetic old lady, and loves to he out in the i pen. You will find her trudg ing about tho grounds on cold, wet days, with ft good pair of strong boots, mentally nnd physically active. Although sho Is over 80 years of age. sho never needs spectacles, and "1 am able to thread a 10 needle with 60 cotton," she proudly says. "I think my eyesight Is good, be cause 1 hnvo done very littlo rending; that Is what wears out the eyesight. I am always telling tho others that, but they won't bcllevo me, " she adds. Interesting Reminiscences. Mrs Caroline Renwlck, who Is tho tenant nt Lady M'Hachern's cottage, has n fund of ancdcotcs of pioneering days. Sho arrived hero when sho wns about 13 or 14 years of age, nnd can remember her mother lying in bed protecting herself with an open um brella from tho rain which poured through tho roof of tho ramshftcklo building. For this prlvllcgo the family pnid n rental of £5 a week. She speaks with many nignillcnnt nods of tho head, and much emphasis, of a ball given by tho Governor, Sir Charles llotham. which caused great Indigna tion among tho pioneers. It appears ho gavo them colonial bcor to drink InRtcnd of chnmpngno and spirits; tho beer being drawn from tho cask nnd sorvori In bedroom jugs. "In thoso days," said Mrs Renwlck. "wo moved quickly. "A man was en gaged ono day, bought tho troutsonu, and was married tho next." "Bought tho trousseau?" "Ye; the men wero generous then, and did not mind how much they spont.nnd they always looked up on 'buying tho trousseau as a'igreat privilege. They do not do that now," sho says with a aly littlo twinkle in her eye. A Happy Colony. Cheerfulness seems to stand out nn ono of tho chlof characteristics; it 1s tdiiirvti by all, men ami women. In stead of bolng soured, moping In me lancholy, und ombltterqd by their reverses of fortune, they are , con tent and nt easo. over ready to discern — though the lengthening, of shadows proclaim, life's latest travail near- bright rays of the summer suns they hnvo enjoyod. No gloomy forebod ings within that charmed enclosure, no repining; happy, reminiscent colo nists, whoso brows bear tho crown of content, nought now comes amiss to them. MRS VICTOR WJJNfcLADH. Nurse and Matron of Old Colonists' Homes. A Dutch bonnet of tulle, with a lat ticed band of pearls. 