|Tíie Speculator i jj A Story of the Simple Life (By "Saltbush") ßj ""Wheat-fanning in Western Austra- lia is the thing to make money at. No capital is needed. These pamph- lets demonstrate that conclusively." said Gribbs excitedly, nourishing some of the latest literary effusions of the Westralian Government Lands De- partment ai his -wife. "Here is a for- tune at last. Pity vre didn't know of t it sooner. But M "Cash's offer for the Shop is stol open, and the deal will leave us about four hundred pounds in 1 hand, or; say; three hundred after landing in Perta. This money, of course, we shall not reaüj need, as the Agricultural Bank of that State ad- vances all the necessary fonde to bring a farm wea into the producing stage; bat still, it will be as well to have a few pounds as a stand-by." ^ Mrs. Gribbs listened without enthu- siasm to her husband's peroration. She knew his optimistic .natnre of old, and was used to his periodical wild schemes for making fortunes. Yet, on reflection, the project seemed at- tractive. Mrs. Gribbs". early years had been spent amid the green, fields and bowering hedges of Devonshire, and the Idea of leaving for ever the nar- row comunes of the stuffy little shop in the grimy factory town in which her husband only the year before had invested an unexpected legacy ap- pealed to ber. And then there was lit- tle Jane. She had not been well of late, and the country Ute would do her good." On this weak spot, therefore, 'Gribes trained his big guns of argu- ment with wearing effect. ""Certainly, conditions of living would be comparatively simple at the begin- ning. But what did that matter? The house for the first few ^ears would not be exactly a mansion, true; but what better could one desire than a pretty little red-tiled cottage, all over- grown with flowering creepers, and ' standing under some fine old shade . D-ecs, in the midst of green meadows? Why, it would be like a pr Jit.'Adt they would give their farm, a pretty Same; P-ose Valley or Meadowdale, orisome thing." Gribbs surpassed himself in eloquence when painting such flow- ing pictures of their future home, and the end of it was that one fine day there stepped on to Fremantle wharf three hopeful new arrivals fresh-from tho smoke and sordidness of an Eng- lish factory town. Gribbs haunted the Information Bu- reau, and was soon' at home among the artistically colored maps supplied by the benevolent Lands Department. AU blue stood for first-class, blue shading for slightly inferior, and white for third-class' land. - One day he -noticed the little crowd of' iaadseekers more than ordinarily eager. ~ The printeri either by accident «V design, had used a particularly rich and «Jeep shade of blue for the color . inp pt an ? area about to tie' thrown open for selection, with the result that the district leapt into popularity in one bound. . " Never - before bad - there - been - any- thing so blue. GrXbbe decided that now was his time.' He applied foe the most uni- formly colored block, only to find, that some fifty of his fellow-selectors had likewise been attracted by its blan- dishments. The land, of coarse, could only be awarded to one, and Gribbs was not that one. Nothing daunted, he continued to spply for blocks decorated with gêneri- ons proportions of blueness. He be- came a familiar figure at the Land Board, and at last, experienced" the satisfaction of finding himself the ""conditional" owner ' of (because of a soak) ä well-contested block in the wheat belt!1 Now. fortune séemèd almost within his grasp. Yields 'bf thirty bushels and more were spoken of as possible. But Gribbs preferred to be on the safe side in his calculations, and put down ' his probable first harvest at the con- servative estimate'of twenty-five bush- els per acre. Though the Agricultural Bank would advance the money neces- sary for the clearing be would con- tent himself with putting in two hun- dred acres the -first year. These« at 4/ per bushel, would net him a thou- sand pounds. Of course, there would also be certain expenses. But they, would be more than covered by the profits derived from sheep. It was all so simple; and visions of broad fields of waving corn and flocks of woolly afaeep depasturing on the succulent herbage of the meadows floated before him. Gribbs marvelled at his own capacity for dealing so easily with so 'mfamiiiar a subject Clearly, he was a mah of big Ideas-a veritable captain of in- dustry, whose managerial talents had «found no scope and Iain dormant in ?the cramping atmosphere of retail commerce. The unimportant details only now remained to be attended to. Numer- ous purchases had to be made. These swallowed up a goodly portion of the little capital; though each expenditure was carefully weighed. The little red tiled cottage of four or five rooms had to give place to a ready-made two roomed structure of corrugated iron, of the kind that are cool enough in winter, but like an oven in summer. Tanks, of course, excepting a small one for carting purposes, would not be necessary. The crystal waters of the soak (which, as everyone knows, is the Australian term for a spring) would do well enough. There is no need to follow the Gribbs family through the vicissitudes that intervened between their depar- ture from Perth railway station and their arrival on the land. Their block, though near a promised line, was some forty miles distant from an actual sid- ing. Here late one night they found themselves shivering and following with sleepy eyes the stern lights of the train vanishing in the distant dark- ness. Gribbs fairly bristled with maps (supplied gratis by the Lands Depart- ment), and thanks to so conspicuous a la^jmark as the soak he was enabled to Vacate his block with comparative ease. On the second day out they had been fortunate enough to meet a stock- man who directed them. The soak, he had said, was easily found. All they had to do was to continue along the matti track for a few miles then cut across a stretch of sandplain and turn to the east around a bit of timber. They could not possibly miss it, Hç called lt "Dead Cow Soak," because the winter before a cow had - got bogged in it. In Australia a name like that is apt to stick to a place more closely than a brother; and, much to the subsequent disgust of Mrs. Gribbs. who after much deliberation had amended her first oholce of "Prtmroseleigh" to "Heather- brae," their selection remained to be known by that name with slight varia- tions. The storekeeper of the distant township addressed his communies ti ons (until she corrected him) to -Tirs. Grub, Dead Cow Gully," and the postmistress had marked an indeciph- erable envelope briefly, "Try Gribbs, Dead Cow." But what after all is in a name? The unphUdsophical female mind may, of course, be influenced by iL But not so i the more practical male. What really 1 mattered was the quality of the "Dead Cow." But here their first serious dis- appointment awaited them. The rip pttng waters of the expected brook re- solved themselves into a muddy little waterhole, in which a number of dead frogs floated peacefully and had to be fished out-the Gribbses still had fas- tidious tastes-before the water was used for the brewing of their first tea. From now on they bad their share of the hardships , experienced to a greater or lesser degree by, all pio ' neera. The water in the soak gave out before the summer had well bgun; they had with difficult;- saved ? their little homestead from a raging bushfire, and once during a severe illness of little Jane's they had barely'succeeded in conveying her to the' doctor-a hnnr dr ed miles away-lu the nick of (âme. It had not been long before. Gribbs bad realised the utter impossibility of carrying out his ambitious programme of development. He found , that, the land could not be cleared for Jess than double the sum allowed for that pur- pose by- the Agricultural Bank. More- over, there was a diificultr in getting the work done almost at any price. Beading in the napers about the lack of employment in Perth, Gribbs, in the innocence of his heart, had anticipated no difficult:.- in that direction. He had yet to learn that the city unem- ployed does not hanker after [the stre- nuous life of a beerless outback. Once during the early days of theil settlement a swaggy had camped al the soak, and incidentally asked for s job. Gribbs had»almost falien atomic his neck with loy. Work? ': Certainly Any amount .of 't. . Of conree, he wooli pay him two pounds a week' arid tuc- ker with pleasure. He could stan right away. Would he mind workini to-morrow. Sunday? .It might', rail shortly, and there was some argen work to do in .making the camp wea ther-tight He would pay him an ex tra fen shillings for the day. The swaggy, -luite overcome with s< cordial a reception, instantly regrette) that- he had- not: asked for higher pay and now thought be would make th best of " what remained. "Look her* bosa," he had said, *T don't work fe no blanky man on Sundays for les nor double wages. Me principles don' allow it I want er quid fer to-mor rer." But he had failed to gauge th load that may be safely carried on camel's back. ', Sooû a jobless swaggy . departed int the; parched landscape,, muttering luri imprecations, ttlieraily intersperse *viih the great-Australian adjective.. Gribbs, though; neither, used to man upi labor nor physically vwell .fitted fe lt. now set ' to ;w»rk : with .a dfÄermina rion that almost counterbalanced hi shortcomings in that diçéctlon. Nev« was there a settler who' displayed more untiring energy. . But by the time the- second summ« had come and gone bis enthusiasm ha become much damped, though - thei were r-ow nearly a hundred acres rea* for "the plough, and consequèhtty-tmilt lng material for new air castles of a tarty affluence. But Mrs. Gribbs' no longer took ai heed of her husband's optimistic ca culations. She looked ten years old« and bad long since become disilli sionised. This was -nol the kind country life she had pictured. DI tance even made a mere existence the squalid English factors town see desirable. Gladly would j she ha gone back to the little. :shop. S never wearied of urging her husbaa to return to the city. ^ But all thi little capital had now been put ic the land. Much of it bad been spe to little purpose, no doubt But si it was spent On the ' other, hand, t promised railway had now-, become fact the virgin bush had been co verted in part to some state of cultîv rion, and the farm had become a sa able asset Indeed, a neighbor tr more cash and experience than Grib had offered to pay a fair price for i place. But, though no longer ena ored of a life.for which plainly he v not in the least fitted, Gribbs was < sèssed" by the idea of harvesting actual grain his first crop-the res of two years of unremitting toil But his luck was out The seas proved to be one of. the worst, e recorded in the State, and -though so few scientific farmers is ' the disti had harvested passable crops in si of the dry season, his own had fal completely. He now eagerly welcomed the newal of his neighbor's offer to 1 him cut More than the necess improvements had been effected, required under the Act - to allow ' transfer to be made,.. and nott seemed to stand in the way of deal._ Bot he had reckoned without host A new party had taken up reins of Government and by virtui the new Minister's first edict Gri had ' been declared a speculator, persons who desired to pell land 1 less than five years were spéculât He did not mind in the least bein speculator. It could not be worse t being an impecunious settler, a how. - But when it was intimated him that the title carried with it prohibition to dispose of his land joy abated rapidly. A kindly oft pointed out that if he could sho valid reason for selling, ïuch as c plete paralysis, loss qf a limb or or a similar disablement ' an excep might be made in his favor. Gr replied" that his health had never 1 as good, but that he had a better son. He was sick of the land-i sick. And so was his wife and child and bis cat This reply stamped him as a without a particle of respect foi parental Government-a speculate fact, of the worst type, and an ol to be shunned hy all decent citizen It is with a feeling of relief one turns from sc base :v characti the figure of sterllns quklity who presently appear on the scene J ministering angel, and who, in meantime, in his shrine, rehind a ot three golden balls, dispenses stn of silver and gold to the needy, shall blame him if. In this wi world, he charges cent per cent poor security? The "Dead Cow Soak" had be a yaluable farm, thanks to the ir rrj- and money expended on it. J Gribbs no longer had either th< clination or the means to wor Yet without cash and with a fam: provide for what was thert to be < Tt wes out of the question to app< the banks. They required nrgol properties. There remained Dee mondsteln. He agreed, in spite o insecurity of the holding, to lend three hundred pounds, distributed in half yearly payments, over a term of three years, providing Gribbs would continue to reside on the farm. All he required : in return wçre iiromissory. notes to the | amount of one thousand pounds. Thus, in its wisdom, did a. benevo- 1 lent Government succeed in suppress- ing a dangerous land speculator. i I am Gribbs. I have an idea that "Dead Cow Soak Farm" will be for sale in three years' time. My neighbor Smith will probably buy it. Only in- stead of five hundred pounds the' price will be as many thousands. But I don't think any of the profits will flow into my pockets, unless we all become socialists by that time. ,_ I Then I should like to share with Ike j Dlamondstein. 