NEWS OF THE WEEK. A two-year-old boy named Herbert Marshall died from eating unripe fruit., . May Finlay (6) was accidentally shot Lad at Sumerleas, near Hobart, by her tldfer brother. H J Bone, a resident of Paddington, died suddenly' in Oxford- street last Wed nesday. Emil Gallman. an old resident of White Cliffs, committed suicide last week- by taking strychnine.. Jfethe Victorian-' Government ??has—ap— Kfofnted Mr. J. S. Wasley to a position as County Court Judge. An elderly man named Alex. Sinclair was found dead from thirst and exposure in the Longreacli, Q., district. A ten-year-old boy named. Edward Heron died in the hospital al WilIiams- town, Victoria, from snake-bite. A boy named George Woolley was killed by falling from and being run over by a. wood cart at Howell, near Inverell. William Fullagar, a. resident of Liver poool, had his left hand badly shattered by ?!i.«.i.,i«tJnir of a jrun which he was firing1. Henry John Hall, an ex-alderman, died at Mudgee from the effects of poison self-administered. At Ganmain, on Saturday, a little boy named Gaines fell off a waggon and was fatally crushed by one of the wheels, jfpjpn the Miles Taroon railway, Queens land, Harold Squires, a laborer in a clearing gang was killed by the fall of a I tree. I The Victorian Government has asked ? trie Government of N.S.W. to' join it in I establishing punts at five, separate points ion: the Murray River. William James, a miner In the Abermain Colliery, Kurri Kurri, was killed. last Wed nesday by a fall of coal. He left a wife anil five young children. A station employee at Burroway, near Narromine, named Jansen, died in the Dubbo Hospital from, the effects of a self iriflicted wound in the throat. ?The coal exports of Newcastle for .1911 were 4,061. 780 tons, valued at £2,116;929. for 1910 the figures were .3,897,986 tons, JMfUhe value of £2,011,ij24. For wounding a horse with a piece, of wood armed with a protruding nail, Edward George Williams was fined at Red- fern Police Court, £ 3, with '24s. costs. Mrs. Chandler (78), while speaking at a ?meeting of the Women's Prayer Union at ?tlie Sydney Central Methodist1 Mission,- be ?ca'mo ill and died after a few minutes. On the steamer, Kapunda, between Mel- j Jbourne 'and Adelaide, a -eonstnn.ptive who, iliail stowed away -at the Ta- tter city died iij'Hlie firemen's quarters. William Ward, an immigrant, arrested in Perth as an idle and disorderly person, turns out to be a man wanted in Chiswick, England, on a charge of wilful murder. ..While driving- between Bourke and Bre warrina, a Mrs. Anthony and her infant were thrown from the vehicle. She sus- tained a fracture of the arm, and the child was fatally hurt. A man named Nicholas, formerly em- ployed as Government railway engineer in {he Goulburn district, fell from a tramcar In Elizabeth-street, Sydney- and was taken to hospital with a fractured skull. Sydney Ashdown, alias E. Berkley Ayres, was arrested at Broome, W.A., last week o|i a charge of having' embezzled (iOOOdoI. from tlie China 'Morning Post'!;: Com pany. lie was remanded to Perth, where proceedings for extradition will be taken. Leslie Harbor, while rabbiting at Berri gan, was accidentally shot in the spine by his mate, a man named Anderson. The lower part of his body- is 'paralysed; and recovery, was regarded as impossible. . m -f'Tlirough a sudden- inrush of gas in the ?May Queen go is1, mine; on the Thames, New ?Zealand, two men named James Williams and Thomas Guy lost their lives. Other men were badly affected. 'On the lake at Cope Cope, V., three boys, William Butler (14), Ernest Butler (11), and James Conole (11) went out to fjsh from a dinghy: '''By some means the i boat was capsized, and all were drowned. :Coal to the value of £113, bought by the Defence Department froni the proprietors of the Stockton Borehole mine, is to be shipped to Portsmouth for the purpose of trial on the Commonwealth cruiser Aus tralia. ? At Wonthaggi, the town which has grown up about .the Victorian State coal Ijnine, a' fire, which broke 'out oh Sunday, (destroyed the Lyceum Hall .and nine piiops, doing damage estimated at several [thousands of pounds. ? John and Thomas Glover, engaged in working a traction engine at Bowning, near Yass, were crushed between the en gine and a truck. The former -sustained fractured ribs and internal, injuries; the [latter was less .seriously injured. Michael Crowe, of Spring Park, near Young, fell off a heavily laden wheat vag-gon while it was.' crossing a rut'-on the road to Slbnteagle. ? A wheel passed over li's. left arm, which was badly crushed, aijd may have to be amputated. Nellie M. E. Hazelton, the infant child of Allen Hazelton, of Bankstown, near SVAfter being in the water for some little ?time she was rescued by her brother, but ?jOled from the effects of the immersion. ?I 'A-school.of military instruction 'is again ?to be held at Albury. It will open on Feb ?ruary 1 and close on July 10. Candidates ?pr appointment to the instructional staff ?jof the Commonwealth forces will receive ptrairjing from officers under the command I IjOfCploiiel^ A.ntiil. ' |i 'riic.!'-.!?.W. -Goyernment. has under con IlsideMtioiV proposals .for the enlargement Is -k tne,hosnitals at Sydney and Little Bay, l?and forthe prcrrtion of a district hospital | at ^wcastlo The extension of tht Little I | «ay -Hospital, when carried out, will make it the largest hospital in the State. G. F. James, a carrier, living at Ashley, near Moree, quarelled with his wife, owing, it was admitted by the woman, to her preference for another man. He was Ij'; a, uadly disturbed state of mind, and R»«-iVife?lert the house for the night, going to her mother's place. In her absence he drank Lysol, and died in consequence. The l^m061' founfl'-a verdict accordingly, and icommented strongly on the action of .the woman in leaving her husband by himself while in such a pitiable state of mind. A State Government return shows that there were in Queensland in the year 1911 aliens to the number of 12,485, including 6714 Chinese, 2265 Japanese, and 1503 Polynesians. In 1901 the total number was;23,635. ^ ... . , The dead body of Harry West (54) a resident of Kogarah, was found on the railway line between Tempe~'and Syden ham on Sunday morning. It was dread fully mangled, p.eceased was a 'native of St. George, Queensland, and was of inde pendent means. It is stated that there is probability of an ? early star.t being made with the con struction by the Commonwealth Govern ment of. the ? Kalgoorlie- Port 'Augusta' railway.' Plans : for- 1059 miles of the work have been prepared, and when the Minis ter for Home Affairs has satisfied himself that all necessary. ? authority exists the The Japanese training -ship.s:.-As.o (forr merly the Russian' Vessel Bayan) and Soya (formerly tlie Russian. Variag) ar rived at Sydney from Auckland on Mon day morning. .-They, remain at Sydney till January 22, on which date they leave for Japan, via Townsville, -Batavia, Singa pore, etc. . 'An agreement, ratified, at the last -meet- ing 'of the Manly Municipal Council, grants the Manly and Port Jackson Ferry Co- a new lease, of the local wharfs, for three terms of four, three and three years'. The total rental to be paid by the com pany will,: it is estimated, amount to about £700 per annum. At an inquiry at 'Adelaide into the death of Thomas Cass (60), whose body had been found in Torrens Lake, evidence showed that deceased's hat was grasped hi one oC his hands. There was no reason to suspect suicide, and the coroner, in finding a verdict of accidentally 'drowned, said it was pretty evident Cass had lost his life in' an attempt to' recover his hat. 'While ' driving1 . an fierht-horse ' waersron team at Gno«rangerup, Western Australia, an immigrant named Charles Wright got into difficulties througlv a passing sulky startling the horses. In an attempt to con trol them he was caught between a wheel and a tree, andi^buld not be released till the tree was cut down! He died 20 minutes afterwards. Trial burnings at the State limekiln at Taree have produced a quantity of excel lent limje. A large amount of stone is being stacked ready for the kiln, and when the short line to connect the Avbrks with the North Goast railway is completed, bui'ning operations will become continuous. Tt is reported ' that the existing - plant5 is to be greatly extended; ..-.?? r At Hay, on Friday, a fire which 'started on the premises of Charles H. Best, Stationer, totally destroyed a two-storied building at the corner of Lachlan .and AJlma' streets. .The chief sufferer was; the owner of the' building, C. Brown, saddler, who had had extensive renovations done, and-was-about^to. move intoJt! This loss is estimated at £1250. The body of a man which was found/iin Darling Harbor, near the Grafton wharf, ori; December '31', has been identified from a photograph taken and circulated by the: police, as that of James Stevens (55), a laborer, who left Lockhart for Sydney on December 22. Stevens had in~ his pos session, when he left, a cheque for £37 5s. Money amounting to £34 was found on the body. Sydney Carrick, a Leichhardt butchering employee, while stepping from a meat waggon at Glebe Island, got . his- arm caught in a hook on the vehicle. —It was torn; open from the eibow to' the . .wrist, ' and at .the Sydney Hospital it was found necessary to insert 24 stitches inside the. wound, to bind torn arteries and liga ments, and 12 stitches oir the surface to close the gash. On her arrival at' Port Jackson from Hongkong on Sunday, the steamer Taiyuan Avas ordered into quarantine. No further case of smallpox had » occurred since tlie landing of the one infected mem ber of the crew at Thursday Island, but - it - is the intention of the De partment to detain the 124 persons in volved at the Quarantine Station until ?there is no possibility of infection. A Sydney boy, Gordon Logan (9½) boarded a train at Kiama with the inten tion of travelling as far as Bombo. As he had hot bought a ticket or given .110.7 tice to the guard, the train ran past the platform .without- stopping. The .boy thereupon .jumped out, and struck some rocks at the entrance to a cutting. His skull was badly fractured, and he died in the Kiama Hospital. . ' ' A deputation, from the Australian Fish and Packing Co. to carry on work at Shark's Bay, asked AVest Australian Colonial Secretary. Drew, on Friday for financial aid in carrying on the company's work. The Minister, in reply, sarc^ ne could not grant this, unless the company entered into an agreement to supply fish in the Perth market at specified schedule rates. ? At Willaura, V., on Saturday night, a fire originating in a draper's shop through an explosion of benzine, spread to neigh boring buildings, and destroyed half one side of the main business thoroughfare. The further spread of the flames was prevented by the arrival from Ararat by special train, four hours after the fire started, of the fire brigade of that town. Eleven shops and several dwellings were burnt. . . .. . Mr. A. C. AVright, representing, the American contracting firm of Pratt, Whitney, and Co., has arrived at Lithgow to superintend the working of the factory for three months in accordance with the terms of the contract. It is stated in Lithgow that of ffcial trial of the power plant at the factory have proved very un satisfactory. This portion of the equip ment was manufactured for the Commonr wealth Government at the. N.S,W. State Dockyard, Cockatoo Island. ? Returns compiled by the Sydney Ship ping1 Master show that during 1911- the vessels arriving at the port, exclusive of warships and State coastal traders, num bered a total of 2255, an increase of 161 as compared with the number during 1910. These were of an aggregate of 8,702,046 tonnage, with crews numbering 149,929, and brought passengers to a total of 146,948. Wages paid to seamen in ad vance notes and through the shipping office amounted to £88,561^ work will bo put in hand. ' ? The Commonwealth Meteorological Bu reau claims that 89 per cent, of its fore casts for 1911 were correct. At Broken Hill on Monday, Sydney Rolf, an employee in the South Mine, was crushed by a fall of stone, and died in consequence in the local hospital. Returns received by the CommOnAvealth Treasurer show that of the £9,883,909 outstanding in Australian notes on Nov. 3 £6,058,129 was held by the various banks. William H. Patrick, part owner of Eversleigh Station, near Quambone, com mitted suicide at the homestead by taking strychnine. A girl of 14 named Eva Townsend, who lives in Myrtle- street, Sydney, Ayas badly crushed against a^ fence by a passing; cart in a lane at the rear of a Darlington fac tory. She sustained internal injuries. While sitting in a Sydney cafe on Tuesday night,, Thomas Yeates (60), a. Darlinghurst bootmaker, gasped and fell to the floor.. He was taken to Sydney Hospital, where it was found that he was dead. A conference of representatives of the municipal councils on the northern side of Sydney Harbor is-^to be held to discuss the question of urging the Government to construct across the harbor the bridge that has been so long considered desirable. The conference. Ayill probably sit in the Chatswood.ToAvn Hall. early next month. ? While the train from Orange to Sydney was near 'the former tOAvri on Monday evening, a ,hea\ry thunderstorm occurred, .during which all the windoAVs on one side of two carriages were shattered by the concussion caused by a flash of lightning striking close to the line. Miss Vida Goldstein, after a long stay in Great Britain, during which she took a prominent part in the agitation for votes for women, reached Fremaritle on Tuesday by the S.S. Macedonia; She is of opinion that the franchise for women will be an accomplished fact in Great Britain Avithin the next twelve months. ' . It has been finally decided by the De fence Department that if the N.S.W. Gov ernment Avill do something to make the, place more accessible .Captain's Point at Jervis Bay will be made the site of the temporary buildings for the naval college. Home Affairs 'Minister 'O'Malley is to in terview N.S.W. Works Minister Griffith on the subject. It has been reported to the Sydney police that William G. Clarke (30), who had been recruiting at the Sahration Army Indus trial Farm, near Dee Why, after a heavy drinking bout, was found dead in his bed on Monday night. There was a deep wound in his throat, and a bloodstained fazor Awas found in the room. Clark Avas a recent arrival from New Zealand. Extensive bushfires prevailed among the wooded ranges near Liverpool on Monday and Tuesday. Considerable damage, was done to grass and fences; Much damage has also been done by bush fires at A'arious places along the South Coast Fire-fighting parties from Helens burgh had much difficulty in saving several houses near that tOAvn. A't Wellington Parade, East Melbourne, on Monday night, Leopold Tullidge, a draper's assistant, who. had obtained' a divorce from his wife, quarrelled with' and allegedly, attacked Roland William Holt; Avho had been named as co-respondent in the case. During the struggle a revolver was fired, Tullidge being fatally shot in the chest. Holt was arrested on a charge, of wilful murder. . 