'g^|Se^idt'iii; .???JCJ^ aigie. ? v './' . .:;? (By our Correspondent) ;:.-?' .-?;'? That this scritjc is neither dead ;' . nor slccpRtli, but ? : ?:?? . Tlutt since the hotel has clisnp ' . pearcd his spirit has been clampud byhavini; no spirits to !;eep liis ' ; spirit up ; :.? . . That since the spirits Imvc Kiven out the public spirit has disap . ' puaretl also, and ?That in consequence no public ; meetings and Catherines have been, held, even the local Po=t proppcrs' Club has disbanded ! That Air. John Clifford is still ; . . B-Tiously ill in consequence of hia accident; : ? That the public wish (,'cnial Jack a speedy recovery ; That Dr. Ponsford is (Joins his :/. best to bring this about. That Mr. and Mrs. John Bruce, v/ho returned lately from a I hnjjlhy stay in Sydney, intend I . ,. settling down in Craijjie ar;ain. I That Messrs. Reveridfje Dros. j are busy constructing a road from tiic' brid-;e to Mr. Edwards' pro : perty, Tooraloo ; That the contractors are makinc iijood headway, but ;.' That the ro;id v/as renlly no! needed as the main traffic on it I areperamlnilators ; That the Quinburra, Deep Creek, :i!id section of the main Bouib.-la road needed improving more than the new section. That the general topics of late have been bush-fires and sick ness ; That Messrs. Stokes Bros., of Bij-: Dorr, assisted by willing neighbours, had a j^reat struggle ? with the lire fiend to save their homestead ; That they succeede.! in thc!r task, but That a «reit -!e,l.of fencing and jctv.FS was burnt. That the sun lias been hidden from viev/ by dense smoke clouds .. for over a week. iuai u is raining at kisi, and I That the rain may continue for n week. _ That everybody's tank \yas empty and thai the people \vf ?; draw and cany water froini :.r i ? and creeks. '' ':/ \ That if the Editor of the ...-.?jus guarantees to supply a bottle of whisky p;r week to this scribe, ..the Editor will have to print no more complaints, as this scribe guarantees in return to vvrite some nonsense like above every week. That writing is dry work, but That reading this will be drier. 