District Councils. JULIA. The district council of Kapunda applied to meet Eorae members of the district re the crossings over the light on account of necessary repairs. Councillors Twor, Pfltzner, Lampaid will dit-- c.iss the matter with the council. Tenders Metal about i chains near E. Pfltener's dam, about . 4 chains, near E. Pfltzner's house, and about 2J chains near Throwwater, on FriedrichEwaldeEu dunda-road, about 7 chains near A. Pfltzner's homestead. Clerk reported that the Government granted £411 for main roads. BBOUGHTON. January 16. — Present— Councillors Pilkinfrton (chairman), Vivian, Freeman. Perrin, and Harris. Correspondence— Destitute Department advised re extended Eystem of relief; also that A. T. Toste vin's tender for rations had been accepted for 1912\. John Cox, and others, applied, for 10 chains rubble on Clement's Gap; granted. D.C. of llundoora asked that council share the cost of sheeting 9 chains at Aitchi^on's Creek, and 7 chains rubble road in same Ipcality. Boundary main road — SheetiJifj agreed to. and 5 chains of raked lime;tone suggested in place of 7 chains of rubble. F. H. Jones applied for permission to lay pipes across road, also James Plikington and Pemn Eros.; eranted. Crown Lands Department advised that main road; grant for year was £556. R. H. Dunsford, and others, applied for 10 chains, rubble on road, between Stone's and Ste.ele's sections: granted. Councillor Harris re ported havinj? arranged with W. D. Carman to erect tree guards, and council to bear half the cost; approved. Clerk to arrange for poison cart to be used in block F. Tenders accepted Contract 8, P. J. Browne; contract 13, G. and B. Home; No. 16, P. J. Browne; No. 17, W. Nixon; No. 19, G. Loiuonire. Payments— District. £3i IS. HIGHE-RCOMBE. January 16. — Present— All. Letter from Crown Lands Department that council's application for in increased main road grant would receive due consideration. Total amount allotted for cur rent year was £795. Receipts— General fund, £14 4/; payments, £9 15/. ONKAPARIJTGA. Janrary 22. — Present — Councillors Epoehr 'chairman), Kerber. Xewmnn, Pike, Paoeb, and ^^?g:e^?E. Clerk stated that the Oinncin gas laTip iad been erect«l at the Paft-Offlce at Grur.thal, and was working satisfactorily. Boundary-road, by O.' Bay's; Ganger Hearn^ to Inspect *nd :s&. ' port next council.day.^ .Ganger Pox reported thai '?-., a- bridge had been partial, y ^Jestroytd tor 'S -bush.- fire near Victor'*; a temporary /crowini had beW ?- made; it was resolved that Councillor Rogers get a price for timber required end delivered, AniL -. -r if considered, too hish, -to coll fortendtns. , W, ? Mart-hall's offer to repair bridge near his piaoji for £5 to £fl accepted. Ganger Condon called attention .to the Ktate of the following bridges:— On Bcreher'^rcsifi, and on maiii road, near Tu*r ner's and the Balhanah mine; Councillor Sposhi . mid ganger to attond to the former, and the Ba gineer of Roads, and Bridges t-/ tw asked $6 in spect the two latter; 'Resolved that for tho future the pay for the gangers lie 8/ -iay, whilst in any employment for the cwuncii, and to re ceive a holiday on the day of- the- Woodsid« show. Seventy-five- yards of metal to be obtained for James' Kxird, and 25 for Stony Creek Ford, tp be l-roken on the fords, to be attended to at once. Councillor Pike lo be. allmved to nave the iruard fencinjr repaired at Approaches to ?Leek's Bridge. From H. S. Bleechiriore, direct ing/the council's attention that the boundary- lino of Martin's land oppesite Py's includes the Whit* gum trees outrade the fence, and ,as these tiect arc not on the «ad they murt not be in terfered with From Crown Lands Office, inti mating that £1,460 had been granted this coun cil for the main roads. Tenders to be called for SO yards 2i-in. metal for Quarry-road; 5U yards on road from Burls' towards reserve; and 30.' yards for Moffat-street, in Wood.-ide; 40 yards foe Birdinhand-rcad, near Sickerdiek's; and 20 yards on the New Era Hill; also for gravel blinding for the maintenance metal, 3 yarns to 10 yards of metalling:. .- Tendem accepted— Lighting street lamps, in Woodside. J. J. Woodrow; 75 yards ol gravel, for Charleston-road, T. Sinkinson, at 6/ yard. Rcceiiits, £188 J/. Payments— District^ £42 12/; main road, £55 13/. UPPER WAKEFIELD. January 20. — Present — All. Chairman reported? inspection of port on of district roads and found much woik necessary. Clerk reported opening of n,ew bridge, and total cost to the couneu would be £10 10/. Sports and recreation park) rejlised '£12 16/. Decided to put protection fences at each tnd of new bridge. Clerk reported that a 5 x %) windmill had been ordered for re creation park. Payments, £46. Work asked Tor by Councillor * Dennison to be carried out, Saddleworth Council to be asked to co-operate iq rena:ripg crossing on Pine Creek. Main road giant. £l,0«5. Bailing- at new bridge to b£ left lor present. Pajinents, £29 9/. PARA WIKRA. January 27. — Present — All. Crown Lands Depart* ment notified aprropriation grant ''or main roads. Council will not be able to place the roads in repair with the amount granted. Council can not issue licenses for park lands. District coun. cil of Mqjmt Crawford's reply that they would be able tn gravel the Linioid ford. Bidgeod stated pound yards unsafe. Overseer to attend to same. Fu Upton Bros* asked the council i{ the boundary read was closed by their sections. Clerk to inside enquiries re the boundary of Talunga. Cash collected for the month, £06 6/J ppymrnts— ? General, £51 11/; main road fund £78 12/. 