? I ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS, j Willanjie. — Your message was de lightful. I must quote it: 'I have had' (you write) 'an awfully nice let ter from my Natal correspondent and some snap- shotB. I think I fall deeper in love with tho League every week, I feel quite lost if I don't read every 'Journal.' ' It is groat 1 The Lea gue is successrui, oecause or the people in it. Its members make it wfiat it is. Which is a oompliment to Lea guers. Long live the League I K.M.G.M. — The horse race must have been great fun, more especially as your own horse won. Horseracing is tho sport of happy people — when it is for sport. Your account of how your horse tried to gallop every time yon cantered it after the race made my fingers itch for the reins again. For I've been racing too ! And I know how the good horse reefs and tears and. prances and pulls in its eagerness to bo off, and the sound of clattering hoofs (in tho rear) and the sight of foaming mouths and panting aides and tossing head aro to me fami liar. What jov it was to gallop a inilo, leading, the crowd by lengths! 'And I ache in this city prison. In this desert of rolling roots For the lift of snaffle and stirrup, For the ring of galloping hoofs.' After drought, when you see the 'filmy veil or greenness that thickens as you gaze,' you know that bush 1 ? ? 1 ; land is a grand land. As you put it: 'We fight tho dingoes,, rabbito, drought, firo' and flood; and wo^enjoy tho good rains, fat stock, singing happy birds, wild, exciting g;allopa, and the picnics in tho bends of|cl4&r;, cool creelcs with tho laughter of tho merry makors floating awav on 1 the balmy are.' Please, I liko that picture! It it pretty, nicely- coloured,', graphic, true. And as a city person — I am that for tho present. I sup'poso — I ac cept your pity in tlio spirit in which it is given. I know tho buishland and I know tho city waya and — niy heart is ovor tho range where tho eucalyp tus-scented breezes blow, i I Coo-eo. — The eucalyptus-scented hills and the wattleshaded valleys aro echo ing i^( startling rabbits land silen cing birds. The men look up from tho harvest fields as the cry liomea ovor tho stubble from tho homestead an nouncing that tho meal is ready. Shooter calls to shooter across the hare-infested hills. Even in 1 the school playground, an occasional bush-boy anouts it by way of showifag I that he knowd the native call. Yesi, ''Coo-ee' is a 'fairly familiar cry, i-edblent of bush memories and the days We used to know. Australians who have tra velled overseas will tell you that to hear a 'coo-ee' in a New York' theatre or in ' a London gathering lis ^alm to the smarting soul, and thdt it comes as a well-loved half-forgottten 'air. I like the way you look at itl : 'I think I will' have a try for the Essiy Com petition. Of course I ddn't expect to get' a prize, but it will bb more fun waiting to see who does.' Exactly! We are more interested in llhe'race we run ih than the one we don't — even thougii wo aro defeated. ;Let us try, this is the great thing. A k fdr defeat or victory — well, that is jiist an inci dent by tho way. The ma1, in [thing is trying. Wiio thought first of our badge? It was, I think, Ian, English idea. ' The Badge is made in England, and itl is worn bv members of the Lea gue 'throughout the Empire. Girls and boys wear it in South1 Africa, in Canada, in India, in 'the West Indies, in tho United 1 Kingdom, and — in Australia. As you say the Badge is a 'dear little thing.' i I - Wattleblossom. — Forget thee? I couldn't forget Leaguers. 'Twere as well tb bid the forest birds liorget their sweetest tune, to bid the sea^ forgot to swell beneath the moon., No Lea guer has kept silence for ever, so far as I know, and so even in the worst cases I there is no reason ^or [despair. It is fine to be able to hope. And every 1 now and then a Lea^uei', dumb for iriany moons, speaks aigain and thus justifies my faith. School break. ing-up is a 'tremendous affair' you say, and I believe you are ijight. What girl doesn't look forward to it with a quickening of the pulse and a bright ening of the eye? Two ptizes was a good performance, in spite 'of 'the fact that one girl actually won ;foUr. Some people seem to have a habit ' cf win ning prizes. It seems as1 easy for them Ito win as for others to lose. I'd rather loso every time th.tui not try at all — wouldn't you? Tlno fun is to bp in the game, playing your best. It must ' havo been awful, lying' sick in bed ^,-ith tiie bush-fires all' round. It makes one appreciate health. ' If you had been roasted, as you feared, there would' havo been no nuire , League. Therefore — well, what do 'you. think? Tho fact that you don't knbw 'why the place is called Pony Hills Reminds on© that 'the names of lots of, our places don't' seem to havo any significance. I have hoard of a place dallikl Gum tree Gully, which wasn't a gully and hadn't any trees at all. One 'man ex plained that was just wh.V. If you could get back to tho day it was named, however, you would ifind a story that would explain,1 probably. Therei may havo beeu a tree on a hill at One Tree Hill, once1 on a time. You think girls are not gi\len to mak ing excuses moro than boys,1, But, then, you are a girl 1 And you 'believe that woine'n can do things better than men. So does every woman. But — let's help Ono another 1 ' Quarrain. — An excellent iway of be ginning the Now Year: joining tho League. May many more follow your excellent example. You ithink '1912 is going to bo such a nice year.' So do 1 1 1 It should bo the best year ever. All the years behind aro dead, all those before are not yet born, only this year 'is living, and as such, all hail ! it is best because it is alive ana here. Let us make the most of it ! 'You will enjoy Ella Wheeler Wiloox'ri poems. Every girl does, so far ata I know. Therei is something in thfem I for all. Sne has a catchy way of1 putting things — I 'Sing, and- the hills will answer; Sigh, it is lost on the air, i The echoes bound to a joyful sound, But shrink from voioingi care.' Yes, I wont 'hack to thiD bush' for the holidays, baok to tho purple shades and the el Doradoes we knew as girls and boys. It was great II Spirited horses to ride, spanking j horses to drive, shooting in plenty, tdime for sun sets, and above all, the old familiar places and tho old familial faoes. It was good just to be there. 1 Morago. — Two now members : Good for you, and the League. (A fri«nd who works for you ia a gift of the gods. The League is blessM this wav. Tell 'Red Wings' to wri^o. Veronica. — I am glad the correspond ence has oome right. Little things aro apt to go wrong at times, but patience generally sees them ! oorreot ed. The agreement to write fort nightly is good. Monthly is hardly frequent enough. IJow happily the holi days must have been with two! of your sohool friends'— -both Leaguers — staying with you. And all from'thk city in tho country! Holidays are great when you have earried them, andl, df oourse, every echoolgirl has. ; I I | : I' I 