BLACK THURSDAY. Tremendous Fires. Immense Loss of Property/ A distinct smell of smoke and burning gum leaves permeated the atmosphere of the city on Thursday,- and it was evident from the dense volume of copper- coloured clouds which shrouded the landscape to the east and south-east of Adelaide tiiat (some thing unusual was happening. There had, been extensive fires burning in the neigh- bourhood of Bridgewater, Mount Lofty, Mylor, and Eagle-on-the-Hill the previous night, but the increasing temperatures combined with the etiflinj; effect of einoke. indicated that the zone of lire niuet have increased. When a repn*exrtative of The Kegkter motored into the hills on Thurs day this impression was confirmed. Tha lire, which liad started ill Mr. George Til- ley's property, south-west of the Eagle-on- the-Hill, on Wednesday afternoon, had made considerable progreifi during the night, and caused n great amount of a-nxioty among the eettlers iu tin; neighbourhoo'L Prom a spectacular standpoint tie right was magnificent, and sur|«a«ed any j/yro-' technic displfly ever witmysed in the vicr nity of the city. Dweller* in the nflk,i who have seen many big fire* in tlielrj time, sbtUjd that the}- line) mwr -witnessed;. anything approaching the jireeeut ronflagra-! tion from the point of view of J7indeur.- The night was stifiitigly llbt and e)oudle»*.. and the half-grotm moon looked down in blood- red form through the canopy (if smoke which shrouded the whole expant* of the surrounding country. Tbere was ai fairly strong vnxul blowing, and thk fanned! the flames in many directions, according to' the contour of the hills, tlie eullit* act ing like funnels to attract the blaat as it pained in force. On Thursday morninK, however, the trouble ben) was pxactioaUy' ended, excepting that th« telephone luui men.were bwiily cngaeed in .restoring -'oni- mumcation between the city and the Stir-, ling exchange. This was by no means aft' easy matter, ae limbs of burning teeea were falling at intervals across the wired, imd| the gang of men under Mr. Dabovk-li had . practically 'been working throughout the' night. ' —More Trouble Ahead.— From 'The Eagle' a course was f leered ; to the Germantown Hill, with the objea. of j seeing what , amount of dtunage had beeii i done in that direction by the fire which threatened Bridgewater (in the previous ! day. Just before reaching- Aldpate, how-/ ever, the familiar groups t-£ smoke-stained i men were encountered on the main road ad jacent to Mr. T. E. Barr .Smith's residence, and it wm ascertained that another fire had started only a few minutes previously, under a lamp-post on the wide of tlie roady the grass apparently having been ignited bf the focus of the sun's r.iys thrvugfo tw» glass of the lamp. Here there were about i 80 men at work, and they bad a rimtwtvi* task, as the flames had secured a firm hold on a dense mass of undergromh on the eas tern side of the road, and were running uj- the big etringybark treea in quicker tinxi' than it takes to write. At one *tage it appeared as though some of the wooden structures connected with t.ats AJdgate Kail way Station would perish, but tlie fire fighters managed to overcome the difficulty. Just at this moment a littlp giri came run ning down from the direction of the Aid gate Pump Hotel, artd infoiined the weary' betttere that two homes were on fire at Uite rear of the hostelry. In a moment evenr evidence of fatigue disajrpeared. and a rwn. was made in the direction indicated, frenb. boughs being torn from the roadside M they ran. The, thought of some one being inside the burning buildinsrs i»ve rowdily to their movements, It waa lwlf a mile to the fresh outbreak, but the di«tw\ce was booh covered by the more agile, —Women's Graceful Acts.— Having plenty of room 4u the notor ear j the pressmen picked up ajveral'old men/ who, as the car sped in the direction of the seat of trouble, told of the tiourtesien which' had been extended to the firefighters by the ladies in the district. Mm. Barr Fmrth-i came in for high eulogisms, 'Although *h» had guests at the housei' one stated, 'Mns. Barr Smith behaved splendidly. She had« her friends and maidg handing out rcfrash menta to the men, and with her own hand*1. seized a hose and watered the haystack to1 prevent it from igniting.' Then, again, too much praise cannot be bestowed upon the' young girls in the neighiiourhooo, who,, with skirte pinned up to s;iye them from' the burning undergrowth, plied backward* and forwards with buc&ta; to adjacent' tanks. . -^A House on Fire.— The little maid who convi-yed the intelli gence that houses were alight at the rear of the hotel, was perfectly right with her in formation, as Mr. Martin's week-end cottage of six rooms was then well alight. It wan' a cheap galvanized building, lintd with, matchboard, and dumped down in the vir gin scrub-without any thought of bu&bfire;*' ever coming in its dSrcqtioti. The ques-. tion was asked whether there was auy onp likely to be inside, and in iwpoime half a. dozen 6talwart hiUsmen started forward to* answer the enquiry. They were, however, recalled by Mr. Conole, thn station ina«tcr of Aldgate, who was hard at work beat ing- out the flames which threatened to fioize other homesteads. When he explained that Mr. Martin's season ticket*1 had terminated the previous day, tuid tbe' fonuJy had returned to the city, there vw, no_ need for further questioji. The diurnal wails of a cot were heard at tltis slagr, and' a few seconds later a badly singed gpeumen' of the feline tribe was rescued from a circle' of burning undergrowth, ami tenderly car ried by a youth to the liomo of jtn owner, M*. Klisby. The flainea at this period threatened tie house of l[r. Sines, Mr Martin's partner, but there waa time to bum a break around the dinelliitg, and it, ws caved. In the meantime the otlw kiilding was fast nearing complete demoli tion. The flames were feeding on the match- ; board lining, and issuing in vigorous jetui from under the eaves. TIm? #ass in the i window then split with accompanying jt- | porta like rifle -scots, and whim a free cur- , rent of air paaeed through the structure, - the end come in a few mmuU«. O«? by one the wooden uprights were bu»«l through, the galvanized iron twisted and buckled like paper, and the biilding finally collapsed. - ? -Big Fight at MVlon. At toa tine dense wreaths -jf smoke urerff' seen issuing from the directii» of MyW, and after a smart run to the Mocker jiettJe ment it was easily seen that tlie residents ia «»at part had been underaoinE » trvW toe. Mr. W. Ho^TXlrkLe Q been razed to the ground, and the home* o/1 Mesa* H. JamiMon and \V. Tilling ha-J| been threatened more than omse. The ht ftJ'J* ^a\ ST $*** Pntstnied with fatigue, and bad to be removed. At Mylor the local school master (Mr. B. A. McCaf- ' trey) was hard at work with the pane of menwho had 'assembled from the unround- i ing (country, and a numifcr of lit boyn w«V engaged supplying them with tea and Jate m the afternoon were afll;inK the om* force T4 KSalt ™m fe« —The Damage Don,; — present tune but it must run . fiL, w£, haw occurred k Oie hilb, jT' tricta uW the part few dA fc mohshed 50,(M0 acres of feedajidT W percentage of tbe timber growing m t£2 belt of country. In addition TtCJ^ sound chain of fewing in the yhole of lh Z area traversed by the Kres. !g£j ''--- the orchard^ haw suffered to«£JPS:l ?ad tlw will mean a mbtfantjal Josfuife.' MXtkM, many of Turnorn, unlortuliatdy Zl- no |i« a notion to afford it Jn A^i direcUon in the track of the flaW 2 chards were swept Ihnrcgh. H,e W '™ lft(fca mfc.tba season1* «op. M^g: Hhe- berries? and 'stone {mite liad been liar V«ted. It was distressing to see the wagon }oddz of apples and pears which were isfi; rurtiatry roasted on the trees. Apart from fclie damage done to; dwellings and farm buildings, at 'will probably taJie ^01110 weeks fti- thoroughly restore wlejranhic and tele vpjionic communication tlirougliout the liills Wistrk'ts. .Jjarge numbers of the poles sup raortinff' tho wires overt', .burned to the pound. From this it will be seen that the fires which are at present raging in the liilla are probably the most destructive that have, ever been experiened there, and of the existing -weather conditions continue it is difficult to say how faxreachiug fheir influence will bo, — Lssons Gained — ?On tbc sidling wrnnlry in the hills dis tricts it Has always lieen a difficult matter to keep orchard lands in a state of culti vation to resist the rawges of tire, but in some of the plantations burnt out on Wed nesday and. Thursday it was evident that little effort had been made to lid the gar dens of weeds. These holdings suffered in consequence, while .other gardens adjoining escaped with practically no Joss whatever. Another point which must in future be confiidered by the casual hilLs dwellers is the 'provision of firebreaks around their homes, whether they are intended for week-ending purposes or not. It k agree , a.ble ;un-kr [normal circumstances to have a cottage surrounded by a dense growth of native scrub, but it is disastrous when busiwnres occur. ' ? ? —The Eagle Blaze.— It appears that after the fire had jumped across the road from Mr. Tilley's garden, it took a westerly direction over the grass country. Then it changed its course a point |Or more to the west, and headed through Young's grazing paddocks in the direction of ills? Ijeworthy's house,_ burn ing all the feed, scrub, and fences -which lay Jto ita.track. — Leawood m Danger.— The flames raced with great fury into the quaint old garden at Leawood. where Miss Leworthy lives. The holding consists of 80 acres, with two-thirds grass land, and the rest an orchard of all kinds of fruits. It is an old- and well-known landmark at the sharp bend of the road east of the Mountain Hut Inn, and leads from the old to the new main road into the hills. There were extensive blackberry ami other bushes, and an abundance of undergrowth and grass in the garden, and the flames de voured this fuel with great relish. As the fire raced through the trees the fruit was literally roasted as it .hung on the branches. Many of the trees were de rtroywt, and others were partially ruined. PractaeaHv the whole of the fencing was jurnt. The lofty- pines close to the house jecame tower* of fire. After reach ing the top of these giants-some of which m»n» nrarlv 100 ft. high— the flames shot heavenwards. In the undergrowth the flames formed into whirlwinds which swept through the garden, and distributed showers of sparks. Mra Leworthy said it was the mast elorions, and at the same time most pitiable, spectacle she had ever witnessed. The flames after getting within 50 ft. of the house took a sweep to the right, and mcini. through, the fruit trees journeyed into Mr. Smith's orchard. Lea ?.vood k built on a flat cut out of the side of- the mil, and while the house abuts right on the face of the rock the, roof is about level with the undeqnxwth and pass, on the northern side. There are pines and other trees right up to the fringe of the bonaeroof, and had the fire not taken a sweep to the 'right nothing could have eaved the braiding from destruction, Miss Le worthy and the ?workers took bedding and other articles out 'of the house, and placed them on the roatteideJor safety, but after a particularly anxious time the danger passed. The house was insured. Among tile prominent vorkera here ?were Messrs, I Srani, Young, and Shannon end M-&. Dun staa (of Adelaide). — ;A Tlirillincr Ernerienee.— : Mr. P. Young had a most thrilling ex perience. ' A number of horees belonging to his father were in a paddock affected by the fire, and he had to race the -animal* .lirough the flamca to rescue them. Mr. ? Boons Tvas ringed by the fire, and so was jibe . horse which he rode. f— Telephone Communication Restored.— 'During the night many of the pasts I which convey the trunk lines bo the'Stirl jivg exchange ignited and the telephone k-ommunication betvreeh Stirling, Murray fP-ridge, Strathalbyn, and inter mediate towns and Adelaide was kint off. The foreman in charge 'of the reconstruction work stated on Thurs day afternoon that all of the trunk lines had been restored at a quarter to 1. At iiigle-on-the-Hill 24 wires were snapped through by a falling tree, and here along the linemen had to join 48 ends. This was particularly important work, calling for »reat care. A relief party of seven men was sent from Adelaide to the assistance Vif the gang in charge of Mr. C. Dabovitch, jand they got through the work most cxpe ditdoualy. The fires afc Aldgate, Mylor, and Hahndorf on Thursday destroyed hundreds ?at telegraph poles and cauasl other inter ruptions in the telephonic and telegraphic service, but the reconstruction parties were immediately at work restoring the circuit. These men also rendered valued help m fighting the fire at some of the houses thac iwerc threatened with destruction. ' ' -Eagle-on-thoHill- ,VOn Thureday morning the wind renewed : tho fire in the viciraty of Mr. G. IiWb, ' and it made its way along the side ot tne hill skirting the road towards the homes $ Messrs. F. and R. Tffley. Eortunately, . however, the dwelling had not been seri ously threatened before the flames had been got under control. One of the numerous ? trees which had their head, laid tow fell across the main road, and interfered some what with the vehicular traffic. ; . ,' — tildgate in Trouble.— The-residenta of the picturesque township ?S-f Aldzate had been troubled with anxious (forebodings when they' had beheld (ires ?raginjr, on both sides of them, and it had Ibeen feared that at any time they might \ be n^1'* upon to meet the dread enemy at grips in their own homes. About 1 p.m. on Thureday a column of smoke was, seen to rise on the main road in front of Wiaroa, Mr.-T. E. Barr Smith's residence. For ? tunately. 30 or 40 railway men were work ? ing at tne station, and they and residents ? were speedily on the ectnc of the conila jrration, and by the aid of green boughs plucked from the trees or wet bags fought the flamea right royally. The fire scam pered up the heavily timbered alope on the Government reserve from the main road to , wards Mr. Barr Smiths, but lucidly it was prevented from getting a 'hold on hia ? property. The,, drive from Dr. Wigss's. resi dence .to the station saved that dwelling, land Mr. Sewell's nursery, and also confined jthe cbnfiagration to an area of about 20 Inures,' As there was an abundance of Istringy bark, broom, and blackberry hedge, jthe roar of the fire W3S terrifying. . It' ran (to within a few yards of the raflwayline, but the vigilance of the workers, prominent among whom was Mr. Conolc, the station toaster, kept it from reaching to the per manent way_ or buildings. The (lames, de nied of their prey here, leapt across the main road, and raced through the scrub to wards the home of Mr. M. S. Hawker and fMessra. Smith & Menzell's nursery, but al jthough it had excellent, fuel to work upon (the beatera,grafting like Trojans, gamed the [mastery. On. the whole7 the victories by ithe men here,: who were about 100 strong, made'a mostr iqeritorious save, and won the utmost gratitude from not only the prc^ perty' owners most directly concerned, but ahn the other residents of .this heavily jtimbered and popular beauty spot. A —Relentless Fire-r-Homes Destroyed.— Scarcely had the beatcra conquered the outbreak# lierc, however, before a report waa received that reFiiiencea to the south east, of and 'immediately adjoining, the AWgato Puinp Hotel, were in imminent danger of beinc'* demolished. An ember had been carried from the other fire, half a mile away, by the strong. wind, and depo sited in the uri^lergrowth, and immediately fflamea were generated, and set off at a ijpulop. Workers frotu the snrroundinj? dis. itnets .exerted superhuman efforts to check 'die progress of the enemv, and while they succeeded in keeping it at bay so far as the homes of Messrs. R. Gisby and T. IFowlefahd Mrs. Hicnning, on the Mount ?Barker road, were concerned, they could not prevetrt it from reaching the galvanized iron houses' of Messrs. Simes and' Martin who live at Port Adelaide, but went to Aldgate to spend week-ends. Both these residences were erected on scrub land, and as Tacti cally bo clearing had been done for their safety they were in a hopeless situation. ?Before the men could get to Mr. Martin's ,«tructure it was encompassed by the flames, vand, becoming ignited, was speedily demo lished with its furnishings. It burnt like .tissue paper in a huge furnace. The loss ?was estimated at over £100, and sympathy i.was expressed for the owner. A 'rinj' fwas promptly burnt around Mr. SimesV place, and that procedure saved it. Then the fames scampered across country, and bnrnt themselves out on reaching land that had been ''grazed' by the blaze in that di rection on Wednesday, or were extinguished as they approached the homesteads front ing on' to the Mylor road, and which for tunately were skirted at the back by [lightly grasped hud, on which the owners I had the- advantage. The fire here eu j eroachod on the properties of Mrs. Willis land Messrs. K. Jones (two houses), T. Cul ! linan, H. ltaker. and J. Lane, but no' difli ;eulty was experienced in saving th« dwell ings. —Mylor in Jeopardy. — The outbreak at Bridgewatei- on 'Wed nesday llwul extended back towards the On kaparinqa .River, and on Thursday the resi dents of ifylor found theiusidvcs face to face with .-. serious problem; It was how ?to isave the many holdings' that lay right in the track of the scarlet king. The j monarch rode on in gharfly furv, and' no obstacle /seemed too great for it to pass 'over. The Mylor folk 'turned out to a mau, and here, as eke.vhere, some of the [hardest grafters were pioueere of the dis Itrict, wiio have passe-d the ? Psihubl's al lotted fipao of life. The young workers had reason to feel proud of these ''grand old men' as they fought side by side- with ? them for the protection of 'their posses sions. In the acriib, with an abundance of teatree, braekeu, fern, and debris, noth ing could be done to stop the onward march of the fire. On Wednesday an effort Iliad been made to burn 'breaks' to meet the oncoming, giant, but tins proved as so much labour id vain, the wind carrying the- llamai in a diiierent direction. — Government Type Orchard Damaged.— The.pride of the. Mylor district, as well ns of Dr. M. Holize, had for many years been the Government Type Orchard, where hundreds of fruit treea liad been planted to prove the different varieties true . to name. It was intendod chiefly as an edu cational undertaking, and while in this re spect it had been instrumental, under Dr. Holtze's care, in accomplishing much good, it kid also 'been of value commercially. The director bad accomplished grand re sults on what was generally regarded .as being eome of the poorer-fluality soil in the hais districts, and his oclaevements there : stood ns an object lesson und guide to or- j chartHste.in all parts of the State. Firel is no respecter of persons or properties, j and that on Thursday swept 'througlh: por tions of the orchard, roming many of the j trees and injuring others. The land is i periodically cultivated between 'the trees,,' but the grass that had grown siiice the last i tdlage vim sufficient to provide fuel for the i flames. The intense heat from the burn- 1 ing scrub n&o; lhad an injurious effect upon the orchard. . —Numerous Houses in the Track.— # The firo 'now had a front of several mHes m width, and as there were numerous dwellings and _ gardens in the zone, the owners and their families had to look after uieir own possessionB to a large extent. Their efforts in the case of Mr. W. Rose, whose storehouse n± The Gorge, MyJor, was gutted, articularlyhar d tussles en sued at 3fcssrs. W. Tiling's and H. Jamie ron?s, and three times the flames threatened the former's dwelling. Mr. Til ling worked so hard that eventually he be came prostrate from fatigue and smoke, and some of the other persons were almost equally affected. The following owners also had their homes in more or less jeopardy, the flames running to' within a few feet of most of the structures:— Messrs. Meredith, Currie, Darby. Lapidge, Smith, Giles, Toole, Cave, White, Penn-e, Nor man, E. Wilson, sen. and jun., Probert. K. Wilson, Wright, Jamieson, and Webber,' Mdme. Mnnchette, and MdDe. Leon. At Wilson's sheds and drays were destroyed. Altogether thousands of fruit trees in full bearing were killed by the fire. The area of the country affected by this blaze was estimated at 25 square miles. Mr. B. A. AfcCaffrey (the schoolmaster) and the resi dents of Mylor aud district generally were on the 'job,' and their efforts were of incalculable benefit in safeguarding the tcwDship from being completely swept by the flames. . — Loogwood, Jupiter Creek, and Echunea.— During the time that the fight at Mylor was the most Strenuous, ominous columns of smoke were seen wreathing up from the vicinities of Longwood, Jupiter, and Echunga Creeks (where Darlington's and Bidgood's estates were first effected), and Dashwood's Chilly. No details of the ex-i tent of these fires could be ascertained, but the indications were such as to demon strate that the conflagrations were of con Kiderable dimensions, and increasing rapidly. They were rasing chiefly in ; Btrinbybark country, but the progress of the outbreak at the creeks was towards I Echunga and Dafhwood's Gully, where the largest proportion of the wattle bark in South Australfa is grown. Mr. M. Ka vanash, an okl and prominent resident of the iSchunga district, in the afternoon ar- ' rived in the (town with the news that' at j that juncture no homesteads were in dan-| ger, but if the fires should be favoured by j Ktrong winds in ' the proper direction Echunga and the immediate neighbourhood would be seriously menaced. Numerous workers proceeded to combat the fiery monster. ' ( — HahndorPs Pliebt — While the outbreaks at Bridgewater and Aldgate , had decended upon Mylor, the eastern front of the Bridgewater bkze had crossed ermantown Hill and raced along towards the Ecmroga road, Hahndorf, : and Eredrichstadt. Here again the scrub waa a great feeder for the fire, which leap; ! the chain roads en route as though they i were but- mere sheep tracks in grass pud- j docks. The alarm of danger spread even | more quickly and generally than had the j ?wild fire, and men arrived from all direc- ! tions and in large numbers -to render such i assistance as might be within their power, j Among those present were prominent resi- ! dents from Mount Barker, Echunga, j Ainblcsidc, ttruuthal, and other places, and it was inspiring to note 'the determined; and united way in which the human army'1, attached the mereileas invader. The flamea ! ran dangerously close to the farms at - Friedriehstadt, which is a channingly-pic- i turesque settlement in the valley to tho I south of Hahndorf. The Hahndorf Ceme tery was swept, and while several home steads had miraculous escapes Mr. R. Tifi cher lost a haystack and outbuildings. The lire passed along the boundary of the re creation ground, but late in -the evening kid not encroached thereon. Nearer the town of Hahndorf— one of the oldest and most lovely settlement!) in the hills— is situated the fine residence of the Hon. Alfred von Doussa, the popular secretary of the Onka parinsa Hating Olub. This home is an ideal one, and the careful cultivation of the onward would have rendered- it immune from danger had the conflagration ?? raged around in thatdh-ection. ' There was' not an ablebodied man to be found in the town late in the afternoon, while the women kept guard . over . the homes. ? .Their faces wore an anxioiB expres sion which told a stonr more ? force fully than could words. Their hope was that the dread enemy would not intrude it self right into their midst, and the latest news at night was that the fighters were holding it m check. One of the greatest difficulties against .which the men bad to cpntend was the sparks, which were car ried long distances, and caused innumerable fires whichhad to be nipped in the bud to prevent a conflagration that would have been -too widespread and terrible to even contemplate. There is much wattle cultiva tion around Hahndorf, and there and else where the loss in tint direction alone will be incalculable. After a fire the wattles shoot- up even more 'plentifully,' and the fencing question is one which will give the landowners most- trouble at present. 'A big fire raged between Mount Barker and Hnhndorf a fortnight ago, and while othera had occurred in different parts of the hills districts three have occurred in the vicinity of Eagle-6n-the-Hill since January 1. —Fierce Blaze in the South.— SECOND VALLEY, February 1.— The heat was intense at an early hour yester day, and soon was added to it the dis comfiture of a great bushfire, the fiercest' since January, 1908. It came from Deep Creek, across to Allen's paddock, and ? quickly assumed serious dimensions. It had a front of several miles. Mr. Sells's blockhole paddock was burnt out, and about 2,000 acres of grass was destroyed. Within this fiery zone 1,500 sheep were grazing, and their fate is not known. There is little hope that many of 'them will escape death. Mr. T.' Cole has had his wattles destroyed. At about midnight a horseman arrived in Second Valley and called up the men to render . assistance. All available hands quickly hurried to the front, and fought the flames until late this morning. So intense has been the heat, and so treacheroira the wind, that the fire has defied the best efforts of ex perienced fireworkers to stay its purse. It has leaped the firebreaks. While the wind keeps northerly the danger is mini mised, birt as the alternoon advances the wind generally veers to the south. Should it do so to-day, the conflagration will pro bably sweep into Delamere, and on to Second Valley. The following places are within tlie danger zone:— Messrs. N. McEachern's. Kolwrt Snott's, George Ben nett's golden wattle plantation, Norman and Collins's wattle plantation, and a num ber of pmall dairy farms. The men are expecting another call out at any time this afternoon, as everything is in favour of the fire. 