RELENTLESS HEAT. NO RELIEF IN SIGHT. CITY RECORD, 108.7deg. BUSH-FIRES SPREADING. The official forecast for to-day's weather is— "Fine and hot, with northerly winds." All through yesterday town and country throughout Victoria lay sweltering in a mist of heat, and from the official forecast issued last evening there appeared to be no im- mediate prospect of relief. Though there has been an eastward tendency on the part of the monsoonal depression which is hover- ing somewhere about the Bight, and which is to thrust in with a cool change as soon as the high pressure atmospheric system now oppressing us shall have been dis- turbed, no disturbance of the high pressure system has occurred. The barometer, in- deed, was actually higher in Tasmania yes- terday than on Thursday. Great hopes were entertained in connection with an Antarctic disturbance which had manifested itself south of the Leeuwin, but yesterday it had disappeared, and this fact, coupled with in- dications of a tropical disturbance in the neighbourhood of New Caledonia, is signi- ficant of a probable continuance of heat in this State. The week is coming near to rival the great heat wave of 1908 both in inten- sity and strength. That the city, like the closer-built residen- tial areas, is suffering in a degree, intensified by the continuance of abnormal tempera- tures, is shown by the greater difference in the city and official thermometer readings yesterday as compared with Thursday. The discrepancy on Thursday between Gaunt's and "official" records was 1.7deg. on the maximum. Yesterday it was 2.6deg. The buildings have become thoroughly heated, and the hot nights have kept them hot. For this reason, the women of the suburbs, who were kept to their homes yesterday, were more severely taxed yesterday than on previous days. Further cases of sunstroke have been re- ported at the hospitals, and a series of in- cidents similar to those related on Thursday occurred yesterday. At South Melbourne, where a tempera- ture record was reported above those re- glistered for some years, men employed at the iron-rolling mills and the foundries found it impossible to continue their work on account of the extreme heat of the tools which they were called upon to handle. These shops and many other factories were closed down, and work in the foundries will not be resumed until Monday. A number of labourers employed at Grace-park, Haw- thorn, reported to the foreman that their tools were growing to hot to hold, and work was ceased. The rush to the beaches was continued last night, tram seats being at a premium in the earlier part of the evening, while, even on the later trams, crowds of people with bundles and parcels filled the cars and seemed to be equipped for a night on the beach. The country temperature figures for the last three or four days also indicate that, in many instances, the heat wave is fiercer and of longer duration than has been known for four years. In consequence of the unfavourable fore- cast for to-day, a number of amusements and other fixtures have been cancelled. Those which have been abandoned include the polo match and the matinee per- formance of "Sinbad." HALF-HOURLY RECORDS. WEATHER BUREAU READINGS. 9 a.m. .. .. .. 94.1 | 3 .. .. .. 104.9 9.30 .. .. .. 95.5 | 3.30 .. .. .. 105.0 10 .. .. .. 96.5 | 4 .. .. .. 104.2 10.30 .. .. .. 98.0 | 4.30 .. .. .. 104.2 11 .. .. .. 100.1 | 5 .. .. .. 104.0 11.30 .. .. .. 104.7 | 5.30 .. .. .. 102.7 12, noon .. 102.5 | 6 .. .. .. 101.5 12.30 .. .. .. 104.2 | 6.30 .. .. .. 99.7 1 .. .. .. .. .. 105.2 | 7 .. .. .. 99.2 1.30 .. .. .. 104.9 | 7.30 .. .. .. 98.7 2 .. .. .. .. .. 104.0 | 8 .. .. .. 92.3 2.30 .. .. .. 105.0 | 8.30 .. .. .. 90.2 The maximum temperature of the day (106.2deg.) occurred between half-past 3 and 4 o'clock. The following were the readings at Gaunt's:— Sun. | Shade. Time | Deg. | Deg. 9.30 .. .. .. 130 | 96.5 10 .. .. .. 136 | 98 11 .. .. .. 139 | 101.5 11.30 .. .. .. 143 | 100.2 12 .. .. .. 145 | 104.5 12.30 .. .. .. 147 | 105.7 1 .. .. .. 147.5 | 107.6 1.15 .. .. .. — | 108.1 1.30 .. .. .. 139 | 106.2 2.30 .. .. .. 136 | 107.2 3 .. .. .. 139 | 107.6 3.30 .. .. .. 141 | 108 4 .. .. .. 139 | 108.7 4.30 .. .. .. 134 | 108 5 .. .. .. 130 | 107 5.30 .. .. .. 121 | 104 SUNSTROKE SUFFERERS. Several additional cases of sunstroke oc- curred yesterday. James Cowan, aged 79 years, a Chelsea pensioner, who resided in Grant-street, South Melbourne, was struck down at the corner of Bourke and Swan- ston streets. Terence Smith, aged 26 years, a baker, living in Smith-street, Fitz- roy; William Davis, aged 50 years of Eliza- beth-street, Newport; and Ethel Pullen, aged 15 years, of Fairchild-street, Abbots- ford, were affected by the sun's rays dur- ing the afternoon. All of these sufferers were taken to the Melbourne Hospital, but were allowed to leave after a brief rest at the institution. Ferdinand Denis, until 41 years, of 253 Bourke-street, was discovered lying in Victoria-parade, near the Fire Sta- tion early yesterday morning. He was con- veyed by a fireman to the Melbourne Hospi- tal, and admitted for treatment. Another sufferer from sunstroke, John Hanger, of 151 Park-street, South Melbourne, was also admitted to the same institution. Yesterday evening Mrs. Mary Clarke, of 200 Wellington-street, Collingwood, was brought to St. Vincent's Hospital in an unconscious condition. The patient, who was suffering from heat stroke, was ad- mitted to the institution. Mrs. Rene Barris, aged 36 years, of Nor- thumberland-street, South Melbourne, sus- tained a heat stroke yesterday afternoon. She was afterwards taken to the Homœo- pathic Hospital, and admitted for treat- ment. WYCHEPROOF, Friday.—This morning Robert Chalmers, a butcher, of Wyche- proof, was droving bullocks to the slaugh- ter yards. One animal was ferocious, and it look a long time to get it under control. Chalmers' hat blew off in the struggle, and he received a sunstroke. Under medical treatment he is making good progress. PATIENTS IN HOSPITAL. LIVES IN DANGER. Despite efforts made to relieve their posi- tion, patients in all the hospitals are suffer- ing keenly from the intense heat of the past few days. In many cases temperatures have increased some degrees, and a state of exhaustion has been reached. A member of the resident medical staff of St. Vin- cent's Hospital stated yesterday evening that if the head wave lasts over to-day it is probable that some deaths will occur in the institution. A female patient yester- day sustained a heat stroke while inthe hospital, and her temperature advanced to over 108deg., but at midnight it was nearly normal. Fear for the safety of some of the patients in the Melbourne Hospital is also felt. DEMAND FOR DRINKS. RUN ON "SHANDIES." As the thermometer rises, so the demand for cold drinks increases. During the last two days the hotels and cool drink shops have, in some cases, doubled and even trebled their sales. The majority of hotel- keepers are unanimously of the opinion that the most favoured alcoholic drink is the "shandy," particularly the one made with ginger-beer. A leading city hotelkeeper stated yesterday that an enormous business had been done on Thursday. During the day he disposed of no fewer than 4,200 bottles of aerated waters and 14 hogsheads of ale. Each hogshead holds 54 gallons of beer, so the total amount consumed in that hotel alone was 756 gallons. There was a tremendous falling off in the consumption of spirits. For whisky, brandy, and rum there was practically no demand. The favourite spirituous liquor was gin, taken in lithia water. The demand for beer was slightly larger, but huge quantities of lager beer were ?????? heavier liquors, such as stout and English ale, decreased by one-half. Commenting on the rapid changes which take place in the public taste, the pro- praetor of the hotel mentioned that the lemon squash, which was the favourite drink during the hot weather last year, had apparently lost its popularity. Though the bars were thronged all day, only 12 lemons were used in preparing squashes for customers. One of the largest manufacturers of aerated waters in Melbourne, when asked yesterday how the heat affected his busi- ness, said that during the last three days his sales had been three times as large as the corresponding period of the previous week. Ginger-beer was most in demand, but it was closely pushed by dry ginger ale. RECORD WATER CONSUMPTION, 64,208,000 GALLONS. The consumption of water in the metro- politan area rises in millions of gallons as the hot weather continues. On Tuesday it was announced that all previous records had been passed; but since then each day has provided a new set of figures more startling than the preceding. On Thursday 64,208,000 gallons of water were drawn from the mains of the Metropolitan Board of Works. Of this 33,848,000 gallons came from the Yan Yean, 27,750,000 gallons from Maroonda, and the balance from "service" reservoirs at Preston, Essendon, Caulfield, and Surrey Hills. The intake of the Yan Yean for the 24 hours concerned amounted to 8,444,000 gallons, and the depth has not been materi- ally reduced in spite of the severe strain to which the storage supplies have been sub- jected. The depth of the reservoir yester- day was stated to be 24ft. 2½in. A com- parison of the quantities of water used since the commencement of the present trying weather is as follows :— Gallons. Tuesday, Jan. 30 .. .. 60,696,000 Wednesday, Jan. 31 .. .. 62,589,000 Thursday, Feb. 1 .. .. .. 64,208,000 The previous record was established on February 10, 1910, when 57,000,000 gallons were drawn from the reservoirs. SHEPPARTON SUPPLY LOW. SHEPPARTON, Friday.— Commissioner Furthy, chairman of the Urban Water- works Trust, to-day telegaphed to the Min- ister of Water Supply, informing him that the trust's engineer was pumping air and mud, and that, as it was absolutely neces- sary that the water supply of the town should be maintained, more water should be sent down from the Goulburn weir. Yesterday the pumps were kept going at full speed all day, but the consumption of water gained on them. FACTORY CONDITIONS. 1 ouiig women enploted in clothing fie lone, tnd in rooms wheie pressing Ins been «1 n In gis irons, bite found the condition» .rictiitllv unbcarible The» hi»e fought \- mel» igninst their languidm-«-« but they lim only been pirtiall« successful The) lim in some infos been itdnttd to a sliti ol inaition nnd man« hn»c tint ituied 1 u m un at home until the conditions nu I io«'_ ON THE FOOTPLATE. ENGINEMEN'S DISCOMFORTS. I npnemen in the scrute of the Umina} d pirtinenl arc feeling the licat ter) 1 ccnl« 'I ii ti ni it whole the mtn ire t contented 1 it lint their otuipition during the pre ent lui «pill ho» been tiri «li ti!« unpleasant liol «ulitis Inte onl» trndtd to add to their ilisinmfort« If the oppies«i»cues« ton tmin-t there will li no timers oi firemin lift lo man the riic,inc-, remarked a sub ml m dm or «c«ter«li\ -»nine of lu' bl- üh!« d are now ilmost mitti til to «.roane spul- Hieres ni« min mer theie dunk nu ii oin Hie ingine «t uidpipe Hi has n ibu«! it would be impossible lo bil» PERSPIRING OFFICIALS DRAUGHTSMEN ABANDON WORK. Olhoers of the S| ,tp pul,!« unice who A» n ciijriBcd jeslenlt» on the upper floors | . I tin lirge public building« found titi j m ithn condition« «o tiling thal min) of« them iiKmtloned th.n work dining the iftermion, and sough* respite in moler llltlllltlCS I he hcilwnsn oppn «ne III tin draught ui" n um 1 ip 11 the ulm 1 but! ling situated In tween ti« ii« At lit min buildings and the Un »«rumen! Printing Olino Hint iboiit llolli ? t« tiuagid time ailing on ti« ndutorl li« ts«i t mt «nr»c»or genei ii (Mi T«a«en) g-nc mi tlieir work foi Hie di« «t lum li time II« men i \pn ««id willing m«» lo wurk ont uni winn ti» wi illili was uulir bul tinline! that it wits lisch«, ft« them 11 In I" 1.11011 nilli their dmiigh' mg ullin Hie |» rspmition wis pom ins m stn mis li out their i «t« on to their pi in« CABHORSES' SUFFERINGS. NO SHELTER AVAILABLE. Hu iiinffiu ni nbhoi«e has fand ter« billi from tin bent <_ IIIUI« tlnnipioi s in ihtscdn« of motoreirs nml t i\t t tin »et it will interest those- A« ho Ion,! »uno eniuidtreel tilt«r «In«s Were mim li in! tint the n »unit ulm li Hit» lune i in« d for their nwnirs is urentu now linn . tit it wi« pro»iou«)\ ( lii-owners mfirt bun hld thru SUHCSSIAC «cars of inirc««ed binnu «« despite the opposition of Hit tn\i i th and motin bus linn is Air« urgent lind fur ti« trillion of shtlter houses to sim Id the tinforliui ile amuláis from Hit lu it ni ila« dur ng »limuici nml the told tiri« inc. si mt. t.. of winter It iilmo.t ntl) sub in li in rilli» a» still ion und in |snrt ions of I In- tuí i iii null« INIST At in« of thise up lulitlf i do/in lu re» »»boll» unnscd to tin Min nt Hie past ft»» eli)« might bin been si i n «t Hiding idle for boin» -»"mt lint! linn lundqunrli i« co»irei| li» rugs, bul Hie m ij uni ««in without uni tin« pro!i c1 um nut Hu e-¡iu.pi ni tug hint of tin ila« II« milln t« uni H is thought ulm li might will li I ii ni ni li mil li« Hu miiniriplittles ii ti« Umhin«» ( iiiiiniissinutrs nun c* thi un I pinnum form uf tanti It «ir um ring »midd iiiiqiie«liniialilt uiuuuust the siltTci in«,« «f the poor munni« linn mt «us in > . i lum tuse» lining tilrintl» bun pun «It'll luth si« lu r shed» fin linn pailieuliii rim A en« ni i «ntl prutiition ¡ RUSH TO THE SEASIDE BATHERS ON THE BEACHES. lt.iin listen!I« miling Hit luighbntir mg I« tel«s »un lim I with pinpi, who »niilJil /«lue fini« tin bett of limn Spit i ii prut uion was ninth 1« Uti It ulw i» di |urlmi ni mid the ti nu«« i« lompiin« lo copi with Hit tnflle I ill it w is in «It'pi iii 1ft« i the sun went dm« u pi null b«u nt tu li ne Uti ut« ant! ml i ml Miliiirlis ftu I in bun his, and lu I «i 11 u 7 in lot k and It ill past S o i li« k 11« I nilli In Hu siusith wa» i»t n gn ilei Ililli H burl bu n in II« pi 11 ion,« i «ming Dm tin, tin« luiu'l ti muir» wert mi« li mu I iilul mid petiph »uro «if tt ii j mimed ti Cul lu i in r\tt mi ilmiii » fiuluon In som ti« jon iii)» m «mt fruin the suisuh- wiro titi ni i I dululu «Mi pt illulia i if tha tin bul ptiopl hu»« rtsigni'tl Iheiusthi« li «uiti iiuliiig lilli), so Hu» wiri t minn i willi iiimpusiiu in Hu nnjoiil) of nisi« «II linds of 11 hit It» ««io iilsn muli uso of In mun} insis horses ««huh hutt pn lui mid n duys work A« ero leqinnd to ton »t) cNlniutod pioplo to tim st undi I bungil human hung« lind Mifkrul lind!«, then »»us njtpan ntl) no respitu foi mu innis Ihe most pop«!u lesnrts wile St Kilda nml south Mt Ilium tit, but ut lliigliton lit ith sunitijighnm and Port MIIIMUIIIII liu-gi tmiids congit- giitul nuil Hu flin «hoi. I i man» milis wis liol lui with puipli lliiiil.li shops it ci c updi «islutli» tuning till« it fri slum ni nud toil dunk btisinissis win pittoiusul to an» titi tit li SouHi Mtlbuuru limn« ni the shipluptr» uni shop iissutltlits Intel Ililli il«e li do Him St lilli I IllSllIt til« II I« lilli«!« «Ill IlllHIItO pi opie lit t klug I- H« lu uh I «mp ni d with nu « illili ni I mil« ?»riling Hit lui it uni pi i ti ill« il « lit I Hi it I nish t-u Hu «««lu « uh Ti 11 ipi u util» i \p.iunuil bul t mt tt nu 11 u t Indi pu «It mi I II«» s« u« d III u II, Mitti Ilk tut» In i II IIIUI if lb un il III.HII sun ti t li .iib« win I II i li I i tim» I im Im! u i dill« «li» w i« i ipi in nu I ni in until nmg i nlu li M Inlli th I » ni in ith H «i pulu i« i uili u « li» in I 'II« asphalt ii « h I ntl Hu | It t mu ii »mun 1,1, On lit sail li tutu th, . in lill tis win u fie li I« III I m II« st ililii.hUu) s ,," ,| tus, i,,, u,,, I iliiiui,,!, titi tppt inn in li« u iii i ti i «u ni m 111 111 III H Ililli Hit Slldlll 11 Ulll.lllHll.il in ti put of ill lilting trousers uiiisul »lu« I s «I )iiti«,hi« i wli« h n iitniiiul milli si« u lirul \l llnt,ht in lleiih und fiirll« i south ?pupli i xpt i « uusl pit mun in a i ni muht « n the Kami all ni ni» all the n urtsiiuiul >? it lillie; »tas Ins 1) indulged in, but li« t.rowilu Hue quit t ililli lie-net ful I CROWDED TRAINS AND TRAMS. 'lim Hunt nnd li am« running lo >S| I TvTItU «nsw n! i« nwnng »vere itgiui quito Uniklilr lo copo ,««11 h tim gnat trowel« of people niixioiia lo spend n fen cool hours bl Hie »ca The »curtin of He S| Kilda »lioic (ommillte («li II O ailinn) svioto »esleí day to tin li missus Coinpms mil the Rnilwass Cominisloiius urging upon then iitttntion the need foi Hie pinsision of furlliei nceoninitidilion foi llu nu inorens ing floss of visitón« to the St Kilda be ich on bóbilis s nnd »mumu i soilings Mi Allan pointul out ni these Icttci« that tho e of the publie who on «sinn esenings sen tnred to mile the tup undci existing um dillons bul the plcnsiiic of then outing nurrril lo a great extent by Hhc dieidful oven ross ding sshich ninnis m eurie»! «slide luiyc mimili ii sseio (htorred from visit tug the hi ich for foal of the nicoll vemene" of tiisclhng Ile iilded Hml the ntlrictions at st Kihi» uuc non being gie ills increased one lum nln.u lins ing m hand ni mgimoiit« for new t tittil unnitnie for next season reciiining nu expenditure of L40 000 When interuened vcsterdiis, Ml Allan said lint the shene coomullic v» is hopeful that the Tinmwis Company mid the Hml ssiivs Coinmiesioniis vsould talc some ex tinordinmv action to meet the dem »lids being malle upon the** St Ixildi sciuecs Suggestion lind bun uncle foi in dectne limn con net I ion nilli the boich frotitugis fioin Middle pall »lition bul Hit commit leo lind not nlliiel it-elf willi mu pu tu it Inr scheme The Ixoi-j,'and Hun timm elce trie trims si ould be completed bv next vem und the Trimssny Compiny s Willmglon street (St Kilda) cars vstrc now »o Inrgclt oicrcrotidcd hv the ntlelcd streams of usi tors from the Milvorn and Dindcnong mad electric line« that tim would bo quite unable to bor this extia »limn Hie len sion how es el might be t elm ed to »onie extent bv the ness Bil iclnsii lend line inn nmg duett to the St Kildi limb Ile imilcrstood Hint millionte itoiild «omi he gum for Ihe eonslmotion of tin« line thus cn lbling the ssork to pioeced «imiil tnncnusly with the ness Ixew ind IIiwthorn line ali cads iiiitliori«ed DISROBING DIFFICULTIES. HOW THEY ARE OVERCOME. \s a ic-ull of the limited necommodition provided ul "-until Mclhoinne niiuibcrs of people anxious foi t bilbo m the opon »oa nero oonfionlcd nilli the illcrnatisc» of undressing on Hie «mel or e>f denying them selles the luxiin of i dip A sepia I of e» obst«, profiting lu prenons cxperitnri soiled the problem in ii noicl is is I'll dressing nt then ossn home-, in noithcrii suburbs they rode thioiigh the city dad onls in Cmadiin bitliing costume« The» cscled bul m Hun sict garments under coser of ilirhne«« suthoiit attracting undue mention One diring rsdi-l ratio do»sn to Albert pirk bench on Thursdis afternoon in i Cm iib in costume with sslule trim inings and hiving enjoved his lull, burned homo to lea through the bliss 0 o clock traf fie bare limbed mid brown hut cool While hundreds of bather« nu. enjoving them«el»es in the »on nt Middle park last night a handsome motor laiidiuletto elrose »lossie up Beaconsfield pal ide In it nero seated a ladv mil gentleman ni tired no1 as might be expected in the conventional oioiling elre«« bul in bathing costume« Hie lids ison a loss cut 1 inioin but hci companion ivis it In < el only m Ins swimming »mt I bo car halted nenr the lidies dree i sing «heil« nt the font of Nimmo sticol, I the oliniiffeiir dismounted and nbsequum.ls t opened the door and amid some good humoured chaff from »omc bystander« Hie' cou]ilo steppt el out and procecde«! to bathe \fter thur dip Hies re entered the cir and nero rapidly whirled ass ty home SEA BATHING AT SOUTH MELBOURNE. 11» Till IIIITlll DI 111! «!!(,! ?» Sir -loila» son call ittcntioii lo Hu ssnnt of nu r, i«cd f millie« for ope n MM h tilling at Si nth Melbourne md inferen tulls blaine the soulh Mellion!in (ciiucil for not lnsin_! initie more prosi-ion for tin requirement« of Hu Hinu«mls if pcoph st ho throng the hi it h on i st inn «timmoi s muht-prohibís mo«t of whom come frmi other siiburii Oin council lins prosiih 1 «ix Intimi}, «lie il* lighted bs el ctriu's it a co«t of _L400 mid the eo«l foi itUndiint« lighting eli iinnimts lo £11 pu mik in idelitioii, in ii nu i tot ii reist in oin «i ison m about ISOO a\« far as our council i c once nie c1 ne base lindo mon prosi«ion fi the w mt« ol uti/.tis Hum uni other mimi upai boelt bumdmg Hu »ei»! on mil ile ure not called upon tn pim ile fn »bul nccotnmotl itton for the lmne number of u«i toi« fiom all pirl» molo es|sunllv v»hu» it is e insidert 1 tint tin« oxri«snc oienviling mill occurs on i few occasions iliinng n lit it nut mil it would entail n capital txpcndltliic if i4 000 lo re-leonillils enpe suth »uch n mimbi i It i« hardly mr to think, tint stub i burden should ho borne »olds bl Hu iitcpuyci« of ¡south Mel boin ne -^oiii« etc , D M*«.iT.n i: ich J Mayor of South Melbourne HAZE OVER BAY. Ql'l 1 NSCLIl p ruth» -On lliursdni morning u dense »niokt hurt settled oler the mitti*, of Port Phillip Hu rendenng »lnpimig invisible at mis gri »t distmiu from tho »lion Hie ln/o still rontuuie« lhioiighoiit lliiiretlns nml unitl 1-ridus ift« moon the siren I Point I_tii«ehle nat nlmuet lonliiiutiiisli «um dul sti um r sslnslles vsere nl«o e-.ii«! tulls maid Nasi gntion »long Hu nin-on clunncis lending to the He id« bu ame most tIi 11K ttIt DIET AND CLOTHING. NATIONAL SYSTEMS. LIST OF "DON'TS." Hot neilin i, hi», nth. i iiepe.t» of life, is mm nuble to In ii nu ni mc] mas bo nude lu iruhli Wini )« m tiltil i» lo leeoglii-i thill ni an in tho pn«ojicc of nu unusual se ison mil nt omi to ultu oin habits of liuiii« to »mt ouiecIscs lo our ? ii» mumu nt us fur ns nt < m «tttiitii to diet mid to «lollung »till do niiuli lion ne em host nttuinuindnli ouredits to i listing t md it tons »sill lu »un fruin the« lollnwmu mit i. sting i. in it'I.e, ni i It ailing «lilbamnt me«1 un] min on Hu subject ol dut tiitlilolbingf.il hot si,niln t starting with ts h ti lu t tilt,! fumín militai mt« ' the doelni »mil lint hot ss« ¡it lie , mi« mt Hu Illili to tilt tillite ti fouls it ssis not Hie time to tiki uns thing nth n I noisn to lu unit'tstibli, not Hie tuno to 1 ii i mut li tilt oho! A great nil ii siiusiriile nus nulls hnindy »ttoli. blands bung undi ixnnil lo in dude oilier »pints «s tigmcls fooel Hu o isis no iib dille nici-«il» to iiuikt ans l-it it til. t mon but from Hu point of saw of digestion Irish »ntl frails »inipli pinn »illili« fn «li uncooked tis «le is, ti ml pos-ibls n little boiled white !l«b nile» imoiig Hu most suitable nítidos of dut io talc a tillie cuui-sr mill in Hu ml lilli of Hit du wus tumi ti seat» mil nut» let Hun w is n ililli li nu of opinion n» I" tile iliiotllit ot bi|iiul Hut should be tal til ! ii,billilli ills Hu linn Hu! ni look the moro mu »u nu ti In limit but »ince dunk tug prom .It.I pel spin! Ion mid en helpol to git Hil ol Hu lieiil« lu al Hun stn» II good ti ii to he »ntl Im Hu fi»c ingestion ul water \s rund« Hu sexeel epuetmii of hot cn mid tit inks it was iiiiiliiuhtid thal ciltl »sen mol i/»nothing hut nt tin »arno lum liles Win lunn duuut mus People lind lulu ill» dud from 11! tug too lundi uni nitti whin ih( i witt' sets hut lud ill lill s I llleOll llllllgl'elloll tO IIIIIIS people mid nilli i billin ti cite It gue us ti) eil lulls mtcstiiinl (nulli« Without doubt, tun of llu bust dunks in hut unit hu (sus Hits sim tia li HIS nindi ssc »I and without milk a »quit/i of It mon being liddell if desired «t the liinmtiit it in ide «cm ful holtii, but it lift >ou mol» i afterwards lu this »»tis sou osenpid the tis!« of nu purities In tho ssailoi mid the nossiblo ill effects on Hie stomach of II »old diimglit Wini Itod »s ltd hail dom to rum Ihe» digestion of the Aineiiuui nation lind be- come a piosuh Hu same ohjictiou ni) jilntt to it utitii , As ngiiil« dolliing tim fiisl i «M im ii nu« nhill nu« «som in M to Hie skin 1 in baldy lolliilur ot 1» ifimtlul »luth nits Hie most iiiltiibt» and the most healths Pi opie mid nul insu thum-olics in »»milliII LU mints Sunn» this pioph might go bul« to Hu Gumin uiiltoiii of two girmuils «I Hu pttetul tuno ti soft shirt soft i Hu nul M mt light IOIOUIIKI nial lind li ii. i. tun hy git un lilli minim iidnbli i\\\< huh »nu» huts »o gi ni mil» »»oin wus ii l in inlispiiti [nott i linn «min mi. ss is m lui fm the bud. ni Hit nul. mil M nu Ililli)' m Imp Hu gimo nil tho ? pu tin h * d »huit »ighnd pi ti|ili Pitiinia md lu u lut« m pith lu lind« should I winn I bust win wu-i in II position t i d i » i ss mid hml il u g mil pinn In lui ? u M stn fi ni I al t , I «I Hu butti«! blairs t I lit tin Hu mit lim t slmiili! luise ti u nulli.nu f i ulm ils h i ping i m au I a iiiixiiniiHi i ! sn mil ih m I »Its pun. ml «In I« win h bul l> nu ihn .-I i mus«it» \ i il «mit m h us «nit ilili fm Hi ilium!. » nil ml It st I II nut fr m H li of tin .lil mt el _mm III M mill I lil I Is li I eli I mg nut st.mid h m uuin n . I m m n c nu« dul stibiiib »u h i« dil mun ml lu the in Ulai of ein ss ti ss is liol, ssi ribs lit» »intuí li Hu t ist tis uni its il ss ii n« LIIIS nu I ss illirie ni Mell write wei eli llu I Iii «id -n In »ring i sith n» uf I" »MUK I« I phills ti ircsh niau tliut deni nhill tiri «ees of («impur it ii eli loo«, in ti trial sure iidininihlv litte! ! _c in illili«« (limul the i best mid nuns dm pitied the constables Unlit hltini, Mills und the Inmuta» innis ibis« Some tia« sen siblc uniform» would perlmps be pi»cn to those tourteoiiH mid obliging sciittnl» of the publie Is foi the mun who wore a binti suit and a black belltopper in such »«enthci as the nre«c it ha might be emi nentl» icspeetabje but ho was »erging on the idiotie Attention to dress and to die! t auld do much lo lessen ti« scient» of the hot scu«on and to mal e life pleusanter for all EFFECTS ON TRADE i inn s li.^onn i-isiiioN lime mi a fe»» notable ox,options but busmen» ns a rule* lins been injuriously affected b) (he abnormal heat of the past tlnee dn) s People suffci fiom i chrome tluist, and the) industrious!» li) to quimil this, hotels ¡ne doing Unce mid foul tunes llicir oidiuii) bin business and lhere is a busk Untie ni soft drinks But no one wants to eui much Restaurants look deserted, ««Intel's mc standing about disconsolate, md the chefs me liming an ns) lune No! mil the hoiisemfe cool u mc ii ni till if she e in help it I Ins of course affects butt hera amongst othci jirotidcrs 111 But aliighss ol Angliss intl Co, siitc« (hit Hielt hw been n hcaij filling off in their liiisme s dilling the pisl three iht)s instead of being the busiest dn)s m the Aiccl the» ire not neill) up to Hie «Icritgc alt ill (he brim h shops uf the linn one m two tieri hinds ire nsiull) employed, but »t teitli» anil the tin) bofoie the oidinar» «tiff» were mort than tilde to cope with the business I ishmonircr-' »gun are doing »cr» little Ihe nuiu.ci of the 1 lelori in 1 i«h A««oiiiitiun s shop in Snnn«ton street si)s lint it i« onl) the »»ciltlnei clii«»c« tint titll hu» fish in Hu« wc-ithoi The worimi, tinsses ne\ci »cr» good fi h eus toméis e»eti when lull is cheap, would not t ii e it at t gift Mi I.» ins of the toicnt garden C ife pr nils out tt peculiar effect of e\cc«sue heat rn flint inting Lp to u certain point the hottei ti« weather Hit more strawberries «ntl tream his'nistomers eil Bul once pius tint point and Hie« will not touch striw lui lies though the fruit is m perfect tominion In oiaiu_.es lemons gripes to mitti« nnd almost all fntit-i/cAiepting sti iwbirru« the demand uitrea«es is the mci cul-} iliinhs A ode« muslin« nnd made up light mate rial« line been in good dem mel in the dripci) lines though in ordm ti) lines then ire complaints ¡ill round of poor sale 1 on t innot cipeel lathes to take an in tcre«t eton in dress when it t« lOSdtg in tin simile saul Mi A If George of Gron-is Proprietär) Our itislomirs dur mi, the list two or time di»s lune l>ccn mo ti» those who thought theie was going to be ni simulier and »»ho lind Hit) ure mist ikeli mid the» doll t tare about fishion mut li the) »»ant to be cool ihe iiiiiniigeinuit of Hicks, AH in«on mel '.out tell the same l#lc Hie) «it ho«»c»tr Uni Ile summer Hade in al) draper» es lalilisbinents so far ns the» can leirn has bien i ice phonal!« pood ill spite of the mi I ittiiit ilili wcitliu Messrs st_.pl.ons md Son- find tint the hot spell in nut rtsp^et Ins boon |.ood for the trido a» it has cleared off u lit n' «innnicr goods that other«tsc «multi lune bud lo be einietl o»er till nc\t »e ison One thing tint I might mention m connection with »»hat »»c line done dur mg these three du»» sud Hie mtnac,ir, noting the same thing ns did Mr George is Uni the heit has made the ladies al most indifferent to fashion al fact' COLLAPSED WHILE FISHING. HUN HOW Inda« --* To iph Henri Dono« m iigtil jil «ens who foi the past li »cn« t unid on it lilieksimtlutig bust ni»» at Ktiim ne died nntlir tragic eirenni si ince« at I il t Hitidiiiaish icsterdu» after neun Hi hail been fishing it tilt outlet tit Hil I reel Hld wis placing tin fi«h m i ln,.\ til«« hi Miclid«I» nilliipsul mid theil shoi ti» nf temar Is all i ni i/isti-n ii iiiqiun held at the poilu station to iii» Mrs ]) minan saul Uni deuisul bul sufftitd from heut tr nibil foi nnm »cur» Di Pt I mi« stated that in his opinion dit li win due lo lu-irt fiilure wimbi w i» probillt brought on b» tin mtufe lit .1 Mt s,n,|, r- | i» i c1 ni no1 i A ord et m u i tu ilium with ti« inédit ti indi nu I HORSES DROP DEAD | ROsl DILI 1 iida» - \ hoisc ittathedi lo a dru dropped dun! binlilt ni» »e«terdn», dt ith being due to Hu c\io««i«i* heat DON II I) Irdi« -Scierai borst t dropped tittil »»bin n turning from dink slinoljiii, i »pt dit mn« on I lim «di» mumm,! i owing to the tit nine heit j BIRDS FALL DEAD I \ 1RKAW0V. 1 1 nilli -Oirtng lo the. lActssnc lient iisterdii, liinl» fill dead | CADET PARADES CAI.CELLED. | AD1 li 1IDI 1 ruin -In neil of tin t\ , trune lu at the mihi tri loiniuimlnut lu« i inn tied the «-adit purities until unire fiioiu ihle neilin r lite school < lukin it nie »ufft ring coiu-idi rilli» md it has been SUR geste I that lessons should reiife until a eli nu« tutus SUBURBAN FIRES si lill S m«* (U IIUtl.AI.vS, ] 'Hie iiiimlitr* of the \l«tropohtitn liri ling ni ami se« eral of Hu suburban fire lilli,idi«i bud nu rifcplioniill» bus« linn «t-surdi« In addition to ihe lins of ¡.nilli magnitude, details of which arc t,i»in i 1M win re numerous minor conflagra lions wt«mil in the utj mid suburbs shoi ti) btfoit noon a large ?hod attache«! to tlic dwtlluig Itottst of Mt 1 P Drew, Dallington street, 1 Istrrnwiek was th stro)td li« fin togtthn with ti« ton tent« anil fotirtnn pim Is of paling ft ming were til»« bull» dimigcd Aiii.tlur lim ort III ml during ti« morning at llurke road, t Hilborn« 11, m a building mined li» Mi H I "rillt'du Id mid ««-mp« I b» Mr II It su »ni« ironmonger «nil plumber Jin shop wu» tiiiisiili ribl» diiuitgcd and its « (intents suffiriil situtl» timing remoA ti Uti huillín«; ««as iiisunsl ni Hu Put not io Insurant!" I umisiii« foi iJOO nutt Hu mu lints wue insured foi i. UKI in ti« Allis liisuinun ( «iiipim« Hit i HIS« of the onl bunk i« uni nonn Inothti lui toil illaro at «I Wilkin« stint Ne«pn| short!» nftir noon, winn lu.« un rooms of ti «»noil ami iron din It mg ou «ni and iiitiipiril b« Ml (? (. Hue» ««in dust m» t I tiigitlur ««lib thin mult nt« (he lions« was nisutvil in tin Lnmliin mid laiiiinshui Cnmpiii» for HW but I hen was no insurance iffeiled tn tin coutiiits It is not I noun whit was (ho CHUM of the iiulbruil 1 hu whiili DAM ii its origin tn a ngari liult i irrle««lt thrown ima» took pinn uti ti« I li ««turton nub» i» st it «in «interdi« morning I lit lue was qmtkli subdued I ¡ml a consiilcnibh port ion of tin pinding of Hit down pliitfoiui iinji slikhtl) dniiiiiKi I NtuiieniiiH grnss lire« look pitre during Du tint but in n i|iiii I li i iliiigiuslioil mnl ni i ««mm d Ililli In«« be«omi iliimuumg a fn» pim Is of liming I) A Al AU I". A I «I NSIIIM). A fin iintiluiij», (hi Ins of four «icithei bo.il d hotuis ociturcd at sunshine Uslir da« ifternniii Hu building« ninth win situated in Durham and Dub« load« win- ns di« ns nndInuiiid owing to Ihe intense, heil nf tin ni«! foin du» mid lim de miilisl« I willi list iiimliiig lapldit« 'Hie outbrt ik oujapitcd in ii litrlu mnuiitl house ni i «lui ti li« 111 Ut orso Milli i, buihlir mid Hie ailinn Hits uiuid In ni «until Hulling in n pillili« 1» inn b) II« liHilseii» I in line uh ««in immuhiilil« tlillllllllllll llltl «lilli b« ti li |illilli but ti« Ilium« unit ti b« n hot ii nil« ii» wind bul «blun« 1 n sinnig hihl 11 fun ti« lu um ininti tm tin sum 111 Ulm I« li »i» Hu (nuntini m Mi Milui» It tis punt ti 1 tit lie Alt nutt n inlu! it linn of »ninnis next dom then lunited Stemu tint theie s»ns oicii possibility of the two adjoining buildings being destroved the furnitur. of the occupants Air «(fred Carter and Mr Alfred Ward »ins »cmovccl hy n number of employees of Hu Sunshine Harvester Works In a short s|mro of time these houses nore also burnt to Hie ground I lie efforts of th. firemen who arrived from Sunshine nnd Yarraville sscre linn» pcrcd bs an mcffectisc sinter supply Hie neircst fire hsdrnnt »vus 2 000ft anny and tin only other ssater ne niable vsas tint pumped bl n lue engine from a dum in a pndtlotk near the eottagos Hie houses nindi une on ned by Ml I W Milrea I bourns-street Willi uns tonn sseie insured foi £1077 in the A le lona lmturincc Compins mid for JL760 in the Liscrpool I oiufon mid Globo Insnr nine Compans Mr Milrea s furniture ss is nlso insured suth the hitter company fe i £220 J lie canso of the fire is unknown, but it is thought that it pi ob ibis oiigmated through a spnrl from nu engine COUNTRY FIGURES Ti o following report« of high temperatures regis tere I thrctugloit tie cointry ha-o leen re ceiled - «Utlon Wednesday nun-tiny I ri lay lieg Deg Des lloort 110 10S Hci dort 1«) 1'" «ililuri ins 10« H» Çiin Hill 100 ion l°s llor«li«ni W IH 1« (.olcn Ine 10J (Inrlton ion V» IO" dune, ion KV 10 Keranc in 10 llcall cole I" «ers I elon IO I'm Mill Uk m len Uno 1« m J» Hod etter J"1 I chuca 10 li 10 «Lireuornyt.li ia IM m St Arnaud 10» inn }'* ltununburra Ilr siassrll 1 I Isincton mi "" It Uienrlen 10.1 loo 1'v Ni m irkah 1", Sale im 101 101 «tell ourne Kees in 1 10. T rancr II.milton Irarat llilhrat ( eelong «laniraratt« I iroa llrnnlla On co ««al ira I ort Fnirt («tpc Sclianek lleid ne?« 1 llv-lalt ( aini»er lown Jlalinsj in BUSH FIRES WlDI-M'itLAD 1)\M\C.I A\0G-1 1 ridny -Ses ere hush hrej< are raging um) serious «inn ige li is been done to grims fencing wood mid straw stacks ni W nrrenman Hie fire extends for i ral miles mid is non ndsnncmg over the Pinneis Rinucs in the direction of No Crock The beni lest sufferers tire Barker Bios «Aorthtngton and s0|.« Morris and P_.eoeh J lies ure nil extensile lo«ers Hie lire uot within 20 vnixls of Worthing tons hou-c hiforc it was checked mil burned right up to the nails of Poieocks bouse A second lire nt Greenhill Creek is viorking li iioc 11 Brullcy lost Ino sears gras» i hrge quanlitv of ne»» ssin nettmu tn I fene ng «estral strm slacks mid a lot of stacl s of nood Io«tplis Uro« li Ha hour, W l_ol It Win lolly lost a epiantits of ga iss nml fencing R 11 Gras lings his »tnk« und L-*»»« Mes inn, grass unit feite ni). In nil eases the losses are hen» s Hie lur« in »nil uiging liundreds of nu u uic working 1 li «NN1I0LM1 I Inn «di« -\ fierce fire »tari« I this morning m the forest oiuntn nn I tr.iselltd th HILII Mr Slortrs properti Hu u cn to Nit 1.-inner« burning fences uni gn»s and thrrugh the properties of Mc«sr« M'Luitoek W Pn e \ Cmneron W Howirtb W «rmstrongs Butchers Kilt, mil n hrge jiortion cf Morxoin las late then Ihr ugh I It Gou-,h s pro lortv 1 Ml n s und Mimi»ri s Mr W Putt lost ill Ins fencing mil grass An ntlii r lire scent throuuh Mill ile Him tired« of pounds ss îrlli of grass and fencing Ins leen destroyed (OL1RMNI 1 ruin ~\ lue stnrled this ifternon on the farm of Mr Mcplitn Moodie Mimi him mil consumed Ino stniss barlee stacks 40 lugs of grim md ionsidcrabls damaged II thicshing lnnolime Ih fire »sis lontinc'il to n eoniparnttsel» «ninll an t Kls-11 It Írtelas -A luge bush fire! »tirtcel on Wedin day ilteru ion amid the bi.tsy limbri ut Hoddle Klinge and is still biiniing fieicels Osu 100 i re» of limber country lins been burnt Hie fire is de »Inying in its path u lugt um uint of fun ni(, on the projnrlics of Hull Brotbci-s W Nicoll and Disy lni miles of Hall Dmtltct» tram line isis (lodioycl nnd user A. 100 north of »(lit tnnlier Ihe fire trasdled three units in three quarters ot au bou» tluoiii.li Ihe lie i\ % timber It also continued for »-csci.il unies ulong Hie n uns through Hie propcrtiis of Mewn 1 idler und C Parker A large ging of men ssas nt stork ill ye«terdas lighting the lire on C l'ai ker» nroperti mid »o fir tiny base lire sonted the hoii»c from niching alight Hie Church of Inglmid poison ige had n mrriw (seipe It cauclit fire tssieo once the blocks underneath the house, anti once the venn dib U 1 »irions Creel mi unoccupied two roomed building ossncel bs Monis .Iones ins burnt 1M sides a lot of fencing At Gunyah Gunyah Mr G Scott «vas blunt out Mrs W ilbainson s pinto, adjoining na« only saved nfter J_IC it exertion bv tin neighlioiirs Great apprehension is felt for the result if a north wind »pring« up winch ws ins probable 'J hero oro lire« alight on nil sides of Hie township The sun is com plctely obscured and the atmosphere is donee vs iib smoke IILÎl HLD Ihurselis -« »onous bush fin oceurrod nt Dawson about throe miles from Iles held yisterdus afternoon One »f Mr M C iiish's grans piuldniks »sus liuiiit ile in out I ho fm ».ire iel to tho adjoining propttts owned bs Mr Herman Snider nun mid do»pilo the oflnrts of the hr» lighters the house win» destroyed together suth u quantity of grui« mid fe ming Mr II King it bet fnrnnr u Hu lessee of the properly All lus lus M sscre clc_,lrosu! mid ho will bo u boas s lo. cr h tia s uro ti!»« tigmg tittir «Seaton and Gluimaggie ssliui» c onsiilcr ible dam ige has been dont (n grap« nnd fern nag Hie smoko in Hie ton nein!) is so de nst that it IH hird to di tinguislt object« 100 Sinti« distant PxNMl RP Pt idas -A disastrous bush file broke out sotcreluy ni tin forest, south oust of Ihn township ¿annul by ii strong Itrc-tre tho lil o spread rapidly Ihe linne« »sue ut tunes ¡0ft hu.li, mid their mu could l.i> huinl from Hu township lu spite of es ei s i (Tort made by a small arms of im iiuliters Hi« lire trnsollod for miles, binning fences mid otitbmldin-_.s mid thons mil« of ueros of grass Portu nltd» lhere is nu wind in tins and though the Hu lins crossed Mount I inn Creek, near P 111111111*0 it has been cxtlngiiodiid Hie nsl.lonl* noss hope Hint the siorst is oser ItOSI DAI I I nilas -Hush fuite aro bin mug mt inn n fen miles of Hie township On Wulncsdis nflc moon Mr 1 I Crooke M I ( lost oser 1000 HUP* of gntss nnd nuits i f foin tug Ih. II um s nt one time tim itim el (he homestead mi I lomhod the gunin» fuiti Olliu luiss losses aro - Mr» (lu inn II Roth Hill ut »ss mid fmc HIL MI I «sois sheep ni 1 fein nie Mi» (bonn Mrs I irroli un I Mr C He k Mr M luis uni Mi M M nos nr seis bl iss hielte (Ubi I r Ullis un in gleit d ingot lOOLlNGf I hur-- ! s II i«h iii « aro ) H.IHL till minni Hu« di.ti t it i resent ,N unit mu« luve Ins m li is Hing ut a LU »t i iti s,>U| ,i f,, r« ), m 11 n I tiru» I s nie f the len I t Is no in ein U»i II u I »1 Hut» i I LI I HU. (he lu « hi ur i inn I I i s W I i whi SS IS SS li I), it t ? I n Hi ti i-s »ist m li- tt IS l/c I S lill le li Itt I I f lill »ti I Hi t is I n s I fi m H u II t 1 u i ( I n f I ni 1 ii It ntl n W «ItHN WIHOnl lui s \ st) I n t m n _, «i i i s i I is lu I u el KI i ss i I Is ( nu I! i W Olli n tf «II ne I i I w s il «tr s I I s I i t lis ( i iss lin« II 11 s il i t m H i I «tu i s I «TI I I ssl I s- si | | | | Il s | | n t ti ( I s t s ni t "t II n I s lu I s u s I u I m it u II il Il I u Is «I is n I I I i i 1b W 1 n I tu t i u Hut xh li I 1 U u s s pt Is I i«h In I I bins 11 I h I u il I I' Use s n H | n | rts m i mi is mm 11 s D\\\\( i r DI NKI II) Il nul s I xlensis I i.h I 1 « li I HI III II S| t | I M m i M.Hi S illt S tf ( I n Ig n lu s I is «I sel« « \ Il sni lu u I It I 11 s II L I is i I st eli (|i «I ssrs W s||, i m tit 1 ty ni s »pinrii s h 11 i innis e pe mil un still m (langi » «li I nt I ti i billin! driseï hal un txiitins «x I u u lit «tit titled in g tlilli! the ( III» I t i »null Hit III tin nulli i f ti f nst n I I it Hu lln lil II nulli H u I lln null »tidy ni I) ni« 11) l|i u is i p sell lins 11 llu wh ih t f Hu u lib in I I «Im uni« Una nnd lulim 1 tile) being swtpt elcu Hie tcinptrittii ycslirday i I li m the shade T10MI STEAD IV DANCER TILA WOOD, AVednosdii« -loiest fires lime bein l aging fun eel) about here for the last couple of thus Io da« t ne lue »picad into nn open grass piddoek adjoining Ali Oflicers Oakbank homestead Ali Olhecr, seeing the si ition hands would be insnf ficient to cheek the piogu«« of the fire, telephoned lo Ile} nood loi min Within mi boin Ililli.«' «tilling hands hid us sembled but iboilt 1 o eloel the wind chnnged round to the cast and the lire, which had then leaihctl Iii« bred burnt lit the men ngmn «ming lound into the forest Ml Olluer lost n qiiimlit» of wire netting fincing, but other« iso nil ti image was done bj the fuc All RINO 1 ndn) -A lire brnl i out ' terdu) at Mocomboio tint ttt nmg Menno DoHiis anti other large e_rn/uig propel tics In the Ahnung district tremendous liles oeeuircd last neck, completel» sweeping lirge tiacls, moatl) of leuseil bloel s COOL MOUNTAIN AIR lu new of the present heal wn»e con stunt inquines are bung mt li nt HIL Tour- ist Piiucau rtgniding the toole t tc«orls in the State and, in onlei to obtain the most reliable liifonnalion the opinion of Mi II A Hunt (Common»»cnith mi ti otologist) has been sought by the burt in I li it t.ciitle man state 1 to the bmciiii Hi ti »»Ink. the temperature m Hie mount nu duttict i« on Iel remain high in the ii.it lui« nfte sunset cooler conditions «nulli piobibly prnnil, Mount Buffalo being speunll) men (toned Otho distincts win io on account of the gieatcr ultitutle pie tstnt dening conditions mnj be cipeetul me Ml Altec don the Woodend side of Ml Macedon Dandenong Range distrnt Heilesiillc Heights Christmas Hills ioolangi Bei consficld Uppci, Billarat, and Dm leaford DilALEsrORD 1H CORD D1ALLSIORD Inda) -Hie shade temperature to-tlny wn« H7eleg ««high is Hie record for 21 A cat« Hie el tis are tr« nig but the nights ate delightful Targe tro««ds ure nlwai.« (.ntheiod around the »niions springs of »»utcr, which mc cool and refreshing NEW SOUTH WALES RECORDS A1ANTA1LM 1111)1 G SADNIA Inda«* -Hie inlen«e heat nine covered the whole of tin Mali t0 du, but n coast seo breeze putulu! In the «outil western distruts high ti mpi ntiires wire reconlcd leaching 111 leg nt f utlgel boo, HO at Narrandera and 101 at 1 aston, Bair maid, anti Hillston HEAT IN TASMANIA LIU-NCLSION, Trida» Ihe weither toda) was the hottest ciprncnicd foi sue »ens the thermometer retoi ling lOldcg ni the shade nnd 146deg in Hie «un ihe heit was intensifies! li) the sin ii i flinn bush lire« which ore in ciidenti elo«c to the ut) _ STATE SCHOOL CLOSED Mr Jciicll AILA paul t »nil to the '.otith Brunswick State school on llinrs da» md requested the head U ulm to til t the lempirattirc of the room« m winch the ilnldicn «ure nssembli I The suit showed that in two rooms tin ti injin itnre in Hu shitlc was lOldeg, while in tithei roon the tciupcn lure ringed from Oödeg lo Kilke. It ince! with these figuies, Mi lorn It mi Pruliv mm nmg inter» lew ed the dm I u of 1 dut t linn (Mr late) and surcedlo I in obtaining his consent to granting a li ill Imbil ty to Ihe einleiten nttcnding the smith Bruns wuk SI ile school on Indi» Count dlor It »veil returned lo the school soon tftcr 11 o'clock on 1 rula» morning nilli the nuis «»Inch «« is recoiled willi ehret ID nu rniroit oi mu «m M çir-In the Sun.» Hill Mate school to du Hine were no finn thin 10 nst« of indisposition « mo n g» t the children lite fainted, seieril »onuted, mil «thus »»-on trying »»ith heidichi« und hail to be laid in the lobb} »nth cold w ttri | til s on then hinds Is tt not time ti n the ] «hicu lion department gilt- uistiti linns to head unisteis of st ne seht ils ii disband the school when the timptratlin reírles a di grei high inou.h to i uise dt«tttss and ill ness niiiongst the scholars" 1 belle» e one of the teachers Mid some o: tht rim« were fright c uised I » scimg other children st« mini), but tun so th« i tso is surel) ¡,n»e enough to justify Minn icionn in compelling children lo sir in sel ool III cxcc«si»c bent dich as «u ire non isperiineing lud if the scliolus in one of our am brick suburban sidonia are suffering to this ox tent lion un the tlnlhcii in the rtuintr» schools «iii« li arc oftca wooden building« with iron roofs, intliiiing itv 1 certain!» think that now mmpul«oii n-gulnr nttind mice is enforced the ihildrcu might be freed Athen n tem) el ituro of Oiileg or POtlcc in tlio »lui. is mastered Outside in the in «It un cien i higher temperature may lu lieiruble 1 ut sitting for hours ni i room full if licit«d nnd ptrsptring bndiek it betomis tun dnnptoiis nutt sun!« not much lseiu lit in iii-lri« lion run be domed li« the )oor distre«-cil tliililtui 1 linn the word of one of Hit Education deput ment's olheers that Ihe department will not mogul e un) i te tue for nbscnee HA o ¿lint of sill ness '-cien hilf i da) i« not ni lowed-but sun!« thin ore cu«e« where urti cut mil Aioiild I« lutter tliun cure' - Yours ii M0TH1 II Sum« Hills leb 2 1«) Till I DITtlll UF nu «un s Sir-Atn) 1 direct attention to the innis tue ineted out to St ttc st hool children I he lost threi dins tin hut has been CMCS«I»C .... Moline» IMA the Innpt uitiire tent lung lOSdcg in this lot tilt» mid tho_forecast tins morning sa«s "no linnhe" Yet no ««onl lins been gi«cn lo eeisc Aiork nml allon the einlebt li to escant from rronttcd iluss itioms One summer about foul «ears bick, orders ««no (.neil to dismiss school ««hen fCiilrg ««ns mu heil Stun Ilion no such comm mil bus been re|«citod I lu re shoiilit lie a n gulatioti pmudine distnissnl on the tempera ture nit lung (Ijdcg - Youl*, ii Bendigo lib 1 HI.Ai.Mi 