BLAZE CHECKED AT LAST TREMENDOUS AREA SWEPT-. All through Saturday, February 3, the bushfires raged on ecuiijiwards witn ever - increases; fury, line front of tile couiiagra-tion extended in the shape of, a horsesnoe, with Meadows and Mount Barker, 12 miles aj-art, as the two horns. At these points tne fire was apparently uncontrollable, and at times it seemed, as if notaing in the world could save a clean sweep of valuable grass and. wattle country right through to Pillcox Hill, Bugle Ranges, and down to vyoodchester and IStraunalbyn. The heavily-timbered coun try through which the flames raged burnt fiercely, and columns of. smoke rose hun dreds of feet into the. air, darkening 'the whole sky, and giving an even more ter rible aspect to the fire. Tongues of flame leapt high above the. highest trees, lighting the haze of smoke with a lurid glare, while white ashes were deposited in gardens four or five miles away, falling like scattered snowflakes. The roar of the flames as they tore through the wattle country could be heard miles away, and go terrifying was : it that women in some of the towns not immediately threatened ran shrieking into the streets. Indications as to where the t fire was burning were deceptive, and no- j body knew but what the next moment . would not find the blaze bearing down on his own property. Sparks formed the greatest menace which the settlers had to fight. Time and again they drove breaks . across the front of the oncoming terror, and as the two fires met they rested -from their labors, satisfied that their endeavor to protect their property had been sucpessful. Suddenly a coo-ee : from a quarter of a mile away, or even further, would tell them that a fresh out break called for their services, and the heart-breaking trouble had to be begun all over again. : A Bitter, Prolonged Struggle. With these fires recurring all round them it was quite . impossible for the handful ? of settlers, even aided as they were by i . almost every, man in. the. surrounding town ships, successfully to combat the awful fire fiend. Inch by: inch- they, were driven back, and the. flames, licked up the country. \ in their wake; even as they watched, help less. As a house was, reached breaks, were burned out from all sides of. it in the en dpayor. to. keep the homestead intact, and these, little patches in most cases, not a ?hundred' yards round' the house, were all that was ' left to indicate how tenaciously I the settlers had worked to light the fire all along its front. Where the scrub was thick the fighters had no hope, and, re sisting, stubbornly., they were driven back to the more cleared and settled country, but, although all the land they yielded so grudgingly to the fire,, was left 'a, blackened, desolate, waste,' they had the -satisfaction ot seeing little brown patches, unharmed, al most everywhere a house was situated. I Saved by a Cool Change. I All through Saturday night the 'fire raged at both eno.8 of the horseshoe foopt with unabated fury, but a westerly wind which arose at about 6 o'clock changed the direption-of the fire's progress, and fh'e two- horns -converged towards ' Mount Barr ken that nearest the township blOwini bads overt ' country that had escaped the ' ravage's of- the Jftdedericketadt 6°n' fiagra^ion, and threatening to come on the :h'oirflfewiesteitn, . corner.' of ' the . town;, up , tia 2 6*cloclt oh Sunday morning the whole of the townships round about were de*; serted. Their occupants had responded to the first sign of awakening danger, and hurried to the front. Early on Sunday, morning, however, the cool change so long promised, reached the hills, and when the wearied, smoke-begrimed beaters straggled back home in the 'wee sma' hours,' the fury of the fire had died right out, and, the main conflagration seemed almost hedged in with flame-swept 'breaks, over which it was felt there was little danger of it passing. By 10 o'clock on Sunday/; morning the air had been clears ? ed or its smoke, and only a' thin blue haze hung over the wooded i hills, through which those that' had! been swept presented a sorry spectacle, \ with charred leafless trees silhoutted. along their tops and rising forbiddingly front their black ash-strewn sides. Over tha whole of the course followed by the re« lentless flames smouldering stumps sent up fciim uuus ui wmim.e, wjiue nere anil there little patches of ; grass blazed for a second and died out, or the hollow of a rotten gum appeared red and burning; from the roads, both sides of which werff flanked by scenes of indescribable and piti able desolation'. All through Sunday^ though worn out with their night vigil, the men kept faithful watch round the outskirts of the fire-swept area, but with . e the cool change and no wind, the fire re mained smouldering, where dawn had found it, and apart from the few minor outbreaks, which were speedily got under, -- there were no signs of renewed danger, ' and residents away towards Bugle Ranges and the southward breathed freely again,: This position remained unchanged at a late hour on Sunday night. Paralysed with Fear and Roasted Alive, ; Although the fire is now held in check* and apparently confined to an area t$ which it cannot do harm, other than to timber and fencing, the roll of sufferer* and the total of their losses, is truely ap palling. Every day brings tidings. o| fresh holdings swept in the country back from the niain roads,' from which newt filters through but slowly. A icqnservativf; view of the damage done by this fearful epidemic of bush fires puts the aggregatfi down at £100,000, and probably it isovef that amount. Whole holdings have'beeit swept from end to end, houses have been razed to the ground, and the loss in stoctjj, in the districts beyond Mylor has been tei-; ribly heavy, the frightened animak, having, been paralysed wi£n fear when the natnel. ? .. ' bore down on. them, and though opening* had been, cut in the, fences, their owneri! were unable to get at them .through tarn encircling flames, and. had to watch then ; stand trembling and squealing with terro! ' till the greedy: fire embracea them, am they succumbed in agony, which rent th'u hearts of the spectators with pity for thai* bufferings. Valuable Wattle Plantations Swept. . \-- Some of the finest, wattle plantations in the State have been swagt «ut vQf^^aH,.;,,^^ ence, and though the amount qfsCTjfliJi^iiJir^^^^S son's bark, which has ^#lv/;^?i|.i*fe^^^^fe) strqyed, is?.not of ; very n^bff., ^BSSP^fw^-^w1^®? as it is tod -late for stripjpiJ3^?flDj^i(i|m-5|^!g'g&|i;;- in most places, next season's' supply ''WMf ':*-*'s'flil.4; . be very seriously depreciated, and it will be several -years before the. wattle, icdus , try of thfc district is again built up'. Manj} : settlers depend upon their bark for § ? living, and in consequence of the fire they . are. left almost totally destitute. ? One . ? :? \ , holder esiiiriafed. hia. actual Jospin wattlf ' ; ;; ..; alone ai'over 321,000, and his was by ni . ' V means 'tW^rgeiBt section, swept. -Excep , ' ?-, for a small' area oh. the northern side .of, .'. - . --.- the road between :Eohuriga and ileaddwi: ?''..:.. extending from Mr, Hackett's to: thL - '- ; Echunfia^ cojuer, 'with a depth tf ftbouf - , . ?''.'-. ? ? n + r» ? .'?'.?.''?.''???.? '?'-'. -~ ft quarter of a mile, not- a blade of grass nor a single wattle remained alive on that side of the .road. .1. On the other side ' fctlessrs. Masters, Pine^ and O'Loughlin Brothers Tvare 'the/ \ 'he'aviegf losers, and in all, thousands* of acres' If particularly fine wattles were destroyed. Years of Labor Gone for Nothing. By one who has not travelled through the country the awful desolation left in i the wake of the 'fire could never be real- ' ised, but the settlers themselves are almost brokenhearted. Everything that means ? livelihood to them lias gone, and they have ; to start the battle of hie afresh. If any ?j one lias ever built up a business with years I of painstaking toil and care only t,o see it '? crumble away and vanish through som* ' tsauee over which he had no control, leaving him to start all over again from the hot iom, he would appreciate the awf ul calamity that has fallen upon these men. I {The areas devastated is so immense that thousands of settlers must have been effected in a lesser or greater degree. In addition to areas around Mount Lofty, Eagle on the Hill, and Norton's Summit, Uvhieli were swept by independent blazes, there is one continuous stretch of black ened- fire-sivept country from the north end of the Aldgate Reserve, through tBridgewater to Gruntha], down past Hahn florf to Mount Barker, and round to [Bugle ' . Ranges, Macclesfield, Meadows, Dashwood's Gully, and Oherry Gardens, in Jthe centre of which Mylor, Eehunga, and Binaller townships have just escaped total | annihilation. In most cases, the fire., hes ] i&wept; up to witihin a few hundred yards of the various townships, and in the case of isolated houses, the distance over which the flames were beaten back 'was reduced to feet. 