WINTON7 I I '(From Our Own CoiWkuunduut 1 I Tíic Land CommiaBioncrB' . Court wa« 'held yesterday, when lite Kynuna block» ¡were tlLTOwn opeji for home/Mead selection, 'attracted a good deal of attention; There I were five lots in alL . For. portion 1, parish 1 of Salmond, 28,000 acres, »I«1 annual rent of which wa« 2d. per acre, there were only ¡two applicants, if. W. «aden won on- tlie ballot. For'portion 2. parish of Salmond, ¡18.D13 acres, rent lid, there were no appli ' cations. There Wfre five applicants for portion 3, parish of Salmond, 0040 acres, rent ljd, A. G. «rant won on Ibo ballot.' Fifteen applied for iiorlion K, parish < of¡ .ígcklou, 22,034 acres, reut Sd. The suc- cessful drawer was J. Wv Burton. This was the best block. Il is a very compact, completely fenced, and has a bore on Glen Iwinie Creek in thc middle of it. Mr; Durton is nt present licensee of the Aus- tralian .Hotel here, but will. retire-4rom it et thc end of the xvat togo.vn tho land. I'ortion 9, parish of Jackton,'20,083 acres, rent 2d" attracted ncvcn applicants. J. A. Young won on thc ballot. Almost nil the country .selected is goodïcountry, but it is dry. ' ? '. At 43ifi Police Court on Friday, before Mosers. Gardner and Clough, JJ.P., .lames Murdoch . was charged with travelling! . sheep without a waybill. The defendant ; is in charge of. 8000 ewe» going from («rida to Hamilton Down» and neglected j to get his waybill before starling, expect : ing it lo bc forwarded on lo him. Stock Inspector Paterson did not press for ft heavy penalty, aud thc defendant, was fined £1, with £1 ls. professional -cost« .and 3s. Od. costs of Court. : Winton people arc ?usually generous,'j .and another example of this trait'-was' given this Week. A man named David Douglas died a fortnight ago, leaving e. . widow and five smut! "children.; "A young ' lady made an active canvas-o? tho town, and raised » 'snbstantiril Wm for thé be-i rea ved ones ; and on 'Friday night 'the j Women Workers' Union devoted thc pro- ceeds -of their social to tho samo cause. Tho Town Band, under Bandnuistcr Grace, gave its services free, and M. G. Crossman ¡ assisted at thc piano, the iina'ncia! fcflult being very satisfactory. ! j Mr. Beter, Hansen has «gain secured the, . contract for .carting thc mail* lo *jidjfrom tbe^^,M»tloi¡L. The^irioà.^jfôi' Wo years and'tlie firic'ê ¡s fido^per annum./- '. I Ur. Mitchell'« icc plant is now in -wo'rk : ing order. making the second in the town Opposition is said to hi the life .of trnile, and consumers arc reaping Uni benefit,Hhe . price having fallen to Os. per cwt. ? ' . , Thc local shearing works havo had a I splendid run this year, the fine weather favouring operations. Over 500,000 sheep have been put through there this season. ! The sub-artesian bore put down on Fern ' HiJI, near Mountain View, Avas finished ät a depth of 003 ft. for a supply of 8500 ífoj ¡lons of good water daily. Tills is on* of thc doopcRt sub-artesian bores about here, and it is cased to tho bottom. ?. Mr. E. .1. Heutig is progressing steadily with th« new cooling scheme in Ibo bottom' of the town dam. In the meantime lim. bore water through the'mains, assisted hy the weather, is ¿lear boiling poiHt. A cold; bath without a cooling tank is out of the question. The last three'days have been thc hot-. I test this season, the thermometer in main', .placen reaching nearly 110 deg. in the shade. So far not a storm has happened along, and Hie stockownors ure discussing the prospect* of a relieving downpour. So far the bush-fires that have occurred have done no harm, but on (be heavily grossed dowiiR, where Ihn feed is long und dry, a conflagration moy occur any day. Whiten, 10th November, lfli-2. I 