THE ECHUNGA FIEE. FURTHER PARTICULARS. Our Echunga correspondent has for warded the following additional particu lars concerning the Echunga. outbreak: — The bushfire. which has been raging on the banks of the Onkaparinga' Rirer for some days was on February 2, driven by a north wind- towards iuclrunga. The fire travelled with alarming rapidity, and was soon in the orchard adjoining Mr. J. Plane's house, and destroyed grass, -wattle, wood, and an old house. Fortunately the homestead wag saved. The fire travelled in the direction of Mr. Galashes'; ther* again wattle, grass, and timber provided food for the fire. The heat was. eo great j that the sheds caught fire, but were quickly I put out. The flames next got into Mr. i 1 Zanders' property, but the fighters worked j ! manfully, and saved his home. At Air, -' I Patrick, Kavanagh's section a cheek was | 1 burnt around the house, which saved it from destruction. The fire roared on to Mr. F. Plane's holding, burning a quan tity of stacked wood, wattle, back, and : wattles. Then the wind changed, and aE fear of the destruction of. Messrs; A. an-i , H. Warland's and B. Shunke's. property; : was ended. Meantime tbe wind had taken | the fire across Mr.' Von Doussa's paddock i (a corner of which only was, burnt) into Mr. H. Berry's land, where a considerably amount of wattles and stacked wood wa» burnt. ' . A House Destroyed. The flames were carried across, the range. road, and in a short time the house occii pied apd owned by Miss Park was ablaze, j the flames haying caught a bag hanging in the back verandah. The bouse, which wag a wooden one, with a thatched rQpf.fcoyer.eI with iron. was. burnt to the ground in a few minutes. The only, things saved wcr* her late father's framed shotoarapli, » se_w- ing machine; a little slothing, and a bag con taining -enough: flock, for a' bed; Miss' Eark baa :resided; in the, bush, for forty yeav*. and has had- sonie considerable experiences ?of. fires; but she said sfee had never 'Been one travel bo rapidly before: About 25 years ago a- bush/he swept over her pro perty; and five. years ago- her garden1 was devastated by afire. ^ i A Magnificent. Spectaole. ! M*. William Smith* property, known: a& Bogey; was swept clean, stacked wood, tiin- her, wattles, and., wattle- bark being- lost; Some waitle bark was saved, by throwing it into a dam. The.: fire, which is now Well under control,, was a- magnificent spec, tacle. A line of burning, gums and stringy barks stretched for nine miles, Men are watching at different places alona the front, of the fire. Mr. H. Bervy'a place is almost surrounded- by burning . trees. The fire-beaters' work wa*i made more difficult on account of the in tense heat. At eoine points it Was impos sible to reach them with drink and pro: visions. Thanks are due to Messrs. un born and Kinnane and many others foi supplies of- refreshments. It is rumorej 'that a line of huts occupied by miner* and others at Jupiter were burned. Tb«'« is a large dam at Jupiter. 'This would enable those living near to save some ot their property. Old inhabitants, gay that this, is ? the most destructive fire' ever ex perienced in the district. The townshm is enveloped in smoke, ; -and the beat is intense. The country through Mylor, Bridgewater, and Hahndorf is one tremen; dous blaze. 