Kingston Looal Court. Thursday, February 29. Foil, JURISDICTION. (Before Messrs. W. Johnstone, S.M., and £. Goode and Jos. Gall, Justices.) Fire at a Homestead Alleged to be Caused Through Fiee Escaping From Railway Packers. Mrs. Alice Botcher v. S.A. Railway Cokmissioxer.—Claim, £100 damages. The plaintiff sued the defendant for that on or about November 29, 1911, the defendant by his servants or employees negligently and without previous notice to the plaintiff set fin to the grass upon the railway line between Kingston and Narracoorto, of whioh the defendant was possessed, and had the care and management, and in the Tieinity of which was the property of the plaintiff, being Section 450 in the Hundred of Lacepede, and so negligently tended the fixe so set that the same spread into the plaintiff's land, and destroyed or damaged the grass and fenoes thereon and the vines m/i frnit trees in the plaintiff's orchard, and a plantation of pine trees adjacent to the plaintiff's garden and dwelling.—The defendant appeared and pleaded not i guilty.—Mr. A. Wallace appeared for the plaintiff, and Mr. Lattie, of the Crown ] Solicitor's Office, represented the defendant. —After Mr. Wallace had opened his case, | at the suggestion of the defendant's counsel, the Bench and counsel drove out to the scene ef the fire in question and inspected the locality. Evidence was given for the plaintiff on the Court re-assembling, the following being a summary:— Aiice Butcher, wife of Cornelius Batcher, of Peepinoo, Kingston, grazier, the | plaintiff, stated that a fire occurred on j ' Wednesday, November 29, on the railway ! Siding, four miles from Kingston. A hot j wind was blotting. It reached the plain tiff's place abont 100 yards from the house, in the pine plantation and fruit garden at 2,20 p.m. Mr. Flowers, one of the railway . gangers, cashed into the house at the back door, and told her they could not save the house, and to get the valuables out. She rushed oat after him, and asked where the fire came from. He said, " We've been doing a bit of burning, and the fire got away from us." Her daughter (Una Mattin) was with her, and beard what Mr. Mowers said. She saw Mr. Randall beating out the fire in the front garden. ] Thgy rushed to put the fire out, They had j three taps running and drew buckets from! the well. They worked hard to save the house, and about 4 o'clock the fire was got under. The fire was then confined to the woodheap, garden, and fences. About 4 o'clock, when the danger was past, she made tea for the men—Flowers and Randall. They were exhausted. Mr. Randall fainted while the fire was raging. Mr. Butcher came home towards evening, and Mr. Randal said," I have been So years on the line and, this never happened before." Her son Clarence, 14 years of age, asked Mr. Flowers where the fire started, and he said, " near thiB part on the railway line,and ran down and got away from him." Flowers and Randall left their place about 7 p.ui. The damage consisted of 60 acres of grass burnt, and pine plantation and fruit garden partly burnt. Whilst Mr. Fiowers was getting his tea she (the witness) said, ; "" The place is burnt black all around." , He said, "Yes. We can't burn you out! again this year." j Una Martin, daughter of the plaintiff, i said that on Wednesday afternoon, No-! ▼ember 29, she saw two men burning grass I on the railway line. Later on in the after-1 noon, when she was in the dining-room ironing, Mr. Flowers rushed in the back door aud said he could not save the house, and to get the things out. She rushed out with her mother, aud heard her :13k where the fira came from. Mr. Flowers said, " We bare been doing a bit of burn ing and the fire got away from us.". Her mother, assisted by Mr. Flowers, took , several things out of the house. She said j to Mr. Flowers to look across the paddock i and see the fire bnrning on the line down there and going across the paddocks. Mr. Fiowers said, " If it comes near the clothes throw them back on the burnt part." She worked at the fire till between 4 and 5 o'clock, and then got her pony and went for Mr. Butcher. A. P. Martin, son of the plaintiff, said that Mr. Flowers told him that they were burning on the railway line, and they had gone a little further up the line when he saw the fire going ahead. Mr. Flowers also said that they had no right to be burning with the wind blowing the way it was, and said Mr. Doyle's paddock would be the next to be burnt if they did not get a calm day for that side. Clarence Martin said that he went over to tell Mr. Flowers to go aud have tea. When' he got over, about 10 chains from the heuse, Mr. Flowers was beating a post out on the line with a wet bag. He (the witness) asked him how he let the tire get away, and he said they lit the thing aud it got'away different ways. Harry Martin said that he heard his mother's place was burnt and he went over to Mr. Randall's house aud asked him about the fire. Mr. Randall told him the fire started from the railway line. Cornelius Batcher, the husband of the plaintiff, said that on November 29 his step daughter Una Martin came to him where he was working and reported the fire. He rode her pony home. He found the fire had been got under. Randall and Flowers were there, and Randall said to him. "I ■ have been 35 years on the line, and this has never happened before." Two days after Mr. Flowers told him that they beat the fire out and it went on further, and on looking up it had started up again, and most have been a bit of cow dung burn ing. J, F. Ryder aud H. Searles gave evidence as to damage sustained by the plaintiff, and ■aid that they had made a careful inspection ef the property at the request of the plaintiff, and assessed the damage at .£80. The following is a short summary of the evidence for the defence:— 1 Samuel Randall, railway packer, e < I Kingston, said that he and Mr. Flowers' j | railway packer, were together on the day ! in question and were skimming along the fence near the plaintiff's place. They were doing no burning on that day. They saw a fire start up in the paddock of the plaintiff i at a point marked by them on the plan pro duced. Both he and Flowers ran to the spot and started to beat the fire out. The fire got away from them, and started back towards the railway tine and Flowers ran back and tried to pat it out. They found they could not, and |he sent Flowers to the house to warn the plaintiff. He (witness) followed Flowers about a quarter of an hour 1 afterwards, and helped all the afternoon. The wind was choppy, bnt mostly from the, south-east and south-west. They lit a fire the day before and bnrned along the rail way line about SO chains from where the ; fire started on November 29. That fire was properly put ont. He denied state-, ments attributed to him by Cornelius j Batcher, the huBband of the plaintiff, and by Harry Martin, a son of the plaintiff, that he told them that the fire started on the railway line. He (the witness) said to Harry Martin that he did not know pre cisely the point where the fire storted, but; the fire started in plaintiff's paddock. He j also denied that Flowers said to Mrs.Bntcher j —" We can't barn you out again this year." ! Flowers might have said that she was safe ! from burning for this year. Cross- examtu- i ed by Mr. Wallace the witness said that | they had given no notice to the plaintiff before burning on November 28. Only Flowers and the witness attended to the fire in question. He did not know that they were guilty of a breach of the Bush fires' Act. He kept no records of what work was done by him daily. There was no rule that he knew of that required four men to be watching when fires were lit. Tt was customary to give notice to adjoining owners. He delivered notice produced as to their intention to barn to the plaintiff on November 30, the day after the fire. It was written and dated November 29, the night that the fire happened. He made an official report as to the fire at the plaintiff's place, but it was not produced. I Daniel Flowers, railway packer, King- i ston, who was assisting Randall that day, gave somewhat similar evidence, and denied statements attributed to him by i the plaintiff, her daughter, and her sons Clarence and A. P. Martin, to the effect that the fire started from the railway line, etc. Counsel for both parties addressed the Court, and Mr. Wallace cited the case of Taylor v. Ramsay, S.A. Law Reports 1881, in which a verdict was given for the plaintiff for damage said to be done by a fire caused by a spark from a locomotive, and the verdict was upheld by the Chief Justice on an appeal to ths Supreme Court. The 8.M. delivered a long judgment and eaid he believed the statement of the rail way employees, and that a correct report had been sent to the Railways Commis sioner. He referred to the fact that all the evidence for the plaintiff was by herself, her husband and family, and that no inde-, pendent corroborative evidence was given. He entered a nonsuit without costs. The hearing of the case occupied the whole of the day till 9 o'clock at night. 