KORUMBURRA AND DI~S..... \Vritten for tho Show Supploinont. Twenty-five years ago Korumburra, then but a name, was proclaimed a township; that was in December, 1887. Kangaroos, wallabies, 'possums and native bears roamed at will through the dense forest which has now given way before the axe of the invading pioneer, and is replaced by a prosper ous and important South Gippsland town, in railway, telegralph, telephonic and postal communication with Mel bourne, 70 miles away, with municipal hall, commodious halls, clhurches, ex cellent gravitation scheme of water supply pure from the uplands on the north of the township, ijunicipal elec tric light supply, and the largest and most up-to-date butter factory under one roof in the State (that is except ing those which have established branches and creameries). After the disastrous boom years, when banks and financial institutions crashed and in volved thousands in ruin, Korumburra rose on a wave of prosperity follow ing the discovery of payable coal seams, and the coal industry gave em ployment to hundreds, perhaps thou sands, including the mines at Jum bunna and Outtrlm; but coal has had to give place to the butter industry, which is the chief pursuit at the present time, though the Austral mine, economically worked by a work ing proprietary, of four members (MIr. P. Hudson manager) without the dead weight, of an expensive Melbourne office and extravagant- directorate, is giving good results to all-the consu mer who gets good coal, the miner who gets a good wage, and the worlk ing company which gets a satisfactory return for money invested and labor expended on their lease. The results of the big 1903 strike which occurred just prior to Victoria's memorable strike of railway men has left its mark on the industry, and the Jumbunna mine, which has Just settled (July) some minor trouble with the men, is on the road to recovery after nine years of hard work. Outtrlm mine has spent large sums in development, being hindered by thile faulty nature of the country. Thle big strike gave a set-back to the industry, but since its settlement progress has been steady and sure and solid. The unwholesome "boom" element has disappeared. The opening of the railway line in 1891 was a red-letter day. Hundreds of thousands of acres of land equal to the famous Western District wer. al ready selected, and the clearing pro. cess has been steadily proceeding all these years. Smiling farina and snug homesteads now adorn the fiouth Glppsland hills, and the quiet, sedaer. cow, with herc sisters, female cous!ns, aunts and mother, yield a veritaoble golden millk. Twelve years ago the )Corumburra and District Co-operatlve Butter Factory Company Ltd. con nmonced operations. One enthusiast prollphesidcd that the output would reachll 700 tons a year. He was laughed at, and someone unkindly said that lie should see a doctor as his mind ap. peared a bit off. Tn 1901 the output was 675 tons of butter, and in '908 728 tons. The following tal)lo gives some interesting Information;- PItOGCItESS OF ''THE KORUIJMR/ItRA COMPANY. The appended statement ,hows the output, value of the butter, and the amount paid for butter-fat each year from the Incoption of the company:- Year. Output Value But. Pd, for But. Tons. Fat. 1901 241 £23,724 218,i94 1902 361 ,S,815 31,206 1903 479 45,273 09,404 1904 675 4,'90 4150 1905 669 62,939 51,238 1906 565 50.72" 48,421 1907 667 '12,1.8 50,322 1008 728 85,947 6 0(166 1909 734 81,920 (17,009 1910 816 91,595 71,171 1911 1018 105,802 .4,242 1912 981 125,441 102,073 7,932 £843,540 9 -88,396 In addition to this the company has paid away in bonuses and dividends £19,000 in 12 years. Proprietary fac tories at Ruby, Loch, Bena, Lang Lang and Melbourne compete for cream, and there are co-operative factories at Leongatlha, Poowong, Kongwak and Archie's Creek. South Gippsland is a country of im mouense possibilities, but it must be treated in a scientific manner. It has problems of its own which cannot be solved by theories which have held good in other parts of the State. Its chief problem is transportation. Served by three lines of railway-the main Gippsiand-Melbourne to Bairnsdale, the South-Eastern Melbourne to Port Albert, and the Nyora-Powlett River Wontlaggl coal !ine, the two main lines have cockspurs, and another is recom mended from Kooweerup to the Strez locki Hllls-railway facilities are good but roads are the heart- breaking draw back, The rugged nature of the country was unknown to the Government' en gineers a quarter of a century ago. They sat in their offices perhaps, and at random marked out the roads with parallel rulers and pencil, which look ed nice and methodical on the plan, each square of which only required coloring, and a gigantic draught-board was revealed upon which they could spend the rest of their time in the fascinating pastime of chess or draughts. When shire engineers and selectors came to locate these roads somen went iup hills with a grade of I in 11A; others stopped at the top of precipices with a drolp to the bottom of 100 feet. Flying machines were not then a commercial proposition, and consequently shire councils have ex pended thousands of pounds deviating the absurd thoroughfares and paying heavily for land and works to give the selectors an outlet. In justice and comnpensation for this huge depart mental blunder, South Gippsland de serves well of the Government in the matter of substantial financial assist ance for road-making. Korumburra is tihe chief town of the shire of Poowong and Jeetho, constituted in 1891 after the days of the three-pounds-to-one subsidy, and this shire has now on hand many deviations to make good grades for the farmers to got their produce to market by the least expensive method. We read a lot about the necessity for irrigation in Nor thern Victoria, and all that has been said and written can be doubly em plhacised in regard to the road problem of South Gippsland. If an army of engineers were turned loose and given instructions to get the best grades for all roads, at whatever cost, the final result would still pay Australia. South Gippsland was almhnost con sumed by the terrific bush fires of '97 and '98, and the "bush-fire year" is a lalnd-mark in local history. But, Phoenix-like, it rose from its ashes and when the starving stock came on from North Victoria in the dreaded drought years owners and stock received a hos pitable w come from South Gipps 1 ders. The bush fires, though tem porarily embarrassing, did untold good by clearing away much debris and timber which would have taken years to get rid of. Blessed by an all-bounti fuil Providence with an assured rain fall, droughts are unknown in this the garden,of Victoria. It offers every op portunity for closer settlement and in tense culture. 'Tho holdings average at a rough guess 200 or 300 acres, while geneurally speaking prominent, well-to do and self-made farmers considered that 80 to 100 acres will give a com fortable living to an industrious set tier. The rapid improvement of the various milking machines will make dairying a pleasure, and South Gipps land is now rlpe, for a vigorous policy of closer settlement with safeguards to prevent aggregation of estates. In creased facilities for scientific and technical education are necessary, so that the rising generation may be well equipped to go on the land to solve the never-ending problems which present themselves. Notwithstanding indifference on the part of the authori ties, Qippsland's rate of progress meas ured by that of older countries has been marvellous. The spirit of the old pioneers has been the guiding force, but signs are not wanting to indicate that with the passing of those sturdy empire builders across "that bourne whence no traveller returns," their moving force is passing too, and de spite the bounteous rewards smiling nature offers to those who breach the store-house of her wealth, the lure of the city draws as the magnet, and un less an effort is made now in the be ginning the city will exert her spell and rural progress will be retarded. With the increase in comfort, prac tically all farmers are devoting their time to improvement of theiiE herds and flocks, and already appreciable numbers of prizes from the Sydney and Melbourne shows are finding their way to what was once known as the "back blocks of Gippsland," notably so in connection with pure swine, Messrs. F. E. Kurre, T. CG. Abbot, E, Jenkins and T. K. Adklns being owners of Schampion breeds. In cattle, sheep and horses rapid improvement is being made. The Korumburra Agricultural Society (Mr. P. H. Watkinson secre tary) give over £400 in prizes yearly for their show in February, and exhib its from great distances are attracted, In closing my remarks, allow me to observe that Mr. Jonathan Proud, man ager of the Korumburra butter fac tory, is a gentleman to whom dairy men throughout the South Gippsland district owe a deep debt of gratitude. Combining expert theoretical know ledge with thorough practical ability and keen business instinct, he has been the guiding star of the suc cess of the Korumburra butter factory, whose prices for butter-fat and cream are watched and followed by most of the factories in the district; and the product of the factory has built up a reputation for quality and uniformity which may be equalled but not excel led by the much-vaunted Western Dis trict product. Dear reader, come and settle in beautiful Gippsland, or send your farmer friend here; he will be right royally welcome. "That man had to swallow his wrath." "I suppose that is why he is chok ing with rage!" 