South Australia Pe-visited. ? - . m i, MT. LOPTY RANGES. PROSPEROUS VILLAGES. AN INLAND ' SEA. (By ' 'Tothersidcr.'i (Continued.) 'The Hills.' To one just from the Victoria Dis trict of West Australia, whate every thing underfoot was dried up, the verdant -green grass and nicking streams -to be seen, even in ti.iilsuni iner, amongst the hiUs oveclookiag the City of Churches was a most pleasing sight. I spent ? several days enjoying their beaut?'. Passing thro ugh the township of Mt. Lofty, the work of the landscape gardeners in the grounds surrounding the homes of the wealthier classes attracts the attention and evokes exclamations of admiration: The humbler homes of market gardeners- are also things of beauty-, and look homely to passers by, and aredoubtless s, a joy and comfort to their owners. Many of them are occupied by retired farm ers, men and women spending the evening of their -days in peace and quietness amidst beautiful surrround ings, whilst their children carry on the work so bravely initiated by their parents in the' wheat-growing areas. In common with the city of Adelaide and its suburbs, the mountain villages are also expanding. Many new homesteads are noticeable, as is also an increase in the area under cultivation for fruit and veget ables. The season's apple crop had been, I was informed, very satisfac tory, notwithstanding the 'diminished rainfall last year. At Bridgewater, a village four miles on the Melbourne side -of the better-known Mt. Lofty, the rain re corded in 1911 was only 38 inches, as against an, average .of 44 inches. The soil is good, and retains the mois ture well. Springs abound to such an extent that in winter time much of the land in the fertile gullies is too boggy for cultivation. The yield of vegetables in summer time ' is, however, very prolific, the crop be ing marketed in the city, whither it is transported mostly by road, the railway apparently being very littie used for this purpose. We were~ hos pitably received at the gardens be longing to Messrs. Abrahams and Nicholls respectively, and invited to partake of the fruits of many years' labor in the shape of the ripening apples, plums, raspberries luxurious ly growing round about. Needless to say, we eagerly availed ourselves of the opportunity of enjoying such' fruit direct from the trees and bushes. In company with a good friend as guide, I spent an afternoon driving through the adjoining villages of Am bleside, Grunthal ,.and Hahndorf. The country thereabouts is somewhat less hilly than in Bridgewater, and .some fair-sized fields were passed on the way, where harvesting operations were in progress. The principal crop appeared to be the field pea, very little wheat or oats apparently be ing cultivated. Lucerne and' maize are grown to some extent, but these fodder crops arc limited to small areas, as compared with the field pea. The latter is mowed down and subsequently heaped up with a pitch fork. It is then left to dry, after which it is carted in and threshed on the hard ground. I did not see the process by which the grain, which is fed to the pigs, was separated from the straw, which 'makes excellent and very nutritious hay. Every farm appeared to have its own fruit and vegetable garden, the land being ir rigated for the purpose. Hahndorf is practically a German village, most of the residents being direct descendants of emigrants from the Fatherland, who have proved themselves desirable colonists, aud their children hard-working and thrif ty men and women. The main street is lined on both sides with mature trees, fanning a beautiful avenue. These trees are for the most part of European origin, and shed their lea ves in the autumn. The thoroughfare is then littered with the dead foliage and the bare limbs of the huge trees have a most grotesque effect. In the township, which is well-laid out, the holdings face well-kept roads and footpatlis. Substantially built stone houses are surrounded for the most part by from one to four acres of land securely fenced, and all under cultivation. Wattle bark, butter and eggs are the residents' principal sour ces of income. Ifalindorf is well sup plied with churches ( Lutheran) ? I think .1 counted five. . Since my visit extensive bushfires have over-run the. 'country Jiereafbouts doing enormous damage, especiallv in the virgin bush, which has been de vastated uf feed, whilst the beautiful stringy-bark and white guui trees have been de-spoilcd of their foliage and their huge trunks blackened. Many of the people narrowly escapod losing their homes, and even lives were at times in danger. The scene must have been terribly beautiful. Onkaparinga. Everyone who follows racing has heard of the famous Easter gather ing at Onkaparinga. We travelled many miles along the winding r,oad to the popular Oakbank racecourse, crossing the River Onkaparinga sev eral times en route. The vehicular traffic on this toad on Easter Mon day must be enormous, for 1 was in formed that no less than 700 vehicles passed a given spot in two, hours on the occasion of the last meeting. My informant calculates that about 500 of the vehicles were motor cars. Many, of ©ourse, travelled by train, but those who can afford it prefer the beautiful drive to crowded rail way carriages and the frequent -lives into smoke-laden tunnels, of which there are eight or nine between Ade laide and the course. Milang. I was fortunate in stumbling across : Mr. and Mrs. F. \V. Dunk in Ade- J (aide, and accepted a eordial invita- j tion to accompany them to Milang, on December 28. This is the anni versary day of So;. Hi Australia's foundation, and the pioneers of thu State foregather at Glcnclg. j I should say it was a gala day at Milang, judging by the amount of bunting disported n-u\ the number -»£ craft on Lake Alexatulrina. This mag- . (lificeiit shcot of water is, I was told, 12 miles wide and 20 miles long. Some of the natives tell fish yarns almost as long, and «ouse quently I was duly impressed with the fact that some magnificent irpeci mens of Uie Murray River cod occa sionally succumb to the prowess of the local anglers. I did not see them. Still anyone who knows Mr. Dunk, and he was cradled there, as was also the present Mayor of Ger aldton, will take it for granted that Milang can produce something abnor mal Dunk pere is one of the pioneers of the Murray River trade, and is Pre sident of the Milang Regatta, in which the residents take great pride. Lake Alexandrina is the headquarters of motor boat racing in South Aus tralia, and the Milang people do their, utmost to foster the sport. Most of the 'surrounding squatters have their racing boats, some of them l.eing of the hydroplane pattern, antl it was most exhilarating to slh; the tiny craft skimming over the surface of the Jake at the rate of 25 miles an hour and throwing up as much spray as an ocean liner. 1 understand the champion boat of the day, and also of South Australia, is. capable of at taining a speed of 36 miles an hour. We spent a most t delightful day cruis ing about the lake in a schooner, the company including two well known GeraJdtonians, an ex-manager, of Clutterbuck's Geraldton branch, tfirec newspaper men, and i the secre tary of the S.A. Rowing Associa tion. (To be continued.) 