WESTERN AUSTRALIA At the Criminal Court on Monday Al- fred Haysom. a clerk employed by. Robert Harper and -Co., was charged I with having stolen sums of £4/3/2, £2/18/6, and £4/18/7 from that firm. Evidence showed that accused was re- ceiving a salary of £240 per annnm, and that about £60,000 would pass through his hands in a year. He had been in the employ of the firm about 18 years. The Jury returned a ver- dict of not,guilty. On a further.charge Haysóm was' remanded" lo the next sessions, bail, being allowed on sureties' amounting to £200. At the Criminal Court on Tuesday Josephine Lindker was charged with :having attempted to kill Herself at Vlc- toria Park on January 3. The accused, who was undefended, said that she had taken lysol in mistake for'whisky, One witness stated that accused had been complaining about her head, and had said she would take poison.- Wit- ness did not think accused knew'what she "was doing. After further evidence the jury returned a verdict of guilty, with a strong recommendation to mercy. The accused was allowed to go free on her entering into a bond of £50-to be*of good behavior for 12 months. Aixo^iàg -ia ad vices received ¿by ¿he iÇjnief .Haj^rrrm.^er,. .heavy -gales were^.JCeo^Uy? experienced on _jtbe Korii-We^ ibast. Considerable Jdsin age was done to the Jetty at Derby^ The dead body of George C. Bur- rows, a North-West station manager, who has been missing for some time, was found in King's Park on Tues- day morning. A revolver was discover- ed near the remains, and an examina- tion showed that a bullet from, thc weapon had entered the deceased's brain, death being instantaneous. Bur- ro vf, who was a man of 50 years of age, was last seen on the 4th inst, when he appeared to be very despon- dent over the state of Ais financial af- fairs. An inquest was formally "opened and adjourned to March 22. .In the Criminal Court on Wednesday FJi Francis Lethbridge, an elderly man, was arraigned on a charge of having indecently dealt with a girl under the age of 13. The accused was previously tried during the present sittings, but the jury failed to agree. After similar evidence was given to that tendered at the first trial the1 jury retired, to consider their verdict. After a couple of hours they returned, and the foreman announced that -there was no hope of them arriving at a unani- mous verdict. Accused was accord- ingly -discharged. One of the worst bush-fires expe- rienced in that part of the State, broke out In the Toodyay district'on Thurs- day. The fire commenced at Malkup Brook, lt was lil in the shade at j Toodyay at the time, and- there was a . hot fierce wind prevailing. The flames approached dangerously near the homestead of Lukin Bros., and there were soon about 50 settlers and men engaged In beating them out. Their efforts were -for a long time fruitless, however, the flames extend I lng . so. as to form a wall of six miles in width. Many of the fire-fighters had narrow escapes so quickly did the flames travel. The conflagration, it is feared, has caused serious damage to the property of man}' selectors in the district- A dis- astrous fire also broke out at Gingin about the same time, and swept through the Strathalbyn and Shenton Estates. The damage caused is esti- mated at over £1000. The receipts for the Perth Electric Tramways for the week ending Friday, 8th inst, were £1873 (£1609). and the number of passengers carried during the week 171,209 (146,586). The .figures in parentheses represent the returns for the corresponding period of last year. George Dixon, on a charge of hav- ing entered a dwelling place with in- tent to commit a crime, was found not guilty and discharged. 