THE BUSHFIRES. A Quiet Day. Inforuiatioti to Land from Mount Harkcr and Bugle. Itongts oa Monday afternofti dis flos&s; Uiat. the bushtires in those districts vem well under control, and Jiad not made suiy serious projrres!; wnce Sunday. it'noR appears that ihe conflagration whuAv hiU raged for a week und denuded an inuuensc tract of country lietAfecn Aldgatv, llnda- wat«r, Mylor, Scott's Creek, Jupiter Creek, -Meadows, J)asli\vood'g Oully, Cherrv (gar dens, Kdiunga, Jlacctefield. Buf-le itahffn. Alount UarkiT,- Uahnd6rf, Urutuhal, and Uraidla has readied 'its limit,- and is now dying out, The damage done is iuwtlcul iibk1. ?lUH^DOllF, FebruiiryU. Tue bus'u iire is still causing anxiety to some uf the settlers iu the ncighbiur iood. Oil Saturday dense volumes of smoke signified that it had made a fresli start, and, fanned by a strong wind, it eooii swept over a portiou of Messrs. Kotlie'si J'fennig's, and G. lluge's paddoekn, near Jlount Barker. -In the afternoon the -wind changed to the south-east, and drove the fire iu an opposite direction. A large'area. of wattles was destroyed. At 11 p.m. a man rode tlirough'the main street shouting the news that the homesteads of seviTai settlers were iu peril. The alarm 'A'as agaiu given, and in a few minutes people were hurrying like unto. Dr. Auriciit'e motor car and several other conveyances iook men to Mr. Hermann Paech's pro perty, and from there they -H-alked .to Mr. u. lluge's place, where the' lire '-had ixaelietl tlor-e to the house. Other lrilling workers, wlio had liecn on the scene ear lier, had burnt a break, and liad saved ihe place. On this side of Bridgewater tlie lire was lnaKing headway again, and Mr. Bowman's pit^ity,' \\\\-itli* four pies, was destroyed. Mr. Treloar, -who on Thursday ?worked exceedingly hard with hk two»«ins to save Iiis hoine, and who on the following days helped iik neighbours without taking a meal, has suffered considerable ]oss. tie had a large charcoal contract from the -!o- |vernmcnt.in hand, and unfortunately 60 I tons of excellent redgirm timber, ready for the kiln, was consumed. BUGLE RANGES, February 4. ? Another day of great suspense iu ctm cection with the fires lias passed. A change of wind aud the strenuous efforts of fighters hare saved many holdings from destruction. ? Yesterday an3 throughout the ni^ht residents were burning, breaks. Fires that the previous day' were many miles awav' were to-day within a couple of miles. The damage even within a short radius from here is great, some having lost tone- of wattle liark, and others every blaVle of 'grass, as well as stock, fencing, and buildings. The fire is now burning bank on its tracks. A heavy shower of rain seems to be the only thing that will give absolute relief. . ? BURRA, Februarv 5.-On Friday night aft fhe Kooringa Methodist Church, pre sentations were made to Misse3 A. McLv hn. May Riggs, Alice Davcy, and It. Davev, who lave severed connection with the Sunday school. ' Messrs. J. Drew atjd ?J. Wise, (superintendents), and the Rev. ?T. H. Neild spoke of the work done by tie ladies. Miss McLaren had been secretary of the, birthday and star rolls since i!s adoption, and Misses Rigip -ind J)arj- (2) had been active workers in the kindergar- ten and primary schools. GOOLWA, February 5.—Mr. Richard Stead Newell, of Hindmarsh Island, died on Saturday. He was well known in this locality, and was highly respected. Many years ago he carried on business here as a carpenter at which trade he was an expert. Subsequently he took to farming on Hind- marsh Island. A few years since he re- tired from active business, and left the farm work to the management of his sons. A widow, five sons, and two daughters sur- vive.— Mrs. Rachel White, who died here on January 31, was one of the oldest resi- dents of this town. Born in Bourne, Cam- bridgeshire, on November 23, 1830, the de- ceased left England in the sailing ship, Lord of the Isles in 1854, and arrived at Port Adelaide in December of that year. She has left one daughter—Miss Jane White, of this town. KEITH. February 5.—The heat of the past few days has been intense, the worst experienced for years. Bush fires have been numerous, and in several cases, miles of fences have been destroyed. The- beat of the sun combined -with that of the. sur- rounding firea has been almost unbearable.' Water is_ becoming scarce, and dams and holes, which have not been dry for inani' years . are ' either, extremely low or dry. 'Everything is so parched* that the fire travels at a great pace .when once it getf a start. BLYTH, February 2. A large fire, which resulted in the dtSr Btruction of feed and stubble, occurred on Thursday .afternoon on the proi-ertie.s of Messrs. J. F. G. Wundke and S.' Lovelock, about six, miles west' of the town. The outbreak, tlie origin of which is unknown, started in Mr. Wundke's large grass pad dock.. aud quickly spread into the adjoining stubble paddock of Mr. Lovelock. Willing, firefighters were hooii on the scene, and they extinguished the flames a short distance from Mr. Lovelock's residence. The area covered bv Che fire was between 200%ancl 300\. acres. Large stacks of mallee root-'i, ready for carting, were destroyed, and Mr. John Kirehner is a heavy loser. ' BALtTANXAH, February 3. ! On Tuesdav-a-fire broke out opposite die Ambleside Railway Station. It was caus?il by a number of holiday rankers jvbo lijrhted a fire against a log. Assistance was quickly summoned from Balhannah. The railway permanent way ;men;. with several others, soon appeared, and. the blaze was*checked after it had covered about- 10 acres of grass. ' Landholders comnlain of liiiving *-o spend their holidays at home, in the witn mer' months to look after their holdings. On account of fire in close quarters, lhi- local rifle club had to fore.»o its iinnual trfp to Murrav Bridge to-dav. Yester day -another blaze started on the rifle ranjie. and was close. on the sionbutt before it Wai? p.\tin«uifihe(l. Some pigs, owned by Mr. J). Beaumont, were roasted alive bv n firi- winch swept tVmisrh 1lie neigh bourhoad from German' Town Hill. . LUCrNTDAT.F., Febru'm 4 . -' Tt has Wen 'fearf'^v hoUicrc for the nn-t Hiiw d»ys. Tlie country lias bceu full of bush fires. 