MILES OF FIRE. AN ANXIOUS WEEK. WATTLES and FEED DES TROYED HOMESTEADS, SHEDS AND CATTLE BURNED,! IN CHE OK 1AT JjA-ST;"' 'Not often are the Hills south of J Adelaide visited by. such- disastrous bush fires as those which raged' last week. The residents of Aldgate, Bridgewater, Grunthal, Mylor, Hahndorf, Mount Bar ker, Echungn, Macclesfield, Meadows, Fiaxley, Bigg's Flat, and several other places in the district spent an anxious week. The fire roughly covered about thirteen square miles. Takfcg Aldgate, Bridge water and Grunthal as the top side the firs ran down round Hahndorf nearly "to Mount Barker thence the boundary 0f the : area' visited went to Echungn, and Macclesfield round to Meadows and Biggs Flat to Dashwood's Gully nebrftr to Kangarilla;" thence hack wards for a .few miles tcwerde Bdieegs | but on again towards' Cherry Gardens, add so back to Aldgate., This was not only one fire, but _a number of conflagrations which Cither , joined or nearly did eo.and'.swept practically the whole of the country in- '.between the places mentioned. Besides - that, smaller fires took place "round Eagle-! oa-the-HHU, Houat Lofty and " Norton "Summit. Large fires also- raged in the vicinity of Wellington, Victor Harfcor and nfitny .'other places. . i'A slight idea of the enormous damage that must havw etesultedl cam be tena^tted when it is remembered that- every square mile is made tip of. 640 acres. Of course, all of the land within that area has not been burnt.- ■ There are pro bably hundreds of acres that "have pro videntially escaped, hut Aftere are thousands completely devastated: Not for (past twenty years has such a wide area been devastated by bush fires. On Wednesday fires broke out at Mount Lofty and' Eagle-on-the-HiM, «„{< another conflagration which had been smouldering quietly for two or three daye bore down upon Bridgewater with disastrous results. Simultaneously out breaks were reported from locations near Echunga. Strathalbyn, and' Brown hill Creek. All these fires remained unextinguished, some dormant, and some active throughout the night, and on Thursday- fresh outbreaks- bearing la their wake • ruin and desolation occurred at Norton's Summit end Aldgate res pectively. On Friday thsry continued with unabated fury all day. and night fall Saw a scene of desolatVon extend ing almost unbr<lken from the north end of the Aldgate reserve to its far south as Mount Barker , on the one hand! and Macclesfield on the other. Taking these two points as the extreme flanks of the fire, the conflagration had a frontage of something over six miles. In between the flames have made a clean sweep 4 of the whole country wrdeking .dwellings and' leaving families destitute and homeless all along its course. Besides the revival of some of the supposedly conquered- fires fresh outbreaks started. The Hahndorf fire which. came from Bridgewater way burst out with, renewed vigour and roared across to Bigg's Flat. There It divided, one .part going across the scrub country at the hack'through Mes srs. Lfebelt'a property to Join the Friedrlchstadt conflagration" at the hack of Paech Town. This other pursued I a course along the opposite side of the I Echunca-roadxight up to - and over the I Echuhgn Becreatilbn Ground. Meanwhile ' ' tbo firs which was effectually turned I aside lrom Mylor, gathered force on' I the hills at the back of the township, and driven by a strong .wind rushed I towards Meadows.. Another out I break -occurred on the banks' of the Onkaparinga. and Joined forces with the j | Mylor branch, after doing considerable [ damage through the grass and wattle country. Houses situated in the line of fire .were frequently savied, only after j the flames had blackened the outer walls, and In many fostanoes when help came too late or the surrounding fires made access impttssible nothing but ' gaunt blackened ruins remained after the 1 smoke had cleared away. From a spectacular point of View those combined outbreaks presented rm appearance the magnificence or which is probably unparalleled. The sky was' quite iuvlsible in most places through! the smoke, which mounted hundreds of ■ feet itato the air and then curled over ' and shrouded towns for many miles ! round, while the sun itself could only ! been seen in glimpses as a fiery ball,1 the rays of which was so tempered by smokh that one could look straight at' it with the naked- eye. During the day ite strength of the breeze in creased. and where the path of the fire lay up a hill, with a gully bdbind acting as a suction ventHator, the j j flames roared through the bridges and undergrowth and leaped 30 or 40 feet above the tops of the highest trees. So fierce was the heat -that the green gums shrivelled up as though touched by lightning. Where the trees were drier they caught ..almost before the ac tual flames reached .them, so . intense1 was-the heat. and in ' a mo ment every flimb was a chain of jiuivering fire. On Saturday the weather was hot, end j with a fair wind the flames imafle rapid j progress. The fire which had raged in the strip of country between Mylor, Echunga, and Meadows district. and ' Hahndorf on Friday burnt through to wards MoQnt Barker and Macclesfield was threatened by the blaze which had the day before caused such devastation 'in the ' Jupiter Creek, Echun ga end Meadows district. All this is rich- wattle land. The" Urea., dfd -not gptx into-the townships, ' bu|t continued their onward1 course. fflhat at Mount Barker was confined to scrub, and the other burnt towards Lang hntop's Creek. All through Saturday night the fire j raged near Mount Bavkffr. and at the i "Meadows end with unabated fury, but a westerly wind which arose at about I f> o'clock changed the direction of the. fire's progress, nnd thP two extremities converced iowords Mount Barker, that nearest- the township Ulowin-back over country thnt hsd escaped the mvaees <f the FriederVtstadt'" conflagration, and threatening to come on the n'orth-wdrf tern corner of the town. UP tilt o'clock on Sundav morning the whbT« j of the townships round -shout were j deserted. Their occupants had respond ed to the first sign of awakening iflvji- i ger, and hurried to the front. Early Sunday morning, however. the cool change reached the hills, and when the wearied, smoke-begrimed beaters strag gled back home in the "wee sma' hours," the fury of %he fire had died right out* and the main conflagration seemed almost hedged in with flame-swept breaks* over which it was felt there was little danger of it pas^Bug^ By ten o'clock on Suntiay morning 'the air had befn cleared of its . smoke* and only a thin; blue haze hunjg over the wooded hills, through which those that had been swept presented a dorry -spectacle with charred leafless trees silhoutted along their tops and rising fcgrbiddingly from their black ash-strewn sides. All through Sunday, though worn ot t with their night vigil, the men Kept faith ful watch round the outskirts of the fire-swept area, but with the cool change and no wind', the fire remained smouldering* where dawn had found It* and epjart^rom' tbejtew. mii^xor outbreaks, which were speedily got under, there wore no signs of renewed danger* The lasses resulting from the fire can not possibly be estimated. It raist, however. Tun into thousands of pounds. Not only has the immediate Jo3s property to be studied, but the l&ct; that the wattles that have been destroyed. Will be of ^xo cotmmsrcial' vjaftie for aevesi or eight years at least, and as one of the staple industries of the dis tricts through which the fire swept was wattle grouting, a smell idea can formed of the enormity of the damage. Horses and cattle have perished, sheep and pigs and poultry have been roasted alive, miles of fencing destroyed, hay stacks burnt, and all Borts of other property swallowed up or damaged. Then there are the unfortunate; few who have lost their (homes,- and have liter ally nothing left. To enumerate all these cases would take up too much space. It is a wonderful thfog that no loss of life has to l^e reported. A {great deal has Leon written the dhilies about the fire and the fire fighting, but the spontaneous reply t<o the call for help was one of tbe grandest features of the disastrous conflagrations The residents for miles around unhe sitatingly assembled at the various danger points, and labored heroically to subdue the flames that threatened to annihilate the home of a neighbor.. In many instances these hard working men never, went home) for three days and nights, -and even longer, but took what sleep could be snatched *>n. the roadside, and what food and' drink was generously supplied by the nearest houses. Then again the motor car took a very prominent part In conquering the flames, for by that quick mode of transit men wore token to khei front oftentimes just in time to quell a serious outbreak. {T® this connection i the name of Mr. B. Barr Smith must stand1 out pre-eminently for his kind, new in putting his cars at the disposal of the firefighters. Mr. Leniban, his driver, deserves great praise for the way he handled the cars and took the men through all sorts of places right to tbe fire. He took no small Part in checking the fire. Mr. A. J. Bar ker and Mr. H. A. Monks also assist ed in this connection, and are deserv ing of the thanks of the community. -All the traps and1 horses available In the town were also put at the disposal of the fighters. Mr. D. J. Byard, M.A:, writes:—"As honorary secretary of the Tfahndorf Vi gilance AssotAatiin. T should like to ex press the gratitude of the people of Hahnrtorf to the many who came from Mount Barkfer, to help us in our time of need, Me shall nrjL readily * »rTot I such of neighborly Wminefts.*" 