Mems from Blackall. FaoM OUB OWN CORBESFONDENT, THE weather conditions for tbe past weak have been slightly cooler during the day, compared with the previous week. At Thornleigb, on Sunday, one inch and ten points were registered. This was very patchy rain, as it only fell aronnd the home stead. At the time of writing it appears as if we are in for a good thunderstorm, and it is to tie hoped th^t a decent shower falls. Tbe stock passings for the week are as follows:-280 mixed sheep from Chippen dale to MoBSvale, C. HaaS owner in charge; 1822 ewes and lambs from Boomba station, near St. George to Newstebd, near Ilfra couibe, J. A. McCartney owner, D. E. Cole man in charge; 300 sheep from Swaylands to ForeBt Park, Page and Eubl owners, E. Weston ia charge,- 4000 mixed sheep from Barcaldine to Blackall, T. J.Gleeeon owner, B. J. Wardell in charge. Messrs. Pegler, McDonald & Co. report having sold a email line of fat wethera and ewes to C. C. Dickaon, of Bockhampton. The same firm tracked these away by Satur day morning's train. A very enjoyable social was held in the Town Hall on Friday evening laBt. It was promoted by a number of those engaged in the construction of the new railway, the primary object being to raise funds for the Bailway Cricket Club. There was a big attendance, and everything passed off successfully, and with a swing. The music was in the capable hands of Misa O'Farrell, asBiBted by Miss G. Power with the violin. Baring the evening songs were rendered by several ladies and gentlemen, and were highly appreciated. In the Police Court on the 29th Jannary, William Boulton was charged with steal ing a chestnut mare the property of Daniel McLaughlin, of Mexico Station. Accused pleaded guilty, and wai then committed for sentence at the Criminal Sittings of the District Court to be held in Barcaldine on the 19th March next. The same man waB then charged with stealing three geldings, the property of Robert Bell, o! Cotherstone Station. Lengthy evidence was taken. Accused pleaded guilty, and was committed for sentence at the District Court to be held at Barcaldine on tbe 19th March next. ; { Alexander pleaded guilty to a charge of drunkenesa; he was fined 6s. or six hours j in tbe cells. On tbe 30th Chae. McDonnell ] pleaded guilty to a charge of UBing obscene language, be was fined £1 or seven days. F. Hillieman, with five previous convictions pleaded guilty to a charge of drunkenness, and was fined £1 or a week's imprisonment. Blackall, February 7th, 1912. It is with pleasure that I report 30 points of rain on Thursday, tbe 8th inst. This rain fell during a violent thunder storm, accompanied by small hail. This seemB the forerunner of many more, as at time of writing, good serviceable rain is falling, and I hope to be able to report good falls by next mail. The thermometer reached 103 during the week, and the minimum was 66. Shearing commenced at Duneiraon Mon day week. Tom Duffy iB the contractor, and as soon as he finishes there he goes to AtboL During tbe past few days there have been Gome bad bushfires in the district not far from Blackall. On Friday one was burning on Paradise Downs in the paddock next to tbe homestead. There were two on Dnneira, and one on Northampton Downs on Saturday. LaEt night one started up the river, but the rain eventually put it out. The etock passings for the week are as foilowB:-1600 mixed sheep from Fairfield to the Blackall woolacour, and return, Thos. Orchard owner in charge; 9000 mixed sheep from the Blackall woolscour to Avon leigh, W. Browning owner in charge; 6000 mixed sheep from Harden Park to the Blackall woolscour, E. G. & J. Tichborne owners, J. E. Powell in charge; 70 bullocks from Northampton to Alice DownB, A. H. Whittingham owner, J. Shaw in charge. An extremely sad fatal occurrence took place on Sunday morning week last. A bright little boy, aged one year and nine months, only child of Mr. and Mrs. A. H. L. Cstchlove, was kicked by a horae and fatally injured. It appears that the child, who was playing about his home, got through a paling fence into a yard in which there were some horses. He was found lying on the ground unconscious, and when examined it waB found that his skull was fractured. He was immediately taken to the surgery of Dr. McKillop, who con veyed him to the hospital and prepared to perform an operation, but before this could be dose death ensued. Mr. Catchlove (who is the local representative of the New Zea land Loan and Mercantile Agency Co. Ltd.) was absent from home, being about 30 miieB below leisford at the time, bat he waB able to reach home before the chili was buried. The most sincere sympathy is felt for the bereaved parents. At a special meeting of the Blackall Town Council held on Tuesday last Alderman J. C. Minnis was elected Mayor of Blackall for the following twelve months. Only two drunks were up before the P.M. during the week, one being fined 20s. or 14 days, the other 10s. or 12 days. One gentleman was up on account of using his tongue too freely, and wai fined 10s. Later. The rain has now ceased, and registered 30 points. A strange feature of the time that it was rainiog, which was about 20 minutes, was the sun shining continually. It i9 still very dark and threatening, and we hope for another storm before nightfall. Daring the last week Enniskillen advises that they have had nearly four inches of rain on parts of the run. Most of it fell at Birkhead. A cricket match was played on the ground yesterday between teams from the Blackall woolscour and the railway men. The latter men, captained by Mr. Jones, the paymaster, got a win by the small margin of font runs. Blackall, 12th February, 1912. 