KORUMBURRA AND DISTRICT. Written for the Show Supplement. Twenty-five years ago Korumburra, then but a name, was proclaimed a township; that was in December, 1887. Kangaroos, wallabies, possums and native bears roamed at will through the dense forest which has now given way before the axe of the invading pioneer, and is replaced by a prosper- ous and important South Gippsland town in railway, telegraph, telephonic and postal communication with Mel- bourne, 70 miles away, with municipal hell, commodious halls, churches, ex- cellent gravitation scheme of water supply pure from the uplands on the North of the township, municipal elec- tric light supply, and the largest and most up-to-date butter factory under one roofin the State (that is except- ing those which have established branches and creameries). After the disastrous boom years, when banks and financial institutions crashed and in- volved thousands in ruin, Korumburra ? on a wave of prosperity follow- ing the discovery of payable. coal seams, and the coal industry gave em- ployment to hundreds, perhaps thou- sands, including the mines at Jum- bunna and Outtrim; but coal has had to give place to the butter industry, which is the chief pursuit at the present time, though the Austral mine, economically worked by a work- ing proprietary of four members (Mr. ? Hudson manager) without the dead weight of an expensive Melbourne office and extravagant directorate, is ?g good results to all- the consu- mer who gets good coal, the miner who gets a good wage, and the work-. ing company which gets a satisfactory return for money invested and labor ?ed on their lease. The results of the big 1903 strike which occurred prior to Victoria's memorable stike of railway men has left its mark on the industry, and the Jumbunna mine, which has just settled (July) some minor trouble with the men, is on the road to recovery after nine ? of hard work. Outtrim mine has spent large sums in development, being hindered by the faulty nature of the country. The big strike gave a ?ck to the industry, but since its settlement progress has been steady ? sure and solid. The unwholesome ?m" element has disappeared. The opening of the railway line in ? was a red-letter day. Hundreds of thousands of acres of land equal to the famous Western District were al- ready selected, and the clearing pro- cess has been steadily proceeding all these years. Smiling farms and snug homesteads now adorn the South Gippsland hills, and the quiet, sedate ?, with her sisters, female cousins, ? and mother, yield a veritable ? milk. Twelve years ago the burra and District Co-operative Factory Company Ltd. com- menced operations. One enthusiast ?esled that the output would reach ? tons a year. He was laughed at, and someone unkindly said that he should see a doctor as his mind ap- peared a bit off. In 1904 the output ? 675 tons of butter, and in 1908 ? tons. The following .table gives interesting information: - PROGRESS OF THE KORUMBURRA COMPANY. "The appended statement shows the output, value of the butter, and the amount paid for butter-fat each. year from the inception of the company:- - Year. Output Value But: Pd. for But. Tons. Fat. 1901 241 £23,724 £18,'94 1902 361 ?5,815 31,206 1903 479 45,273 39,404 1904 675 . 54,90 461650 1905 669 62,9 3 51,238 1906 565 59.727 48,421 1907 667 72,118 69,322. 1908 728 85,147 68 066 1909 734 81,920 67,009 1910 816 91,695 71,171 1911 1016 1056,802 84,242 1912 " 981 125,441 102,073 7,932 £843,540 £983,396 In addition to this the company has paid away in bonuses and dividends. £19,000 in 12 years. Proprietary fac- tories at Ruby, Loch, Bena, Lang Lang and Melbourne compete for cream, and there are co-operative factories at Leongatha, Poowong, Kongwak and Archie's Creek. South Gippsland is a country of im- mense possibilities, but it must be treated in a scientific manner. It has problems of its own which cannot be solved by theories which have held good in other parts of the State. Its chief problem is transportation. Served by three lines of railway-the main Gippsland- Melbourne to Bairnsdale, the South-Eastern Melbourne to Port Albert, and the Nyora-Powlett River Wonthaggi coal line, the two main lines have cockspurs, and another is recom- mended from Kooweerup to the Strez- lecki Hills-railway facilities are good but roads are the heart-breaking draw-. back: The rugged nature of the country was unknown to the Government en gineers a quarter of a century ago. They sat in their offices perhaps, and at random marked out the roads with parallel rulers and pencil, which look ed nice and methodical on the plan, each square of which only required coloring, and a gigantic draught- board was revealed upon which they could spend the rest of their time in the fascinating pastime of chess or draughts. When shire engineers and selectors came to locate these roads some went up hilly with a grade of 1 in 11%; others stopped at the top of precipices with a drop to the bottom of 100 feet. Flying machines were not then a commercial proposition, and consequently shire councils have ex pended thousands of pounds deviating the absurd thoroughfares and paying heavily for land and works to give the . selectors an outlet. In justice and compensation for this huge depart mental blunder, South Glppsland de serves well of the Government in the matter of substantial financIal assist ance for road-making. Korumburra is the chief town of the shire of Poowong and Jeetho, constituted in 1891 after the days of the three-pounds-to-one subsidy, and this shire has now on hand many deviations to make good grades for the farmers to get their produce to market by the least expensive method. We read a lot about the necessity for irrigation in Nor thern Victoria, and all that has been said-and written can be doubly em phasised in regard to the road problem of South Gippsland. If an army of engineers were turned loose and given instructions to get the best grades for all roads, at whatever cost, the final result would still pay Australia. South Gippsland was almost con sumed by the terrific bush fires of '97 and '98, and the "bush-fire year" is a land-mark in local history. But, Phoenix-like, It rose from its ashes and when the starving stock came on from North Victoria in the dreaded drought years owners and stock received a hos pitable welcome from South Gipps lauders. The bush fires, though tem porarily embarrassing, did untold good by clearing away-much debris and timber which would have taken years to get rid of. Blessed by an all- bounti ful Providence-with an assured rain fall, droughts are unknown in this the garden of Victoria. It offers every op portunity for closer-settlement and in tense culture. The holdings average at a rough guess 200 or 300 acres, while generally speaking'prominent, well-to do and self-made farmers considered that 80 to 100 acres will give a com fortable living to an industrious set tler. The rapid improvement of the various milking machines will make dairying a pleasure, and South Gipps- land is now ripe for a vigorous policy of closer settlement with safeguards to prevent aggregation of estates. In- creased facilities for scientific and technical education are necessary, so that the rising generation may be well equipped to go on the land to solve the never-ending problems which present themselves. Notwithstanding indifference on the part of the authori- ties, Gippsland's rate of progress meas- ured by that of older countries has been marvellous. The spirit of the old pioneers has been the guiding force, but signs are not wanting to indicate that with the passing of those sturdy empire builders across "that bourne whence no traveller returns," their moving force is passing too, and de- spite the bounteous rewards smiling nature offers to those who breach the store-house of her wealth, the lure of the city draws as the magnet, and un- less an effort is made now in the be- ginning the city will exert her spell and rural progress will be retarded. With the increase in comfort, prac- tically all farmers are devoting their time to improvement of their herds and flocks, and already appreciable numbers of prizes from the Sydney and Melbourne shows are finding their way to what was once known as the "back blocks of Gippsland," notably so in connection with pure swine, Messrs. F. E. Kurre, T. G. Abbot, E. Jenkins and T. K. Adkins being owners of champion breeds. In cattle, sheep and. horses rapid improvement is being made. The Korumburra Agricultural Society (Mr. P. H. Watkinson secre- tary) give over £400 in prizes yearly for their show in February, and exhib- its from great distances are attracted. In closing my remarks, allow me to observe that Mr. Jonathan Proud, man- ager of the Korumburra butter fac- tory, is a gentleman to whom dairy- men throughout the South Gippsland district owe a deep debt of gratitude. Combining expert theoretical know- ledge with thorough practical ability and keen business instinct, he has been the guiding star of the suc- cess of the Korumburra butter factory, whose prices for butter-fat and cream are watched and followed by most of the factories in the district; and the product of the factory has built up a reputation for quality and uniformity which may be equalled but not excel led by the much-vaunted Western Dis trict product. Dear reader, come and settle in beautiful Gippsland, or send your farmer friend here; he will be right royally welcome. "That man had to swallow his wrath." "I suppose that is why he is chok ing with rage!" 