I CANADA :: SPECTACLES :: :: :: | WINNIPEG ? I By robert McMillan ? | CHAPTER XII. | Your first impression on arriving in Winnipeg is that of disap pointment. It is just like any other English or Australian town. There are motor-cars, sight-seeing cars, tram cars, and all the ve hicles we are accustomed to, and the streets are up for repairs ! All civilized countries appear to be fond of taking up the streets, and per haps that is only a manifestation of the complexity of their civiliza tion. Winnipeg Kas some wonderfully tall, solid, impressive build ings, and wide, tree-planted streets. It has a . population of nearly 200,000, and it has all grown up in a few years. I had the same feeling in Winnipeg as I had when I first landed in Perth, W.A. I had travelled over 2,000 miles from Sydney in a big steamer, and landing at Fremantle, had taken the train up to Perth, and when I got there, it was just Australian, British, ordinary commonplace, the same as Sydney. I'm an old traveller, and have seen .many lands and many people, and you'd think I'd have grown hardened by this time, but I have not. When I travel a long way I expect to see a difference, and there wasn't any difference between Winnipeg and any other British town. There were the same sort of loafers and unemployed, the same policemen in the middle of the street, the same Salvation Army, and the same churches and schools and restaurants, and bargain sales in dry-goods shops. But the minute you began' to think, you saw the miracle of it« all. When I was a boy, there wasn't any Winnipeg at all, and in 1880, Main Street, Winnipeg, was a prairie trail! And now, it is a city of nearly 200,000 inhabitants, and is growing so fast that it will be bigger Jhan Sydney before we know where we are. It can't help it! Nobody can stop it, for the farmer is there, and the farmer is coming, and the land is rich, and the more farmers copie, the njcire are bound to come. Winnipeg is over 1,250 miles from Toronto, in the Province of Manitoba, ajnd it was only made into a province about 1870, and it contains an area of something like 250,000 square miles (New South Wales has 310,000). When you are passing Lake Superior, you are in a sterile, metalliferous Broken Hill sort of country, only that it has green grass and waterholes all over its stony surface. After you have passed Port Arthur and Fort William, at the head of Lake Supe rior, and passed the town of Kenora, the country) begins to flatten out, and you see a rude fence once in a while, and then a shack, and then a hut, and at last a homestead, and by the time you have reachcd Winnipeg and the Red River, you are fairly on to the prairie land, where the earth has been preparing for the plough for untold geolo gical ages. You arc in a flat, uninteresting agricultural country, a country that is our rival, a country that has only recently joined' the council of the nations, a country of British giants and men of power. This is a new country to me. It is a ' different country from Eastern Canada ; the people are different ; they speak differently ; they act differently ; they think differently. They are different ! They remind me of the rich nigger wench, who was left a widow, and a friend found her buying black underwear. She asked 'Why do you buy black underclothes?' Whereat the darkey woman sniffed and replied 'When I mourn, I mourn.' Well, these Winnipeg men are in dead earnest, and when they do business, they do big business. In 1870 her population was 215; in 191 1 it was 180,000. She has 23 banks, and whercever the carcase is, there will the eagles be. gathered'. When you see a beautiful, classic building, or a remarkably fine tjjiild ing in Winnipeg, you may be sure its a bank. ? As for the business men, they are as proud of their town as if! they had made it. The year before last they started the idea of hav ing a 'Business Men's Trip,' to cover Western Canada and the Rock ies, and it worked all right, so last year they had another. They hired a special train of five Pullman cars, a dining car, arid a baggage car, and made a trip of some 2,000 miles, stopping at every decent-sized town on the journey. This year they had 17 more applications than would fill seven Pullman cars, and it was a success! Last night they had a meeting of the Board, and somebody suggested a business men's trip to the British Isles, for next year. Right!. I-Iow much? Seventy five thousand dollars. So be it. We'll go! And these Winnipeg business men are going to Great Britain to teach the Britishers about Winnipeg, and every man will be an emigration agent, and the Gov ernment won't have to subsidise them either. Do you think this town' has a special brand of business tpen? Not a bit of it; but they are proud, progressive, and in dead earnest. The people in the streets of Winnipeg are better looking, happier looking, and of a higher physical average than any town I've been in, and the people appear to me in have realized the necessity for organi sation. They have a 'Winnipeg Development and Industrial Bureau,' which seems to exist solely for the purpose of advertising the town. It is an organisation representing eighteen different business bodies, and it has for a commissioner, Mr. Charles F. Roland, who seems to me to fill the' position of the town's daddy, always on the lookout for what will be good for the baby. ? But the question which must come to the every- reflecting mind is. this: 'What makes Winnipeg?' Organisation won't do it. En thusiasm won't do it. Roland can't do it. What does it then You can't answer it in a single word, but I would say that the chief facts are water, farmers and geographical position, and the first of these is water. ? „ I was brought up to think about, water as a thing of weakness, and 'as weak as water' was a Biblical phrase that all the kids of my ? time were brought up to believe in. I wonder, now, which is the strongest, water or electricity? We could do without electricity, but a drought would end the kingdom of men in a very short time. The expansion of water gives us steam. The .contraction of water gives us ice ; the falling of water gives us power, heat and light, and — but ' you. know the story? The woman said to the visiting minister'; — ?' 'Wttll ye tak' a wee drap o' water in your whusky'1' 'Na, na!' quo he, 'I'll tak' it just as God made it!' At the present moment Winnipeg is bringing to fruition a water power scheme whereby they are going to supply the town with power at the rate of about 50s. per horse-power per annum ! ! ! They have lots of sites for factories, and they are going to supply the .factories with power at a rate which ftill attract the manufacturer. This power will be developed from the Winnipeg River, some 77 miles^'north-east of the city, where they have a fall of 32 teet. They have a big dam there, and'hv means of a nonYl of 6.000 acres thev increase that to 47 feet. Tltefe they are developing the' power of 100,000 horses, by means of 'weak' water, but this month they begin with about 1.7,000 horse power. Yes, water is the secret of the power of the city of Winnipeg, and water has a deal to do with it ; ailways; had. The name of the town is from the Indian dialect of the Cree tribe, and means murky water. When you come from the blue, sparkling waters of Lake Winnipeg, or Lake Superior, to the dark, muddy waters of the Assinoboine or the Red River, or the Winnipeg River, you can see the meaning of the name. . Hie Red River and the Assinoboine, mighty rivers, both of them, meet in the city and join their courses to flow north to the mighty Lake Winnipeg. While on the subject of water, it is interesting lo note that though the city stands on a vast plain like our Riverina, the water is hard and . heavily, charged witji lime, that is the city water. It is not river water, for that is too muddy for domestic use, but it is arte sian water, from a depth of say, as a maximum, 780 feet- You can get a fairly good supply of water anywhere in the city at about 145 feet, good enough for general industrial purposes, but for a good do „ mestic supply, they need to bore from five to eight hundred feet- At present they are pumping about 151000,000 gallons a day from nine wells, but as the town increases tn size, they'll have to make new 1 discoveries, or adopt new methods. * . The real cause of the prosperity of the city of Winnipeg is the 1 man on the land. The man with the hoe is the foundation of all national prosperity, and he comes crowding along to this city at the rate of a thousand a day. One day this year, four thousand: emigrants arrived in pne day, and the city never turned a hair. There is room for them all here, and they are coming, coming in shiploads and being rapidly, turned into Canadians.: In the schools they have an excellent system of education, free rand non-sectarian. The language problem is met by training teachers in other languages, but the little Germans - and Poles and others soon pick up English and become as good citizens as the rest., ? ? . . . Underneath all is the soil, and it is what attracts the farmer, arid the soil was preparing, for this age, through countless geological ages. ' Our' Riverina. is the product of river floods, through long ages, and the stoneless condition- of Walgett is due to the fact that the silt was deposited there far from the place of, its origin, and, had dropped all the stones 'in the water thai bore it, before it was deposited at Wal'-. gett. Here we have 800 miles in a straight line of an old lake bot torn/ . The lake was' on limestone, fnaybe carboniferous, maybe earlier, but the deposit of the lake was clay and lime, and mud of different, M descriptions, and when the far-reaching fresh water, lake subsided, and . left tlie Lake of the Woods, and Lake Winnipeg, and Lake Superior, -? and a thousand other lakes, it left this mighty prairie to dry in the sun, to make a home for sturdy, farmers, in the 20th century. There are three great plateaux before you come to the Rocky Mountains, relics, of ancient fresh water lakes, varying in composition slightly, but all of them fertile and ready for the plough. When you watch the clay deposits taken out of deep excavations in Winnipeg, and see how purely it is clay, you wonder how anything could ever grow iiii it, ..but the white streaks in it are lime, and the frost and the .wind, and the rain of, ages have prepared the surface of it, and the bush_fires ? have blackened it, and charred it, and arranged it all, so that the thou- : sands and millions of emigrants could- come over in the big ships, to . . enrich it by their labours and manure it with their bones; .-Canada 'has. a great future before it, and Winnipeg -is here to share it, an4 assist it, and to glory in it. ? , ? ' Let me put some suggestive facts about Winnipeg into a closing paragraph. The city has 61 hotels and 115 churches, 33 public schools, 23 chartered banks, and 29 parks. The churches are very large, some of them, but in a little. suburb of about 2,000 inhabitants, I counted six churches. Poor little human mites, supporting so many parsons and failing to differentiate between religion and Christianity. But they are wonderfully like ourselves, and they are working very hard, and being as good as they can. They are good people, and they and we are one, with one flag and one destiny, and hard work is a good religion, for as it said in the recently-discovered 'Sayings of Christ': — 'Raise the stone, and there shalt thou find me. Cleave the wood, and there am I.' (To be continued). 