wiktou - (From Our Own Correspondent.) The Land Commissioners' Court was held yesterday, when the Kynuna blocks were thrown open, for .homestead selection, attracted a good deal of attention. There were five lots in all. For portion 1. parish ' of Sabnond, 23.O66 acres, the annual rent - of which was 2d- per acre, there were only two applicants. M W. Gaden won on the ballot, For portion 2. parish of Salmond. ' 18,913 acres, rent lid. there were no appli- ' cations. There wvre five applicants for ' portion 3, parish of .Saltnond, «040' acres. ! rent lid. A. G. Grant won on the liaHot. : Fifteen applied for portion K_ parch of j Jaekton, 22.034 acres, run. '2d. The sue- ; ce«ful drawer was J. IV. Burton. Tins yas the best block- It is a very compact, completely fenced, and has a bore on Glen- j uoniie Creek in the middle of it. Mr.. .Burton is at present licensee of the Aus- i tralian Hotel lur». but will retire fiom; it at the .'lid of the year to Ho ou the load. Portion S-, parirh of' Jacfctou. 20ilS3 acres, ! rent id., attracted spi'eu applicants. J. A. Young won on the ballot. Almost all the country eelceted is frood countrv, but it is dry. At' the Police Court on Friday, before Messrs. Gardner and Clou;.*, JJ.P., James Murdoch was cliarpred with travelling sheep witliout a waybill. The defendant is in' charge of £000 ewes going from ] Lerida to Hamilton Downs and neglected to gel Ids waybill before starting, cxrtert- j ins vl to be forwartU'd on to hinil Stock Inspector Vatcrbon did not press for a heavy penalty, and the defendant was fined £1, witii £1 Is: professional costs and te «d. costs of Com*. Wiutcm pcoule are usually Renerons. and another example ^tftfhis trait was Kiven this week. A inan named David Douglas died a fortnight ago leavin' a. widow aud Dve smnll children. A young lady rzadf an active canvas of tha town, i and raised a sul-staiitial sum for the be! reaved ones ; and on Friday night the I Women Workers' Vnion dcvotwl the pro ceeds of their social to the same cause. The Town Band, under Bandmaster Grace, Rave its services free, and SI. G. Crossman ' resisted at tin. piano, the financial result being very satisfactory. Mi'. Peter Hanson has again secured the contract for csrtin;; tlie mails to and from the railway station. The period ia-for two years and the price is £G0 per annum. ' Jlr. Mitchell's ice plant is now in work-' ing order, making the second in the town. Opposition is said to be the life of trade,, ?and consumers arc reaping the benefit, the j price'having fallen to Cs. per cwt. j The local . shearing works hare had ft splendid ran Ibis year, the fine weather favouring operations. Over 500.000 sheep \- lave been put through tlierethis season. g^vlne sub-artesian bore put down on Fern* Hni near Mountain View, was finished at a depth of 603 ft. for a Supply of 6500 gal lons of gobd water daily. This is one of the deepest sub-artesian bores about here, and it is cased to the bottom. 3Ir. E. J. Heath is proRressin;* steadily with the new cooling scheme in the bottom of tlie town dam. In tbo. .meantime the bore water through the mains, assisted by the weather, is near boiling point. A cold bath without a cooling tank is out of tbe question. The last three days have been the bot test this sea£on, tbe tlicnnomctcr in manv places reaching nearly 110 dcg. in tbc shade. So iar not a storm lias happened along, and the stoekowners are discussing the prospects of a relieving downpour. So far the bush-fires that have occurred have done no harm, but on the heavily grassed downs, where thi feed is long and dry, a. conflagration may occnr any day. Wluton. 10th Koverober, 1912. 