BROADSOUND SHIRE COUNCIL. (From Unr Own Correspondent.) , A meeting of tb« Broadsound .Shire Council wa» held on lin- 2nd instant. There were present :-Messrs. It. U. Tal- bot, F, E. Miller, A. T. Parnell, 8. S. Beatty, A. G. Frost, and W. Beak. On the motion of Mr. Beak, seconded by. Mr. Beatty, Mr. Talbot was re-elected chairman, members generally expressing their entire approval ol the manner in which he hail conducted thc business of the Council during his former tcim of oflice.-«Mr. Talbot earnestly thanked members for tho honour they had con- ferred on him in electing him chairman for the thiftl time. As it was their unani- mous wish (hat he should accept the oflice, he would do so ; but he would much rather some other member had taken thc position. Thc business of thc Council would hove his best attention, and he hoped tlint his efforts would he as satisfactory in thc future as they had bren in thc pu st. Ou the motion of Mr. Beatty, seconded by Mr. Beak, a hearty vote of thanks was accorded Mr. Talbot for the good services he had rendered the Council during his lengthy term as chairman. On the motion of Mr. Beatty, seconded by Mr. Miller, the Balary of .thc Clerk (Mr. J. Adair) was increased £1 | er month. j Thc Chairman briefly welcomed the. new members (Messrs. Frost and Parnell) and each suitably replied. On the motion of Mr. Beatty, seconded by Mr. Miller, the business transacted at thc . informal meeting held on tho 9th of February was confirmed. . A letter wus received flora the Home Secretary's Department, dated thc 21lrd of February, appointing Messrs, F. V. Fox and M. Mackenzie members for Son. Sand il divisions respectively. The Lands Department requested to bc advised if thc Council liad any objec- tion to thc fencing-in of thc road with graying farm No. 121, Collaroy.-lt was decided to offer po objection. A letter waa, received frpm the Cler- mont Lands Oflice, requesting to bc in- formed whether the Council had any objec- tion to the «riicloiire of roods either along the boundary or intersecting grazing farm No. 110, held by Mr. J. i". Hhannon.-ft was agreed to offer no objection. Mr. 0¡. H- Cox, of Croydon Station, wrote us follow* under dnte the Mik of January-Vour luUul" uf tile 10tu »lnnt just to hand ru repair* to Connor's Uiver Bridge". 1 um sorry io say 1 cannot help vtnir Council in thc matter. Uudcr thc uresJnt trc&.'«c conditions 1 have more Ec*s oSmy I"»",1 c«» and outside labour aw tl11' Purpose « not procurable , hero. 1 woOlo. "ltv,*u l.u »end thc Overseer up us I J. '"h.« dangerous. With respect to MV, ftt/r°TJ, complaint ic trees over the road bett*»-T. Lotus Creole Station, «nd thc bridfti, 1 have just boca over the road and there, are u few ; but thc nature of the- country niuhi» j't au easy 'matter to «et round shem. Another thins, the first four inile* ¡rom Lotus Creek I consider is a private road, and 1 wish it to remain as such on uccouút uf travelling stock. As to Mr. ÏV" .^milli's claim fur Xl lor removing trees oil thc ruad belwcon. Killarney end Croy- don 1 nm uul in a position ul present ld judge as tu the value of this work, but. will advise you later."-The lotter was ordered Ul lie acknowledged with thanks. ? Hie following letter, dated the 16th of January, w-as received flouH MfiK A. ll. Kelli ¡ck, ol' Clive ISUtionV-" A bushfire which callie, across from Lotus CreckÑyis made au awful mess of thc mad between thu iild cuppur-miuc sud Clive homestead. A great immy trees are lying across the road. 1'iom thc coppcr-niiue across thc raugc down to Apis Creek crossing ii in i bc same slate. Thal portion is, of course, ill thc shire of Livingstone. ; 1 mention it as 1 thought .you ntlglii make some. ar- rangement \yith,tliat Shire Council for ope party to Cx up bupi. portions of road.? Mr. Kenrick was authorised to have tile road in thc shire of Broadsound cleared at the lowest possible cont, Mr. \y, ll. Barnard, writing on thc 2»th of January, said-" Mr. W. Beak, of May ltowiis, sonic time ago asked ruc to tee to tho cutting down of the hanks of a creek herc, also to have a tree removed Ironi across the road at a cost of 10a. This 1 have done. 1 would also like to draw your attention to thc fact that I have kept the road' between Cooroorah homestead nud Bedford's crossing, on' the Mackenzie River, a distance of live miles, free' of limber for Hie last four wara and think your' Council wight sice its way to grant, mc Jt'i for the .work done on,ibis. road."-70n the motion Of Mr. Beak, seconded by Mr. Frost , thc. payment «f 10s, was authorised; but.ss thc repairs to the road between Cooroorah and Bedford's crossing had jjot Jieoo authorised, as re quired hy thc bye-laws, the lOouncil Sra* unable to pay the further sum of £2 asked for by Mr. Barnard.., Thc Clmiiiusn informed the Council that; owing to tho pump at < thc ;St, Lawrence town dam liuviug broken down, he had ordered a, semi-rotary pump from Merari. B. Williams, and Co., but, unfortunately; it, was sliortslúppéd on the last trip.-The action,of the Chairman.W»H confirmed,~ ; Mr. J. H. Hawkins «ros granted permis- sion to fence across the road.-io Ids grating farm Xo, 137, Waverley, on condition that the TcquitemenUof thc Actiwere complied With. .'?"?'...:.? ... , Mr. _F. ,Y. .Fox was granted ice ve. of abseiler from the meeting. Mr. Flute, .Overseer of Roads, in a let- ter dated thc 00th of. March, requested *n increase of u nges.-On thc jnotlou pl Mr, Beak, seconded bj Mr* Parnell, an Increase from i's. per jday to JOs. Was granted. Mr, ti. H. Jvoni writing on the, 31st, of March, expressed regret at hi« inability to attend the meeting.-Leave of absence was granted. The Chairman and Majar». Miller, and. Parnell were appointed.,the finance com-' mitte«!. ., ! The Chairman m.oyed ,tlmt n rat« be struck for each division /or the. vear of ld. -In the C.-Mr. Miller seconded the motion, and it was rtirrod. > Mr. Frost was authorised lo .have fallen timber cleared off. fhn roiid between Lotus Creek and Botnlmndie atatinpi and to have thc necessary work dfiWíor thc protec- tion of the Kandy Creek Bridge. Mr. Parnell was requested to .have the necessary repairs earned out to Carmilla Creek crossing at n cost not exceeding £5. A vote of £10 JOs, wns passed for thc Chairman. Lengthy correspondence from the Land» Department. Mr. Dixon,- aui Mr. King-, alon, with ricard to the request .of Mr. Kingston to be allowed to enclose the land known us ReillvH rn--rve within th« fence of his grazing ïâriij, Ko. 80«, Comet, was considered, mu! Hie Clerk wes direc- ted to advise. Mr. Kingston that, lie «ouhl enclose the land on condition that-tu wan cleared of prickly pear within 'twèïve mouths from date mid kept, OUCH a( jill times fpr tlie free use of travelling slock. Mr. James Diver again made a claim for £10 for rood work done between hi« grazing farm and agricultural homestead. -It was decided, that'ns tim work wa* carried out «>n the Wear understanding that thc Chairman would allow"'onlr £3 towards thc cost of it, the additional claim could not be entertained. Tim following report presented by the Finance Committee was received and adopted Receipts, £ d. , Balance from preceding quarter 380 13 ll Hate« received No. I division.. 16 5 Bales received No. 2 division S 10 Hates received'No. ,1 division 1 17 Koccipts on cemetery account 2 0 Total .. ., 400 16 0| Expenditure: Culvert on Wilangi boundary -5 3 Redemption of Government loan.. . 25 0 Interest. 5 0 Balarles. 16 0 Croydon-road. ll 10 Petty."cash. 10 0 Stores. 8 16 Inspection of reserve water- holes . 7 10 01 3i.v>milc Creek crossing .... 7 l'i fl | Wharf-rOad .'. '. 5 17 Refund of rates from No. 3 division .. 4 19 Refund of : rates from No. 2 division .1. 2 1 Road party allowance for Christmas holidays . . .. 4 10 Legal advice. 2 14 Advertising.... 17 Members' travelling cvpemcs 2 3 Oflicn qleaning.. .. . 15 Fidelity,guarantee. 1 10 Connor's Rsngn^ ?. 17 Horse hunting, shoeing, tc... o IB Divers'-road. 0 10 fl] Balance to credit at lituik .. 2HI I ll Total. 400 IB 0 An accompanying slutenient ..showed, that thc account of No. J division was overdrawn to the extent of £33 13s. 2d., while the accounts of Nos. 2 sud 3 divi- sions were in credit £148 7«. ld. «nd £14rt I 7fl. 2d. respectively, leaving a credit | balance, nf £201 ls. ld. Kt. Lawrence, fith. »larch, 1013. 