BUSHFIRES ON THE ISLAND. — ?? ?? — ^ ? CONSIDERABLE DAMAGE DONE. Like those unfortunate residents of the Adelaide bills and other parts of the mainland, Kangaroo Island farm ers bare bad to face considerable loss from bush fires, which last week were raging in several localities on the Island. From a spectacular point of view a bush fire is a magnificent sight, when viewed from a distance, and residents of Kingscote at the end of last week were well catered for in this respect by the fire raging in the direction of Wynford Farm. This firo travelled for a considerable dis tance and was responsible for the loss of a large quantity of grass, a valuable commodity to farmers at this time of the year. From what we can gather Mr G. G. Ayliffe was the principal loser from this blaze, having had several miles of fencing and a large quantity of feed destroyed. Wynford farm suffered in a similar manner. The fire travelled towards the Bed Banks, and Mr H. Waller, whose hold ing was in the track of the flames, lost several sheep and fencing. Settlers on the North Coast also suffered from the fire fiend, and at Smiths Bay Messrs Turner Bros, sustained the loss of a large stack of wood and a quantity of grass. Mr S. Buck of North Gape, reports having a hard time on his property, and in endeavoring to beat out the flames reoeived several burns and an injury to the eye. After working many hours in trying to check the f\re it had to be abandoned and in the course of its rush destroyed a euoalyptuB distillery plant and a boat which Mr Buck had on the beaoh for repairing. Luckily the names were prevented from reaching Mr T. Fox's property which adjoins Mr Buck's or else there would have been a dean sweep in that direction and in all probability homesteads would have been burnt. Mr W. Chapman had a narrow escape from serious loss, hav ing a staok of several hundred bags of grain within a short distanoe of the outbreak; The farmers in the locality worked hard in checking this fire, and it was chiefly owing to their efforts that more eerious damage was averted. At Cygnet Biver considerable damage has been done, fencing and feed being destroyed. In endeavoring to check the onrush of this outbreak, Mrs Florence, of Cygnet Park, was we understand, badly burnt about the neck and feet, and ie suffering from tbe effects of the strain. Of the fires at Salt Lake and along the Hog Bay road a correspondent writes as follows ; Having occasion to travel to Salt Lake on Saturday last I had the opportunity of seeing some of the country swept by the fires which were raging along the Hog Bay road. On reaching the telegraph line south of Mr G. G, Ayliffe's property we could Bee a fire was raging near Wynford Farm right on our track. As we passed the gate leading to the coast at the Bight of the Bay we met the first portion of tbe country burnt ; this was a section belonging to Mr Ayliffe situated on tbe ooaet side of the road. The fire swept the country for about 3h miles past Wynford Earm on the north side and as we passsed was bearing to wards Mr Waller's farm near the Bed Banks at a terrific rate. I heard afterwards that Mr H. Waller saved the house on Mr Rby mill's property, but had several sheep and some miles of fencing burnt. On the op posite side oi the road a strip about a mile wide was burnt, the fire travel ling some distanoe further than on the north. Here it was checked by an old burn, but when we were pas sing it was raging fieroely on either side of us, about 150 yards from the road. No damage to speak of was sustained at Wynford Farra beyond loss of fencing. Qn nearing Mr J. Davies farm we mot Mr A. 13. Waijer coming from tbe Lake. He informed us that the scrub around the Luke had been swept but most of tbe men bad managed to save their tents, r'\ though stores, and in some instances - clothes had been burnt. Mr Waller was unfortucata enough to have a£l note burnt, and while attending to his teat the tree to which bis horse was tied caught alight and one of the men was scorched while releasing tbe animal. As we came in view of ' Kiowie,' Mr R. Wheaton's property, tbo first glimpse of the havoc wrought by the fire was noticed, wbile to the west fire could be plainly seen raging fiercely. After passing ' Kiowie' 'we entered tbe fire zone, nothing but burnt mallee with shrivelled tops and burning yaccas met the eye. On reaching the shore of the Lake we were able to gauge the damage done ; on the spot were a large bag hut once stood nothing remained except the iron chimney, and out on the lake the belongings of the men were stacked for safety. We were inform ed that on Friday afternoon the fire came along tbe south side of the lake, compelling the men to remove their tents etc. On the following morning the fire swept down the north side of .' the line burning them out again, hardly a vestige of green scrub being left in this vicinity. The men appeared to be tired out owing to their fight with the flames.- Mr O. -„ ?- Campbell informed us that ' Kiowie' - .^ was in danger on Friday. Going- V-.; across to the lagoon he noticed fefae'/^ small paddock to the west of the-vife house was burning, and it was only %'~f by prompt action in cutting a' fita'* break along the south side of fcb.tr i house, with tbe assistance .of MK ^ Avery, that he managed to k©ep.,|&8';?;$I fire back. Saturday afternoon ,tb.9i^f| wind drove the fire towards ?Mr^^ Avery's farm, and it was stiHbnminjf;|§i on Sunday. When me!- on Bua^^^fi Mr Davies informed us that he *'*aiify|j|§| his son had been bard at wort IrofPili 10 p.m. on Saturday until /€^Sg||j Sunday getting the fire unaeooi^J§|| near hie farm. - . . ;*?^pl§| 