THE FIRES IN THE HILLS. TREMENDOUS AREA SWEPT. HOMES DESTROYED AND SETTLERS RUINED. BLAZE CHECKED AT LAST. All through Saturday the terrible bush fires which for the past few weeks have ravaged the most prosperous parts of the Mount Lofty Ranges, raged on southwards with ever-increasing fury. The front of the conflagration extended in the shape of a horseshoe, with Meadows and Mount Barker, 12 miles apart, as the two horns. At these points the fire was apparently uncontrollable, and at times it seemed as if nothing in the world could save a clean sweep of valuable grass and wattle country right through to Pillcox Hill, Bugle Ranges, and down to Woodchester and Strathalbyn. The heavily-timbered coun- try through which the flames raged burnt fiercely, and columns of smoke rose hun- dreds of feet into the air, darkening the whole sky, and giving an even more ter- rible aspect to the fire. Tongues of flame leapt high above the highest trees, lighting the haze of smoke with a lurid glare, while white ashes were deposited in gardens four or five miles away, falling like scattered snowfiakes. Tbe roar of the flames as they tore through the wattle country could be heard miles away, and so terrifying was it that women in some of the towns not immediately threatened ran shrieking into the streets. Indications as to where the fire was burning were deceptive, and no- body knew but what the next moment would not find the blaze bearing down on his own property. Sparks formed the greatest menace which the setttlers had to fight. Time and again they drove breaks across the front of the oncoming terror, and as the two fires met they rested from their labors, satisfied that their endeavor to protect their property had been successful. Suddenly a coo-ee from a quarter of a mile away, or even further, would tell them that a fresh out- break called for their services, and the heart-breaking trouble had to be begun all over again. A Bitter, Prolonged Struggle. With these fires recurring all round them it was quite impossible for the handful of settlers, even aided as they were by almost every man in the surrounding town- ships, successfully to combat the awful fire fiend. Inch by inch they were driven back, and the flames licked up the country in their wake even as they watched, help- less. As a house was reached breaks were burned out from all sides of it it in the en- deavor to keep the homestead intact, and these little patches in most cases, not a hundred yards round the house, were all that was left to indicate now tenaciously the settlers had worked to fight the fire all along its front. Where the scrub was thick the fighters had no hope, and, re- sisting stubbornly, they were driven back to the more cleared and settled country, but, although all the land they yielded so grudgingly to the fire, was left a blackened, desolate waste, they had the satisfaction of seeing little brown patches unharmed al- most everywhere a house was situated. Saved by a Cool Change. All through Saturday night the fire raged at both ends of the horseshoe front with unabated fury, but a westerly wind which arose at about 6 o'clock changed the direction of the fire's progress, and the two horns converged towards Mount Bar- ker, that nearest the township blowing back over country that had escaped the ravages of the Friederickstadt con- flagration, and threatening to come on the north-western corner of the town. Up till 2 o'clock on Sunday morning the whole of the townships round about were de- serted. Their occupants had responded to the first sign of awakening danger, and turned to the front. Early on Sunday morning, however, the cool change so long promised, reached the hills, and when the wearied, smoke- begrimed beaters straggled back home in the "wee sma' hours," the fury of the fire had died right out, and the main conflagration seemed almost hedged in with flame-swept breaks, over which it was felt their was little danger of it passing. By 10 o'clock on Sunday morning the air had been clear- ed of its smoke, and only a thin blue haze hung over the wooded hills, through which those that had been swept presented a sorry spectacle, with charred leafless trees silhoutted along their tops and rising forbiddingly from their black ash-strewn sides. Over the whole of the course followed by the re- lentless flames smouldering stumps sent up thin curls of smoke, while here and there little patches of grass blazed for a second and died out, or the hollow of a rotten gum appeared red and burning from the roads, both sides of which were flanked by scenes of indescribable and piti- able desolation. All through Sunday, though worn out with their night vigil, the men kept faithful watch round the outskirts of the fire-swept area, but with the cool change and no wind, the fire re- mained smouldering, where dawn had found it, and apart from the few minor outbreaks, which were speedily got under, there were no signs of renewed danger, and residents away towards Bugle Rangcs and the southward breathed freely again. This position remained unchanged at a late hour on Sunday night. Paralysed with Fear and Roasted Alive. Although the fire is now held in check, and apparently confined to an area to which it cannot do harm, other than to timber and fencing, the roll of sufferers and the total of their losses is truely ap- palling. Every day brings tidings of fresh holdings swept in the country back from the main roads, from which news filters through but slowly. A conservative view of the damage done by this fearful epidemic of bush fires puts the aggregate down at £100,000, and probably it is over that amount. Whole holdings have been swept from end to end, houses have been razed to the ground, and the loss in stock in the districts beyond Mylor has been ter- ribly heavy, the frightened animals, having been paralysed with fear when the flames bore down on them, and though openings had been cut in the fences, their owners were unable to get at them through the encircling flames, and had to watch them stand trembling and squealing with terror till the greedy fire embraced them, and they succumbed in agony, which rent the hearts of the spectators with pity for their sufferings. Valuable Wattle Plantations Swept. Some of tne finest wattle plantations in the State have been swept out of exist- ence, and though the amount of this sea- son's bark, which has actually been de- stroyed, is not of very much importance, as it is too late for stripping operations in most places, next season's supply will be very serioosly depreciated, and it will be several years before the wattle indus- try of the district is again built up. Many settlers depend upon their bark for a living, and in consequence of the fire they are left almost totally destitute. One holder estimated his actual loss in wattle alone at over £1,000, and his was by no means the largest section swept. Except for a small area on the northern side of the road between Echunga and Meadows, extending from Mr. Hackett's to the Echunga corner, with a depth of about a quarter of a mile, not a blade of grass nor a single wattle remained alive on that side of the road. On the other side Messrs. Masters, Pine, and O'Loughlin Brothers were the heaviest losers, and in all, thousands of acres of particularly fine wattles were destroyed. Years of Labor Gone for Nothing. By one who has not travelled through the country the awful desolation left in the wake of the fire could never be real- ised, but the settlers themsehres are almost broken hearted. Everything that means livehood to them has gone, and they have to start the battle of life afresh. If any one has ever built up a business with years of painstaking toil and care only to see it crumble away and vanish through some cause over which he had no control, leaving him to start all over again from the bot- tom, he would appreciate the awful calamity that has fallen upon these men. The areas devastated is so immense that thousands of settlers most have been affected in a lesser or greater degree. In addition to areas around Mount lofty, Eagle on the Hill, and Norton's Summit, which were swept by independent blazes, there is one continuous stretch of black- ened fire-swept country from the north end of the Aldgete Reserve, through Bridgewater to Grunthal, down past Hahn- dorf to Mount Barker, and round to Bugle Ranges, Maccledfield, Meadows, Dashwood's Gully, and Cherry Gardens, in the centre of which Mylor, Echunga, and smaller townships have just escaped total annihilation. In most cases the fire has swept up to within a few hundred yards yards of the various townships and in the case of isolated homes, the distance over which the flames were beaten back was rednced to feet. 