ON THE ZIGZAG RAILWAY. .Uv L.Ii..).J ONCE across the Kubicon-thc Ku biro in this case being represented hy iii Helena lîiver, a somewhat insiguificau st ri-am, save ii) time of flood, when ibo sm rounding flats are inunJavid w'.th unod waters-the smoky purlieus of Midhill.1 ar definitely left behind us, and our way li' ihrough a level country of sand an<l smi and close-set forest trees. A monotonout rat lier dreary prospect, except iii the f\\\or spring season, when thc ashe'j gv:y of u. smoke-bush, the red and green of tin slin ¥ kangaroo paws, the gold of tho wattles. an< ilie Cape-weed, and the silver and tuarn* of countless wildflowers give a linton wealth of colour to the far-reaching hush lands. Crimson runners cling parasiticall; to sturdier growths, and twine the uiik. nip Leads of the spear- bearing blackboys will flora] wreathe; these 6pears are decked nov with small white starry blossoms, aljon' which the wild bees hover from dawn t< dusk. Creepers, flaunting a vivid searle bloom, spread snares for unwary feet. Tin pink spires of the native heath are beadec with dew; begemmed is the calyx of ead fragile flower. The ragged petals of UH lovely Leschenaultia boast a deeper astin than the unclouded blue of summer skies White clematis stars the earth with it! waxen petals. Pale blue Kennedys coilf itself about the pliant limbs of slender sap- lings; and the oozy cups of the fly-catcher gleam with faint rainbow hues as the sun's rays strike athwart them. A small grey kangaroo scurries through the scrub. Everywhere there are bees; a drowsy hum- ming fills the green, leafy glades of the forest. At internals, old disused tracks branch off from the main path-alluring little deviations from the straight and nar- row way, hinting of lonely, mysterious soli- tudes, deep- sunken delte, and the soft music of murmuring streams wandering lost amidst tangled thickets. We get a fore- taste of twilight here, long before the sun has half-circled the world and dipped his red banners in a brief farewell, ere yielding up his kingdom to earth's grim vice-regent, night. A thin green haze veils the winding woodland vistas, columnal and arched, shut ting out who knows what wild saturnalia of sylvan revelry from our sight? Satyr-like Pan, perhaps, the shaggy, leering goat-god, piping from a mossy- cushioned log to tin; white, lithe-limbed forest nymphs, who love to weave their mazy dance (to the shrill, sweet music of those magic reeds) in thc sun chequered shade of immemorial trees. Or the politiced gold-flecked forest pool, in green enamel set, 6uch as dark-haired Hylas haunted-sibilant whisperings here, voices subdued and bushed; soft laughter dying like the echoes of a song; life lurk- ing nigh us, all unseen. For who knows what fond secret the matted, bronzy brake, the fretted fern-forest, hides from our eyes? Who knows what may not bechance in a land so hoary with unmemorable eld? A shy brown bird twitters, and, behold ! the spell is broken. A myriad restless midges spin in the molten sunbeams. Tho deop: liquid notes of a magpie sound from the fire-flushed branches of a wide-girthed gum. A blue kingfisher flashes by ; the fronds of tho palm droop motionless. Leaving the eandplains and the low foot- hills behind us, we gradually ascend into sterner, more rugged country. All about us rise the forested peaks and pinnacles ol' thï range. Here a stone euarry has gtsbed thc shapely flank of a hill, leaving a gaping, unsightly scar. Huge grey monoliths of granite are poised at precarious angles-thc fragments of some vast cosmic upheaval back in the misty morning of the world. They look as if they needed but the slightest earth tremor to send them hurtling down into the valley lands below, carrying deatli end destruction in their tan, overwhelming everything that rashly seeks to oppose their perilous progress Many ni' them un staiiitd with grey-green and o rn M prc liehen«. Sonic take st raupe, sinisier shapes, especially in üiR short hour ot' "'.naming when the. blue shadows deepen m violet on the craggy hill- side. In spring (ime ¡,h<> .? ."hy tlupes ;,n pink with "evci'lar-tings''-.< ¿ny. fonfich nt company, blithely reu ll i in a1- ilic we:-: wind buffets iliem. and pashes by on iif way over the lilied crown ot' ihc range. On the embankment, which rises so steeply on one side of thc track as the train zigzags up tin; forbidding acclivity, wild- flowers and trailing runnel's nf every con- ceivable hue fall in a veritable cascade ot colour. It seems as if one only had to stretch a hand from thc carriage windows in order to pluck a boinjuet fit foi- j> mar- riage feast. But. alas, ii is not always spring, and in summer the ranges are brown and barren and bleached, hung. too. with the sullen smoke of fierce bush-fires, through which thc-sun stares redly down upon an earth as shrivelled and as wan as the face of a fover-stricken man. 'Dieu conies grey eyed Bacchanalian Autumn, with the yellow- ing vine loaves (wining tendrils twisted in her tawny hair: wild Winter follows hard upon her heels : fierce storms of wind and arrowy rain sweep inland from the .sea. lin- tis the hills aro beleaguered by groy cohorts of cloud-a dense, impenetrable phalanx that carries bastion after bastion of the range, until every steep escarpment, every frowning fortalice ip won, and hung about with their ragged, wind-blown banners. Hui on keen, frosty mornings, still with that perfect silence which is, perhaps, not so much of chilly Death, as of pregnant, quies- cent life, that only awaits the coming sea- son's change to rise resurgent and replenish Earth with the kindly fruits of Nature's fecund womb, (he sluggish mists lie in white, fleecy folds in the fertile valleys and in the' lonely hollows of the hills. Then each bush is draped in a fine lacework of gossamer, gem inwrought. The forenoon is well ad- vanced ere the mists finally disperse, torn into tattered shreds by the groping fingers of the sun. He has despoiled the forest, too of all the sparkling jewels night left behind her in her headlong flight, when she fled over the rim of the world, ber sable j tresses streaming loose behind her. i Midway up a sheer eminence, the train skirts a deep defile. One looks down upon I the leafy crowns of thc trees which cling to j those precipitous slopes- Far below, a little I stripling, querulous stream winds through the gorge; beyond is the huge hunched I shoulder of a hill, sparsely wooded, and grey with granite boulders- Above rises a I steep ridge, plumed with grey- green foliage. The train comes to a standstill here, but I only for a moment; presently we are run- ning along another branch of the line, that i curves in the segment of a circle. From this I point we get perhaps the most striking view j we have had so far. Looking down, as from an eagle's eerie perched on the brow j of a barren scaur, we can see right into the desolate heart of the hills. On all sides are [ bold bluffs girt with frowning crags. Here ts a sterile valley, bristliug with thorny ! thickets and littered with the debris of countless ages. Yonder is an emerald-green i clearing, planted with broad- leafed vinee and trim fruit-trees, which in time of spring j billow over with creamy blossom-where the sturdy limbs of the peach are pink-pearled. Ifidge upon wooded ridge roll away into a distance blue with cloud shadows. The red roofs of solitary homesteads peer from among the trees. Away to thc north- west, Greeiiniount's massiv«1 side is seamed with rocky gullies; near its base tho little quarry settlement of Boya clings like a fungus growth amidst the crags. A blue-black blur, that hovers and soars infinitely remote 'n space, is a mighty eagle who has his nest in some sequestered fastness of tho forest. Eastwards, where the sharp spurs of thc range overlap, ¡6 the diflicuU ascent, that goes by way of Smith's Mill and Mundaring. Northwards. thc dim outline of the Moon- dyne hills are a pale ashen grey, faintly tinged with azure, the Imo of cigarette smoke. Southwards is sombre bush, un- broken save by an occasional farmstead standing in tho midst of its cultivation pad- docks. .Starting once more, this time on a final ascent the train swings athwart, the corrugat- ed brow of thc rise, and the wide westward reaching level lands open out beneath us. Immediately below are scattered home- steads and narrow clearings ringed about with woods. To the right, at tho very foot of the range, is the town of Midland, hung with a smoky pall. At dusk, when its bril- liant constellation of golden lights suddenly flashes forth, as if at the touch of a magi- cian's wand, it looks like a fairy city of the plain- But, alack in the full glare of garish day, " 'tis distance lends enchantment- to the view." Beyond Mid- land ie a monotonous sea of scrub, with here and there a small settlement, forlorn and foreaken in its splendid isolation. To-day the shattered arch of a rainbow spans the far coastal hills. Three winding waters loop the flate-the Helena, the Swan, with its broad reaches shimmering at high noon like well-burnished silver shields, and a glimmer with iridescent, fast- fading hues, what time the misty wing« of day are spread for flight above the cold grey line of ocean, where Rottnest Island broods like a cloud ; and lastly the Canning, which links hands with the Swan as it hurries down to the sea. In the middle distance lice Guild- ford, half-hidden by green embowering trees. Beyond are the ever- encroaching city suburbs, and thc heights of North Perth dominated by the stately Church of Saint. Mary, and tho imposing pile used for monastic purposes by the Redomptorist Fathers. The blunt crest, of Mount. Eliza is driven into tho. pale blue of thc stooping sky like an iron wedge. Perth water looks like a large land-locked lake-, at this dis- tance one cannot distinguish the Narrows. Indeed the whole river, from Guildford to Freshwater Bay, rather resembles a chain of turquoise lakes in a setting of green jade ; and beyond the scrubby ridges of Claremont, and tho white sand-dunes of the littoral, the sea is a blaze of sapphire and gold snd malachite. Tho merest strip of water seems to divide Rottnest from the mainland; on a clear day tho lighthouse is very plainly visible, while considerably nearer at. Viand tho wireless apparatus at Afpiecross is like a gigantic Mayne'e bereft of all its flowery festivo garlands. Soon after dawn, when the sun is just free of the eastern hills, is without doubt the best time to view this wide panorama. Towards evening tho haze that rises from tho sea ns the sun slants westward somewhat blurs tho finer lines of tho landscape; at dawn the re- verse is the case, every detail is then accen- tuated, and yet. at the same time, perfectly fr-; from the crude hardness, the harsh, un- sparing high relief of midday, then the river reaches are a deep, deep blue, the sea unclouded sapphire: the sand-dunes of Rottnest stand out. as white as chalcedony. Or is it evening on the lonely hills? Purple and rose-pink the loftier summits; violet and amethystine the remoter peaks and pinnacles of the sullen -.inge, their huge crouched flanks shaggy with forest growths. Slowly day dies; the dull crimson fires of sun- set fade on the sombre hill-crests; the pale amber and withered rose of the western sky have given place to soft daffodil and a faint green washed with silver. Swift bats flicker by. Now falls "The silence that is in tho starry sky. The sleep that is among the lonely hills" Light« shine out on the darkening plain. Dusk deepens, and one by one the silent stare steal into their appointed places: and brighter than the brightest of them all the solitary star that guards the gateway of thc west, flings its broad beam of golden light acr.iss the restless, heaving broa-t of ocean. Thus, winding ever upwards, the train leaves the zigzag behind it, and enters upon a country of rough ironstone ridges, heavily timbered with giant red gum and jarrah, and 60 by Gooseberry Hill and Kalamunda, we make our gTadual way past trim orchards and quiet homesteads into the very heart of the range. 