Bush Fires. By ARBOREOUS. (I.) GRASS, generally speaking, is so abundant tliis year on and around tlie Yanco Settle ment Area that when hot, dry weather suc ceeds the cool, showery, and changeable conditions of the first month bush fires of a more or less damaging nature to grass: and possibly to property-may be ex pected. Such visitations may occur from a variety of causes. Little acts of careless ness. or forgetfulness on the part of smokers in the fields or bush; want of judgment in selecting a safe spot for the outdoor workman's luncheon fire; the downward stroke of the lightning Hash of the dry thunderstorm; broken glass may also happen to be so placed as to focus the sun's rays on a hot day, to the point of igniting the dry grass underneath and around. But the most vexatious cause of fires to the loser of grass or property is that which is frequently caused by irre sponsible and thoughtless picnic parties. . /V;:' * # * A lurking danger attendant on the out door tea-billy fire in hot weather which one should always try to provide against is the willy willy, or whirlwind. The time of its mysterious birth is the calmest and hottest weather, when the unwary billy boiler, inclined to enjoy a'rest, is least on. his guard. Its first appearance and approach, should its baby play catch the eye, is often insidiously innocent-looking and caressing, merely a gentle circular sway ing embrace of the lightest grass or bush or tussock, gradually but swiftly revolv ing, itself into, a vortex in which dust, dry leaves, and any easily movable material s'eeni to be delighted' to combine in the maddest revel, and while the observer's eye is fascinated, perhaps, with the interesting Rapidity of its/development, the phenome non suddenly becomes a vicious, swirling, maddened demon, Avhich, almost as if by design, rushes down upon your hitherto smouldering embers, scattering them abroad far beyond the bounds of safety, and then follows, perhaps, the roar of an uncontrollable bush lire with a heavenward ascending column of smoke that may be seen and cause alarm to settlers for miles round. Now, as all landholders are more or less subject to loss from these contingencies, a few remarks in your practical paper may not be considered out of place on the best means of individually averting or minimising the danger of loss by fire, and how beist to combat and arrest its destruc tiveness when, in spite of all reasonable precautions, we may find it sweeping down upon us. In grassy years every bush settler, large or small, should take such precautions as are in his power, such as.ploughing fur row breaks round crops and outside boundaries, and carefully preventing the growth of grass within a few feet of any building or stackyard, paling fence or wood pile. He should have a few bullock liide beaters on hand according to the number of helpers he can muster and in the case of an outbreak on any adjoining or adjacent land he should obey the in junction to love, his neighbour as himself, and be ready to render the earliest pos-. sible assistance, for their interests are identical. In cases of sudden emergency, where quick, action of one or two persons on the Spot may suppress an outbreak, the handiest weapon to fall back on with out loss of time is a leafy bough of gum or box tree, or a corn sack, or even the coat off one's back, are all three very effective for the time being. ; # -a* . While much depends up^u the necessary fighting power reaching a fire in its earlier stages of progress, it is unwise-to overrun or override or drive to the scene of action, for the footman is liable to arrive breath less, unstrung, and exhausted, while reck less riding and driving court accident and subsequent disorganisation of forces. If the wind should happen to be moderately strong or powerful, every fighting unit should approach the windward side in the first instance, and when a few hands col lect, elect to take orders from the man most experienced or capable until a recog nised boss or captain arrives. The energy of .the beaters should be directed to each flank travelling with the wind, and the .sweep of every beat should be directed in wards towards the burnt surface. YVhile advisable to attack both flanks at once, the strongest division should operate oil the flank threatening the most mischief, li in very dense grass, where the frame can only be faced for two or three minutes by the hardiest lighter, let one man do his whack with his best energy while the others follow behind, each in readiness to take his turn in succession and retire, having a longer or shorter rest according to the number of hands engaged. This method conserves energy; and is much more effective than a straggling front rank attacking where and while it may. # 7* SA« If a back lire should be found urgently necessary for the preservation of stock or homestead, judgment is needed for selec tion of a base, by taking advantage of roadway or track, drain or plough fur row "or" scalded spot, beaters checking the flanks until merged in the advancing fire and the necessary safety, if possible, afforded. # # . Of all bush-fire fighting appliances the water cart with force pump and hose comes an easy first, and When one is avail able for each flank and Avater for refilling not too distant wonders can be. wrought. The hose should be directed on the outer edge of the burning grass rather than on the flame itself, and the result is magical. The captain of a fire brigade for the time being, if wisely selected, should be of. calm temper, or at least capable of con trol and self-possession. Lurid language may be. good enough for bullock driving, and we know its value at that; but it is .only fuel to the flames of a bush fire. Encouraging and hopeful directions to the inept workman produces usually a better result than tumultuous torrents of abusive language. The motto of every captain of industry or emergency should be: "In calmness shall be your strength." When a fire is extinguished in the most approved manner a patrol should be ap pointed to see, for some time, that no log or root or solid matter is burning on the blackened edge, and this applies especially to timbered country. 