A RECORD OF AUSTRALIAN DEVELOPMENT. ADDRESS BY W. W. FROCCATT, F.L.S. THE LTNNEAN SOCIETY. Chapter T. On March 2Gth, the Linnean Society hold its 38th Annual General MeotinR in Sydney and Mr. Froggntt, the Gov ernment Entomologist, took the chair, and as President, delivered the annual address. As a steady thing, it is safe to as sume that such presidential addresses are of little interest to the general public, hut- this one was of immense value t.o the pastoralist and agricul turist, for it deals with many of the j problems that affect us. such as the effect of cattle and sheep on the conn- | try: the result of ring-harkiiiR ; the i rabbit plague; the effects of deforres tation on the rainfall and many other points. It would be useful to the thinking people of the bush to publish i the address in extenso, for Mr. Frog- 1 gatt knows Australia well, by experi- ! enee- -some of it very bitter — and has a ' seeing eye and the ability to tell what J he sees, hut the demands on our space j prevent us giving more than a few j brief excerpts from the address. ! If any of our readers would like to ' secure the whole address, it will pro bably be obtainable from the proceed- j ings of the Linnean Society and we [ shall do our best to obtain copies for j anybody who would really like to have ' them. j Speaking of eagle-hawks and the I poison-carts. Mr. Froggatt said: — i 'No one, unless he has lived in tin- ! stocked country, has any idea how j numerous the eagles and hawks are, j before poison has been laid. I once counted forty dead eagles round a poi- i soiled carcase, on an out -st a t ion in the j north-west. Gould, in 1809, remarks on the number of hawks in Australia, j and records 40 or 50 kites (Milvus j allinis) on a tree, on the Manning ! River; while, thirty years ago, the! whistling eagles used to congregate around every western homestead, like the turkey-buzzards on the cathedral roofs in South American towns.' Then we think of bush-fires as being more terrible now than they used to be, but hear what Mr. Froggatt says: — 'Before the advent of white men, the greater part, of til surface of Aus tralia was fire-swept towards the end , of the summer, oven the coastal parts j being sometimes burnt out in large j areas, as happened on the historic i Mack Thursday, when, in 1851, the i gi eater part of Victoria and New South Wales was one great huslifire. We can now consider the most strik ing changes that came with civilisation, and tho passing of th,c aboriginals as . a nation of hunters, the first- of which was the euornious increase of the in digenous animals and large birds, not only caused by the disappearance of the native, but also by tho partial exter mination of the dingoes and wild dogs, both of which lived upon the native ? fauna. The laying of poisoned baits by the squatters, for these pests, kill ed off large numbers of carnivorous birds, which also checked tho undue in crease of wild game. 'This remarkable increase of marsu pials, in particular, was very notice able even in the early fifties. Wheel wright. in his 'Hush Wanderings,' when speaking of game, says that his party of kangaroo-shooters killed 2000 in the season within thirty of Mel bourne. And all over the forestcoun try, kangaroo-drives were the only way of keeping the larger marsupials with in bounds. lu both New South Wales ind Queensland, Acts were passed, mak ing it compulsory for the squatterB to destroy kangaroos: an assessment per capita was made on all sheep and cattle, inspectors were appointed, and a price fixed for scalps. In New South W ales, sixpence per scalp was paid all over the State, while, in Queensland, it varied from twopence to ninepence in different districts. This work was afterwards passed on to the Pastures Protection Boards, and local Boards in each land district, with a genera1. Council of Advice elected annually in Sydney.'' This address was so interesting that we'll crowd out our esteemed contri butor, 'Millie Millie.' for a little while and give a few more extracts from it. (To be continued.) 