! FACTS FOR THE FARMERS. | * J t. COOL BUILDINGS. | It is often remarked by new-comers to the Northern Australian colo- j , nies rhat. very little attention is given i to the construction of buildings wii . a ' view to coolness during the" almost j tropicaj heat of our summers. . In older settled countries, having a stniiiar rans-e of temperature to ours, the buildings are of a much more solid construction, massive walls, and substantial roofinirs are reiied upon to moderate tie teinperatuie. while the feuildings themselves are so arranged in ii- lusters or groups as to eh sure currents of ail" eireulaiinj; amongst them- w la . Canada and the North—West States of America, houses and baras, stables and stores,- are built of logs squared oa two faces with the adze, and where timber is not sufficiently plentiful to permit of this, "'dug. outs' aire made ou hill sides, the solid s earth 1 forming the walls. on three sides, and the roofs are covered with grass sods, forming a sure protection against tie summer heats as well as . the winter coldl}i Central Aanerica as well as in Egypt and many other hot elimtites, - walls of dwellings are constructed of considerable thickness, built of adobe or unburnt bricks: Some of these aie reported by recent travellers to be of very great age and'still perfect, and it is said that the interiors oi' these afoobe buiMings are of marvellous coolness. One o£ the great difficulties which dairying in,the northern part of Australia has to contend wicn is the heat and the great variation in the temperature from day to day, and at vari- •ons times of the same day. A great point of excellence in both butter and cheese is uniformity of quality and flavor^ and it is exfremely difficult to secure uniformity in Si dairy where the temperature " is constancy subject to great variations. Some of the dairy companies have gone to t>reat expanse m order to avoid these changes of temperature by double walls, deep verandaus, etc. Want of capita] is usually pleaded as the reason w&y; farmers and selectors do not erect more substantial buildings; .but.-it is quite possible that if it was more generally^ known that solid structures, eool in' summer and WETin in winter, can be built at the same, or even at' less, cost than those now generally put up. many of OUT farmers would build them in preference. On the Bkhmond and northern riv-„ «rs of N-S-W. there are places buiit of mud that are alwa3's cool- One of the builders gives particulars.'. He said it did not require any extraordinary skill to build diem; any^raan of average ability could do it. It is quite simple. We take fine ironstone 1 1 gravel, n^ixed with some earth, or just at it frould come from the pit, t<rp an-d all. We mix it like nlortar, and we ftiostly put in some -short rotten straw or chalf to make.it hang together, and use a potato fork to ipjut it -tip with- You want a stone foundation, and some galvanised iron to cover it up with, and that is about all i there is in it." It is in fact concrete building made without cement, the ironstone gravel fo-raning- the concrete. , All who have had much to do,in breaking' up new 'land have -found patches of ground which, when worked at all wet, will cake *as ha^d as cement in tile next dry spell. That is tie sort of soil to use. It is pretty plentiful in •patches in most "parts. Some volcanic sands found in Italy have the same property, and are used in making cements which have a good reputation. The method of building is shortly this: The foundation is - dug out to a sufficient depth, according , to the nature of the subsoil; in some it is needful to lay a e&utse; of rough stone (rubble). The tempered mud and gravel is jjien laid about a foot in depth ani not. less .than 15 infches in ;width, boards or slabs being used to keep the sides even- This is completed round the walls; door-sills, and frames being-put in their proper positions. In wet weather it is necessary to protect the concrete from rain, and in very hot weather it should -be shaded from tie sun to prerent too rapid drying. Wliere Ventilation'is desired it is well to make a wooden frame of -the size desired, and lied, it in about a foot from the outside ground-level. The opening thus left/ may be protected with wire—gauze or perforated zinc or tin, to prevent the entrance of in-seete and reptiles (snakes, frogs, lizards, etc.). \- The first course having, been laid, and having become sufficiently firm to carry the next, the process is repeated, Tnndow sills and frames being built in where required. When the walls 'have been completed .-to the desired height, the wall-plates are put position, and the roof pur on in the usual way- He jroofed his own place with straw-thatefyinQ. which in some circumstances is the 'best possible roofing, being impervious to heat, perfectly water tight, and very durable; but it has some disadvantages- In some places it affords harbor for vermin and sparrows, and where , grass, •cane-trash, corn-stalk, ior serub are being burned off. or bush-fires are raging, it is rather risky. Where there is a liability to these risks, a galvanised iron roof is much safer, and not •much more, costly. The great objection to iron roofiag * * * * is that the beat from it strikes dawnwiiivi duriug the day, and <-ondensed moisture drips from it at night; but both _ihese faults can be obviated at a slight expense by a lining- of glazed calico or liessian. or stiff paper nailed to the under .side of the rafters, leay— ing a clear ^ffcu-e ijfai' of some 4 inches or more between it and the iron. This space is, of course, ain airspace. and the air in it will be kept in 'notion by tho heat of the iron heating the air, which vail, being hgaiei-, iinds its way up to and out at the ridge capping, and its place be taken by cooler air entering at the eaves, and so a constant current will be kepi up. The air in -the building will be always cool, and there will be no condensation of -moisture to cause a drip at night. The Wjllesden PapeA-mills, near London, make several kinds of paper uitable for this purpose, and there are several tfabrk's well adapted for it, and also for roofing purposes. Almost any storekeeper can supply; or procure, a packing-paper glazed with black varnish oh one side." such as is used in packing goods for shipment: but any moderately hough paper will answer the purpose, which is simply to maintain a moving, body of air between the iron and itself. . There is no strain Oil it- The importance of cool places -on s homestead can scarcely be over-estimated- • A eool dairy is essential to the maid rig of good butter and cheese; a cool place is wanted for storing fruit, for curing bacon, and for keeping- provisions, and for sorting, bulking, and curing toba-eco-leaf. A cool dry place for_ the latter purpose will make a p?nny per pound difference in the value of the crop. ' The .dairies bniit of mpd are provuna- very satisfactory; the. temperature is even, and the dairy is 10 degrees cooler than any other building. The cost is ".much less feaa if built of any other material. 