HARTLEY VALE- THE TOLL OF DEATH. (From our own Correspondent.) An old and much respected resident, Mrs. Anthony Palmer, of Oaklands Farm, died at noon on Saturday in her 86th year, and the eighty-fourth anniversary of her husband's birth. (She was well and hearty up to the time of her death. Occasional little weaknesses occurred lately, and gave notice of the approaching end, and in one of these on Saturday she peacefully passed away. The deceased was a native of Devon- shire (Eng.), and came with her husband and family to this State about 29 years ago. They selected their home at the foot of Mt. York, about three miles from the Vale, and by a hard industrious life suc ceeded in making a comfortable home and living on the land. It will be remembered that some eight years ago, on New Year's Bay, a disastrous bush-fire destroyed the homestead, outhouses, poultry, and a great part of the orchard. The shock to the old couple at the time must have been very severe, although they apparently cheerfully faced the situation. But owing to the prompt action of friends and the generos ity of relatives, chiefly Mr. and Mrs. Oades,, they wore soon reinstalled, and everything rendered as comfortable as before. Mrs. Palmer was very active for her years. She will be missed from the homestead, where friends and strangers alike shared her hos pitality and with genuine cheerfulness everyone was made welcome. Young Aus tralians too may well learn a lesson from her for the interest she evinced in her adopted country. Even at 85 she was not "too tired" to record her vote at last as well as at every preceding election. Her son-in-law and daughter, Mr. and Mrs. Nash, who, have always lived with their parents, proved devoted in their care and attendance. Deceased's other children are Mrs. Oades, of Mt. Clarence Farm, Mrs. Whitworth (Queensland), Mr. James Palmer (Lithgow), and Mr. Anthony Palmer (Hel ensburgh). Twenty-one grandchildren, and 28 great-grandchildren survive her. The fun eral on Sunday afternoon at Mt. York cemetery was largely attended. The officiat ing clergyman. Rev. T. J. Heffernan, gave an impressive address. Mrs. Moffatt, another respected old iden tity, died also during the week, at the age of 78, in the Parramatta Hospital, where she has been an inmate for some years. She gladdened many childish hearts from her lolly shop supply in days gone by. Miss Florrie Russell's relatives also claim our deepest sympathy. She passed her early years here as daughter of a late re spected manager. Her death the hospital at the age of 24 is very sad. 