ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS. HIGHLAND LASSIE.— So you wish to join the League. And we wish you to join. Theretore you shall join, and all your wishes will be fulfilled. A comrade will' be got for you in ihe Highlands, and she will tell you ol' the home of your fathers, and you can talk to one another of Scottish heroes^ and Australian farms and stations. There will be lots and lots for each letter. Australia will be just as interesting to her as Scotland will be to you. 1 know Cronulla and I can imagine hov.* von liked living there with its surf 'and sea-breezes and golden sea shore. From Cronulla to a place in Queensland is a big change. But you will get to like it just as much; and better, when you learn to ride. There are greater joys in Bushland than there are in the city or by the sea. When you have a pony of your own you will know. LONELY.— You have never played with anyone for four years, and you are lonely, and you would like a com rade In the League. It must be sad to have no playmates, but there are many lonely places lu the Bush where there is nobody to play with. There you must make friends with the birds and the trees and the liowers. The birds are singing all the day, and the liowers are full of color, and the trees sway about In their breezy happiness, so why shouldn't the heart of a girl be glad. You 'love books, liowers, paintings, and horses,' so I know you know what it is to be happy, although there are no playmates. 1 don't know that you miss much in not caring 'who wins the football or cricket or tennis matches.' Because they are very little things after all. If there were no such games we could still he happy and we'd enjoy being alive just as much. 1 know lots of people who never take the slightest interest even in a Test. Match or an International sporting contest and still they seem at least as happy as the people who appear to be interested in nothing else but sport. Happiness is a queer thing in that it: is hard to say howv It comes, to whom, and where it goes. James Thompson sings of the simplicity of it all : j 'Give a man a horse he can ride. | Give a man a boat be sail sail, i And his rank and wealth, his strength ' aud health, On sea nor shore shall fail.' I sent you a form and 1 feel sure the League will bring you some happi ness. Just write whenever you want to. DADDY'S GIRL.— Tin- League badge was sent, and 1 trust your sister was pleased with it. I think it Is a de lightful birthday present. Your sister will be able to wear it for years and years, and it will fell her of the Lea gue and of yon. Was she surprised when yon gave ll to her? Presents are always better hen they oome un expectedly. If you know what is going to be put iu your 'stocking at Christ mas. it isn't nearly so pleasant. And now you are saving up to get a badge tor yourself! 1 am glad you thought of your sister first, and 1 wish you speedy success in your efforts to save for yourself. It Is great lun saving up the pennies and the thrip penees and the sixpences, and I think every girl and boy ought lo have a inotiev-box. for it helps one wonder fully 'in the art of saving. Your com rade should be pleased with the pic ture of viiiir 'lovely Batliurst.- Pic tures give a better Idea of a place than anything eNe. Sl'NNY SAM. N't a bonk It'll in the place to read ? how awful '. Still as it resulted in a letter for me I am not sure whether I will offer you sympathj. When there isn't a book in the house to read, and the home is a homestead miles from anywhere, the outlook Is serious. But, if It Isn't raining, there are the horses and the open road. Books are not everything! To horse aud away ! The mustering must have been rip ping. Cattle are more exciting than sheep, and horses are best of all. It isn't so bad being a girl when one can go mustering, aud nave 'billy tea, is it? What were your feelings while the pony was bolting? Dhl you leaf the end was coming, and did you make up your wind to be a better _ girl ii vou got safe home or did you just revel in it? My pony often used to bolt with me, for he was very hard-mouthed and excitable, but I did not mind much for the pace was thril lingly wild. The home gate would generally stop him, and It often cauie too soon. I think that description of the com rade overseas, written by herself, was delightful. Some people can look at themselves calmly aud critically like that. Is the pet emu alive aud happy? On what do you feed it. and do you let it out for a run? Are there many emus in tlie Charleville district? I have never seen one wild; If you do not hear from 'Dorothy' 'soon let me know and I will get you another com rade. NORMA.— -Has the weather cleared up? I expect to hear only of sleet and snow from your country in the Winter mouths, but I suppose you do 'ot lots of sunshine. We hear of skating and ski-ing and snow shoes and carnivals at Kosciusko, aud lots of us in the city dream of a fortnight there someday. ' If you cannot go to Mt. Everest or Mont Blanc, there is still Kosciusko! As you love reading, it is safe to assume that you love the winter nights. A roaring tire, a cosy chair, ii good book, and a night as black as a stack of black cats, and what more could the heart of a book worm desire? 'Dombv and Son' is very pathetic, and I know of people whom it has made'ery. Dickens was great. Twenty miles from three dif ferent towns, anil .vet only one mall a week — how strange. When you de cide to go to town do vou toss up a coin to see which one il will bo this time, or do you visit each iu turn? I guess 'mail* day' is- a 'red letter' day with you. Here the mail comes three times a day, but 1 think it was better when I was where it came only three times a week. One' looked for ward to it more. The bush hath plea sures that the townsfolk never know! WATTLE. — After— well, let's not say! 1 had wondered what had become of you. Now you come just the same as ever, only more so ! Leaguers never never forget, just as they are never forgotten ! The wattle you sent In the letter was very welcome. It brought up memo ries and pictures and It. was fragrant of yesterday. It recalled days of blue and gold, sunshiny butterfly days, days of happiness and _ laziness and boyish ness. There svas'golden wattle lu our district, and often on the way to the village school I have spent hall'an hour out ou the heavily laden branches of the Golden Tree. What scents! And there were sounds of insect, and songs of birds, and color everywhere. 1 am glad 1 lived In a Wattle Land. Do you kuow Veronica Mason's song? It spirits the thing. One ecstatic verse : 'The Bush was grey, A woek to-day, (Olive-green, and brown, and grey): But now it's sunny all the way, For O! The Spring lias come to stay. With blossom for the wattle.' You talk of hot days and bush-fires, already! lu our State snow is still falling — in places — and there is a nip In the air that makes one glad to be alive. 1 am glad your comrade writes interesting letters — and I am glad 1 remembered there was already a 'Wattle'' in the League. Thanks for the wattle ! ORAXG E BLOSSOM. — You are a member now and soon you will have the address of your comrade. 'Apple' Pie' is a good name for a pony, and to be iu apple-pie order is to be the pink or perfection. Is your pony ever that fit? Riding alter cows is a good way to learn, especially if they 'run away sometimes. u was mean of the little kangaroo to die especially when you had given il t.ie pretty name of I 'Bluebell,' Kangaroos seem to enjuv being out in the hills more than being about the house. The hills are home to them. 'Goggles' seems the right uame for the pet lamb with black rings around its eyes. When you say shear ing is not over yet in your district it reminds one that y(Ju live far North, for in much of New South Wales it has not yet beguu, 