MAFFRA SHIRE COUNCIL. ENGINEER'S REPORT. The Engineer (Mr. A. L. Johnson) re ported:- Tenders have been called, returnable to-day, for forming at Boisdale and for. clearing through- the reserve and on the Boiadale to Newry road. The re quired a- side-cutting and formation through the reserve will bha done after the clearing is completed. On the Licola road the had wash-out at the apleroach to the bridge at Hic key's Creek' has been repaired. The sheeting was extended. At Bell Bird Pinch some more slips occurred at the old road junction. These have been attended to. Mr S. Riggall informb m( that there are numerous small slips on the Licola road requiring attention at once. Upper Maffra Roads.-The lower roadl requires maintenance in various places, notably at the show ground, at J. J. Linton's, at Vance's, at Bell Bird bridge, at Mathieson's, and beyond to Wright's; and from Cr. Linton's to Stoke's corner. From here to the. Newry post office maintenance gravel is required, and the table drains in the township should be opened out and rendered effective. At Eatchelor's house 8 chains should be re fo;med and gravelled. From Mathi. mn's past the green tree to Wright's culvert the road requires forming and dressing, so that the flood waters will spread. HolcS and depressions cause scouring. In other parts open the table drains. The middle road is in a bad state from the junction at Batchclor's to Amoy's bridge, and from there to Kingscott's. Re-forming is needed to make a satis factory road. In parts there is no gravel at all. In several sections of this road the gravel has been spread on the natural surface, with .the result in wet weather that the road is satur ated with water. If there is goad natural drainage this method may give lair results, but along the low fiat coun try formation and drainage are asoa lutely necessary. The small saving in first cost is swallosed up many times in' the increased expenditure for main tenance, to say nothing of the state bi the road in winter. Nearer Newry, at Clyne's, Clements' lane, etc., main tenance gravel is needed-about 300 yards. At Martin's and Webster's, 5 chains reforming and gravelling is re quired. The upper road is little better than a bush track from the Mauffra ceme tery to C(lment's. For the traffic the road carries attention to water-worn ruts, scours and minor repairs is all that is immediately necessary. The gra vel recently spread needs traffic to con solidate it. Scour lprevention work at Mathieson's and Bennett's are in good order. The pipe culv:rt near the Re creation Reserve could be replaced to advantage by a larger culvert. Some scours near John Mansen's have been repaired. At Eummerlea a pipe cul vert and two chains of firming have been placed over the deprcssion. The work of gravelling has been delayed by the wet weather. The footpath from the Mtchanics' to the State school, Newry, is in hand; also the repairing of the road ta Manson's bridge. In re gard to the last mentioned read I have al ropcsal to place before the council to overcome the unsatisfactory state of affairs now obtaining after every flood. Some maintenance- gravel is required near Gannon's, on Clyne's causeway, on the Tinamba road from Manson's bridge, along Osborn's road and on the main road from Tinamba to Maffra, at Jes sol:'s, Caffrey's, and at Mewburhl Park Parts of the last mentioned road used need reforming. I have not inspected new road requirements at Riversdala owing to the floods. On the 19th June I inspected the Marathon road. Crs. Kelly and Noble were unfortunately not able to accom pany me. I found the road for the most part in good order; but atten tion was needed at Graham's, Gillio's, Me:zenthen's. Estoppey's, Houston's, and along the Marathon cutting. The worst place was at Graham's. I arranged ;with I'. O'Connor to do the unfin;shed work in W. O'Csnnor's contract, and certain reyairs, which' I pointed out to him on the ground. The checking of the water is the principal requirement of hilly roads with steep grades. The bridge at Taylor's was partly burnt by bush-fires and wholly blocked with debris, causing the water to scour out the south approach. The road to Donovan's needs two men for about a week to mike it fairly trafficable. I arranged with P. Cnner to do ccrta;n r~epais near Delt;a bridge and close- to Briagolong; als.- on the Stratford road s:ae maintenance. The low level bridge is being done, and is almost comFleted. The work required near S'm's, on the Moroka-V'alencia Cr·ok road, will be done when the contractor has the road machine in the locality do ing Smyth's road. Owing to the in. crcased traffic through Mr. Gilder's Pushy Park property to the railwasy bridge, it would ba only fair to Mr. Gilder to form a narrow strilp, and so save the traffic spreading all over his property. At Boisdale additional gravel is required in the township, anid at business places it would be advisable to spread gravel right ul to the foot path. Mr. Foster may p:rmit th. coun cil to obtain gravel from h:s land for this Furpose. During the wet weather there was a sea of mud at Boisd'le. One of the crossings near the foot of the Boisdale hill should be filled up, so as to prevent the water from rushing down the table drain and scouring it dangerously. This needs attention at once. Wilson's Read, Glenmoggie.--On Tuck day, the 2Gthr June last, Crs. Allar dyce and Flynn inspcted the outlets provided for Mr. Wilssn. The natural outlet is along the Glonmeggie Creek to Gleeson's bridge, but as some of the land is held to the water's edge, under the old Act, arrang mrnts would be necessary to acquire the strip o? laid nec:ssary for the road. I shall oexplain fully aE the coun'il table by mears of the parish ilan the position of affairs. The .road through Fullr ton's can never be anything but rra bad outlet, because of the gr:dap and tha zig-zags. At the bluff of rocks be tween Wilson's- and M'Farlane's, a de viation into Wilson's p:roperty is ab solutely nccesarv. The area required would be less than an acre. Crs. Al lardyce and Flynn are fully acquaisted with the particulars. The removal of the IJgs and debris. from the piers of the Glenmaggie brdgo wha undertaken by Mr. A. Burgoynse, -clrerk of works at Grigan's Crossing. On the Glenmagg~:e-ll'kyfl- read tables have ,t:en ol: n:' up, miint-nanco gra vel has b~n slrp'ad, tlhe srub has hren cut. tirs. etc.. di los td st the road sides have bhen clan r'd up and removed. enme repair w-rk at thr Glenmaggia cemetery and n: ar Ihillry'is is in hand. At lieyfield ths fortlathi at Wit'.ll'a has bedn form!l. As it was wAt and clayery I hai it ,:eatsLd wrth gr;t from the h?aunch s rI ths mrin str .t. A culvert tos P,"ea lrt in at M'iver's, aind mIinor rel. irs thar I, rn done in !esant'ls lan., ,t (ills :nr1 .:vanr , andr in Etatihn-;tre t. At LMsffra the fe.,,? Iath atl. Ashtn' s etc.. in Qu:en-strct, has 1becn mIle Ul and grav, ll:d. nlme mnaint.n:elre grave'l is required at the cuitting on the Msffra-Stratford road, For the strcsta of Maffra, and roads close to it, gravel from Web ster's should be used with the fine gravel from Powerscourt. This" would serve to make a better road, and also ?to conserve the limited supply of the finer gravel. The drain at Jacobs' Hotel, on the Sale road, has been clean ed out. Nothing has been done to the apptoaches to the new bridge at Ham mill's (joint with Rosedale) owing to the continuous floods. The Rosedale abutment will need carefully watching, owing to flood erosion. I have inter viewed Mr. Ebert, the new owner- of what was Hammill's land, Mlyrtlebank, in reference to the opening of the read to the 'bridge. He has undertaken to make a proposal to the council in im proving the road at the bridge paddock as wjoll as at the homestead. Contracts stand as under:-Ezard has all the piling driven at Grogan's Crcss ing on the south s.de, and on the north side the excavation is proce:ding. The central pier work has not been at tempted owing t tthe floods. For the top crossing bridge the contractor is getting the timber. 'ITh clerk of works for both contracts is Mr. Alf. Bar goyne. Jas. Flynn has final dressing, scours and clearing to complete work at Justice's, Hayfield. He has finished formation on the )awson-'.teaton road. near Allm:n's. ,hingles has done no thing to any contracts since last m:et ing, owing to wet weather. Works not started are- Forming at Heyfi,:ld and gravelling at myth's, at Va;.Lcia Creek. Grayel at Clark's Crossing and boundary road, Avon Shire, need final dressing and rolling to cimpl:lete. Blick low has spread maintenance gravel on Tale road. It needs dressing and roll ing to complete. Nothing has been done to his contracts at Long's and Bowman's. 