VICTORIAN BUSHFJRES. Melbourne, January 11. Miles of smouldering and devastated country, overlooked by the pillar of fire into which Mount Macedon had been transformed, testified to tilie . damage done by bush fires in the Riddell dis trict on Friday. JLlie hre that started on .Thursday near Runfoury, and came northward toward Riddell. waa brought under control on the Red Rock property of Mr. Alan Currie. It was well guarded on Fri day, but at about 5 p.m., when all was considered safe, it broke out afresh on the side of the Red Rock itself. A strong north wind, was blowing, and the fire quickly traversed the property of Mr. Wi-lfrcd Joiinstone. then extended to Mr. Major's and Mr. Fell's, right on to Sir Rupert Clarkes' property, known as 'Kismet.' A great number of firefighters from Riddell, Sunbury, and Gisbourne did excellent work, but much damage was caused. Everything was thought to be secure for the night, but at 10 o'clock the wind changed to the west, and started th« fire again toward Riddell. Men again mustered, and with difficulty saved the stacks and homestead of Mr. Moran. The firefighters stayed up all night. Thousands of acres of grass and miles of fencing were destroyed, the greatest losers being Messrs. A. Curne, Wil fred Johnstone, Maior Deveral, Short, Fell, and Moran. Mr. Major loaf: some sheep, and practically the whole of the country between Riddell and Sunbury was devastated. All night the fire was seen burn ing on Mount Macedon. The hill re sembled an active volcano. Bendigo, January 11. Sedgwick district was swept by a des tructive bush fire yesterday evening. The outbreak occurred on Mount Herbert, one of the eminences of the Mount Alexander range of hills, about two and n half miles east of Dr. Atkinson's Ravenswood estate. The fire was carried by a north- westerly wind over smaller estates, known as 'The Springs' and 'Preston Vale.' Manv thousand acres of grass were burnt, also a quantity of timber. Several houses were saved by tlie strenuous efforts of tlie firefighters, who turned out in large numbers from Scdgwick and Mandurang. At night the fire resembled a brilliant pyrotechnic display on tflie hills. Though it was still burning on Saturday morning its progress had been checked. 