COUHSSNG. By "SPRINGER." The charge lor advertising Stud Greyhounds in "Punch" is £3 per inch per quarter. Tho rata for advertising Coursing Meetings, Sales of Greyhounds, etc.. \s 5/ per inch per insertion. We ffo not undertake to insert advertisements of Sales of Dogs sent through the post unless paymeut is enclosed with the advertisement. Toeadar la each week <b the Bast day lo* receiving advertisements to be inserted on Couraiag aaden With profound regret I read in Monday's dailies of the dreadful death which overtook Mr. A. M. H:mnah. of Stockyard Kill. Whilst assisting to beat out a bushfire at Mcnmot, near Skipton, on Friday last, poor "Mack"—ior so he was known to all coursers—received such frightful injuries that he succumbed early on Sunday morning. The cir cumstances surrounding Mr. Hannah's death are peculiarly painful. i\Vith the thermometer well over 100 dug*. the whole district was threatened by the severest bushfire known in its history. "Mack" was engaged with other willing workers in saving the homestead o? Mr. D. Stewart, when he was startled by the screams oi Mr. Stewart's children, who, with their mother, had sought safety on one of the verandahs. Fearing that the fire had obtained a hold on the house, Mr. Haanah endeavoured to fight his way through the burning hedge to the assistance of the inmates. The fire never gained the house, but, alas ! when the flames subsided it was found that the bravu fellow had been over come in the gateway, where he lay suffering mortal injuries. "Mack" was absolutely the finest type of manhood. Full of energy and pluck, he could always be relied on to fulfil a man's part as will ingly against the devastating flames of summer as on the sporting fields oi v. inter. By his aptitude and never- failing courtesy he had built up a fine Mictioneering business at Beaufort and Skipton, where his genial presence will be sadly missed. On the coursing field he was a true sportsman, ever ready to fill a breach and set a good example. By his death the Stockyard Hill Club loses a foundation member, and one whose efforts have largely helped it to its present proud position. For years past Ms brother, Mr. I). R. Hannah, has been the club's secretary, whilst Mr. T. Han nah, another brother, is also a well-known sports man at Stockyard Hill. Poor "Mack." I had frequently to thank him for cheerful notes on enursing matters in the large district through which his business duties took him. It is indeed with a heavy heart I now offer my sincerest sympathy to his bereaved relatives. A cable from London informs us that Mr. Oscar Asche has finally decided to rely on the f b Once Australia (late Ena's Delight) by Yankee Doodle— Kna, and the bk d Captain Wood by Full Captain —Goodwood Lass to represent him in the English Wtterioo Gup, which will, as usual, be run over I.ord Sefton's famous Altear Estate on Wednesday, Thursday and Friday next, 18th, 19th and 20t.h February. It is superfluous to say that the keenest irterest is centred in the domes of the Australian greyhounds, not only by followers of the Leash, but by all sportsmen, and the final result, which will be known in Melbourne on Saturday afternoon, will be looked forward to with the greatest eagerness. Through the courtesy of a friend, I am able to reproduce in another part of this issue photographs of Once Australia and Tom White's son, who is assisting with the prepaiation oi the dogs in Eng land. Some months ago Mr. W. A. Morgan, president of the Donald Club, suggested in this column that the interests of country coursing clubs might be better served by an alteration in the method of ap pointing N.C.C. representatives. The proposal has now been taken up by the club over which Mr. Morgan presides, and I have to thank Mr. W. Willey for the following circular, a copy of which has been sent to the secretary of each coursing club in Vic toria :— "We would like you, at the next meeting oi your club, to bring the following before your members :— You are. no doubt, aware, according to the rules of the National Coursing Ciub of Victoria, that each club in Victoria represented under the N.C.C. rules is allowed either one or two representatives According to the number of members the club may have. 'I'iiu representatives appointed by country clubs have to be in Melbourne every month during the coursing season to attend to the running of the National Coursing Club. If all clubs were to send the number of representatives they are allowed According to the rules, there would be about 120 gentlemen to meet once a month in Melbourne to manage rhe N.C.C. Now, sir, we consider that it is too expensive for country clubs to send repre sentatives to Melbourne every month. We consider that it does not require 120 men to run the N.C.C Wp also think, now that the N.C.C. has appointed . districts to allot dates, that each district, accord ing to the number of clubs in that district, should Appoint one, two, or three representatives to repre lent that district at the N.C.C. meetings. Or that, sav. 10 to 15 gentlemen be appointed by all clubs in Victoria to carry on the management of the N.C.C., half of that number to retire each year, and an election to take place each year, each club having one or two votes—according to the number of members. At present country clubs who cannot afford (very few can) to send representatives to thn N.C.O. 1'ieetings appoint gentlemen in Melbourne to represent their club. This we consider a very un wisr- course to take, and we strongly recommend all country clubs to fall in with our views on this im portant matter. We will feel very .much obliged if you will give us your esteemed support, and in struct your representatives to assist us at the next meeting of the N.C.C. to bring about this much desired reform. An early reply stating vour club's feeling anent this matter will oblige." On the whole, I think the proposal is a g'ood one—J that is, the proposal to appoint district delegates— and I hope it will at least be given a trial. So far as I can see, it has only one drawback—that of placing a heavy tax on the time of the secretaries ar.d Fol'.-ftid representatives of our six coursing dis tricts". As the "circular' points out,' the expense o! sending a representative to Melbourne once a month has boon too great for many country clubs. They h>tve, therefore, allowed N.C.C. meetings to' pass unattended, unless the notice paper contained busi ngs affecting them particularly. Thus the practical result is that the business of the ruling body in the past hits been conducted by a number of representa tives no greater than that suggested by the Donald Olub, though an individual club could always send its representative to plead any cause in which it way interested. Under the proposed amendment even better results might be achieved, so long as district secretaries and representatives could be found to carry ou ihe work efficiently. But, without doubt, it would throw a lot ol extra responsibility on those officials. At the present moment, for in stance, it is high time dibtrict clubs were meeting to arrange their dates for the coming season. But, short oi main force, I do not see how district secre taries can bring perspiring men together for this very necessary purpose. In order to properly reflect the opinions of clubs, a district meeting would reciuiro to be field after the issue of the N.C.C. notice paper. District representatives would be instructed how to vote and act on beiialf of the clubs thev represented, after which the attendance of one or more of their number at the N.C-.C. meeting could be arranged. Supposing that a district had threo representatives, there should be no need for the appearance- of all three at board meetings unless the business to be discussed was of peculiar interest to that district. Many and various arguments might be advanced in favour of the proposed alteration in our system of representation. Individual cTubs would gain strength by enlisting the support of their districts beforehand, whilst the ruling body would be re lieved of much comparatively unimportant business, thereby enabling delegates to discuss at greater length rea'.ly important matters. But probably the greatest advantage of all would be the more fre quent bringing together of contiguous clubs. At the beginning^ of last year the State was • divided into six coursing districts or centres, and it was prob ably due to the beneficent influence of th»so "centres" that the most extensive and most pros perous coursing season ever known in Victoria passed off with comparatively little clashing of meetings. Nothing but benefit can accrue from frequent conferences of those clubs which course in th>: same district. Whilst the Donald Club's pro posal means a lot of extra work for "centre" sec retaries and an extra district meeting each month at which every component club should be repre sented, it has yet so many possibilities for good that I hope thrre will be a large response in its favour ; and I am sure coursers generally will await ' with much interest further news from Mr. Willey. The many Australian coursers anxious for the suppression of "doping" will be glad to know that Mr. A. L. Nase intends to exert himself to tho utmost to carry his motion against doping at next meeting of the National Coursing Club. In a letter just to hand. Mr. Nase writes me "Hares are particularly plentiful round Creswick, and the district clubs should experience no difficulty in running off their stakes this season. I fully expect H'! 4 to be a record as far as coursing is con cerned in Victoria, both from the numbers of owners and dogs engaged in the sport and also in regard to its popularity—particularly if I can carry my motion in regard to doping, which I fully ex pect to do." St. Arnaud Enclosure Club must surely nave established a record. It was only formed last season, the inaugural meeting being run on the ISth of .Tune. Yet here is the report sent me : "The lir.-t annual meeting of the St. Arnaud En closure Coursing Club was held on 2nd February, si\tv members being- present. Although oniy in existence a year, the success of .the club has been remarkable. It expended £2<14 in building the plumpton, gave £329 in stakes, and closed the year with a credit balance of £21G. It was resolved to pay off the whole of the debentures, 214 of which were issued at £1. The meeting voted the secre taries (Messrs. T. Young and T. Fay) a bonus of and they suitably acknowledged the vote." "Kyneton."—Have not overlooked your enquiry. Hope to publish the pedigree you require. "K.B.H." (Hamilton) is informed that The Fisb is by Quick Thought from Speck, and Speck is by Robin from Flirt. Will endeavour to get further particulars later on. My old friend, Mr. John Bruce, of Yarrawonga, writes me thus under d^te 8th Feb. :— "■With the thermometer registering 110 and 111 for two successive days, it scarcely seems season able to cither think or write about coursing. How ever. there has been a decided increase of coursing news in vour columns during the last two or three weeks, and I am pleased to notice that you have been already able to publish the balance-sheets oi last reason and the anticipations for the present s.-ason of various clubs. 1 have no official connec tion with mj old club just now, but I trust tho secretary will soon get to work, and there is not the slightest fear but that the season will lie as good as any we have had. I understand the club is something like £10 in credit. Owing to stress of business, I expected lo either sell or lease nay dogs, but I have decided to have them again trained under my own supervision, and if all is well expect to again visit the many fields of my defeats--hut this season with a different result. 1 have four Jack Wren—Moonrays (July, *12), five Pass Over—Sweet Narelles iDec.. '12) to run as puppies this year, and three second-season docs. XJ»c old champion hiniseli I have decided to retire on his laurels. I have also leased four, viz., one at Becalla. one at Tocumwal, and two at Berrigan "Re the V.C.C. Derby and Oaks fixture, I have b(en wondering if the committee could be induced to have '-his, say, three or four weeks later in tho reason. Country chvners very rarely have a chance of competing, as, owing to the usual dryness at that time of the year, they are unable to ascer tain ii there are any fit candidates in the kennel Very often nlso—for the saTie reason—the club has to postpone th>; event, so I think it would be mud; hotter for all parties if the nominations closed a few weeks later. At this time of tho vear I would xtrongiy advise representatives of clubs to meet and arrange dates suitable to their own districts. Although a considerable amount of trouble was taken last year to attain this end, a lot of clubs neglected to send their representatives, with the result that the carelcss ones had to acccpt what e"^er dates were left. One or two of our neigh boring clubs' fixtures were on the days following ov.r own, which no doubt was disastrous to them selves. There is one little subject I think should be brought under the notice of the V.C.C., and that is the licensing of bookmakers to bet at their meetings. Most clubs accept the fee with out satisfying themselves that the men are in a position to meet their obligations. In the inter ests of good, straight-going bookmakers. I think some inquiry should be made before being allowed to do business on the ground. Last season I waff twice taken in, and at the present time I hold an unpaid ticket which I would sell for a fraction of its far:) value. It would be only a small cost lor hip c.lubrt to seciire the services of a detective, or aomeone who would not only collect their fees but safeguard their patrons at the same time." Those who want to get hold of the Kilmainham— Dewy Mist strain which last year gave us Dad and Dnqkv Dumsel have now their opportunity. As pre viously Mentioned in this column, Mr. D'Arcy hopes to make the Old World trip with Dad this year, leaving Australia probably in August. He has therefore decided to sell the whole of Dewy Mist's Inst litter, which are just over two months old. Mr. D'Arcy writes mc that the youngsters shuve done particularly well up to now and are as like the previous litter as two peas, so it is not un natural he should observe : "After discovering such a 'nic!<,' one almost feels sorry to part with thenv. but you know my intentions ahead." As Mr. D'Arcy has fixed the prices, the only thing left to intending purchasers is what, secretaries call "priority of application and as there are oi.lv ht-lf-a-dozen in the litter the man who wants one had better lose 110 time. The Donald Club has issued an official hand-bill of "Australia's Big Plum, the Donald Cup of li-14." The running will take place about 15th, 16th and 17th June. No less than £822 will bo distributed, first prize being £'ll>0 and cup. and second prize £luQ. When Air. Nase decided to place Ned Cringle, at tlx. stud, he knew tliat with ordinary luck the dog wouid have a great future in this capacity ; but it is doubtful whether even the admiring owner him self quite anticipated tnc patronage his good dog has received. "Ned" became a popular sire at once, and so pleased are kenneimen with their first Jitters by the Creswick dog that his services are now in gtenter request than ever. The following bitches have i'ee.n amongst his most rectal males : Mr. J. Chapman's (Shepparton) Lynar by Kelvin i'ett— Full of Joy ; Mr. David Kohn's (Gordon) Miss Opal, dam oi Mandy and Matrix ; Mr. Herbert Bi:tson's (Geelong) black bitch by Great Thought Wvuna ; Mr. J. Barnes's (Clunes) Cumberland Lass; Mr. Keg. Beyer's (Footscrayj Gipsy's Warning ; Mr. G. Wiliiats's (Maryborough) Forgive and Forget bv Braddoa's Blot—Lanoline. This is Forgive and Fc: get's second visit. Mr. Wiilats is so pleased with his first, litter of ten thai lie has decidcd on a second edition, and I think his judgment will prove to be correct. Word comes from the Geetong courser, Mr. W. F. Paeey, that his great bitch, Hindoo Maid, has whelped eight line puppies which perfectly satisfy that keen judge. Mr. David ivohn, of Gordon, owner of Miss Opal, also writes in highly complimentary terms ol his litter of seven, and expects great things from them ; while Mr. Herbert Batson, of Geelong, and Mr. Ebsworthy, of Hamilton, send word that they are very pleased with their puppies. Several good bitches booked to Ned have up to date disappointed their owners by not being ready. 