; BUSH FIRES. Absorbing as ;may be the interest, our agricultural settlers in the doings-of the Empire's enemy, in Europe, they must not1 permit that to divert their attention from the possible enemies • that may at tack them on their own- holdings.- The'; •worst of those enemies, • of course,' drought.' \Vhat provision'-can be . 'made; against jt ?. Irrigation *is the generally, adopted plan. But ; irrigation " requires" enormous quantities of water, «nd it. i a .very- expensive undertaking;' 'For this reason, only - very. few farmers uudcr take irrigation op- any thing. like an extensive scale. They arc foolish to neglect: this excellent, provision against, drought ; and. really, the cost may be regarded only as insurance against, possible - c | astrous 'losses. " But the next worst | enemy against which farmers have to ! pfovide, and should provide by', all nos < siblc means, is bush-fire. Particularly is j this the case in newly settled districts,; in which only comparatively small areas | arc cleared, and ox which even the fallen I timber, and scrub add to the danger of . fire. Forewarned is forearmed. The, sum mer rushes on-apace, and,-unfortunately, drought conditions prevail over a - very wide area of our agricultural and pas toral districts. All conditions, therefore,,, arc,favourable for-attacks by hush.fires, and farmers should not lose any time in making ; ample provision against such possible attacks. . In long settled districts, such as Downs, in which practically the whole .country-has been cleared, and in which roads are free from scrub,, timber, and' inflammable vegetable pests and. under growth, hush .fires cannot possibiy spread as they can and do. in newly .settled districts." Cleared roads act as a splendid break; and the majority o& farmers in these settled districts are carcj ful to keep their land clear along the fences; so that the danger .that fire majj enter their fields, destroying fences and crops is minimised; But this js a vcryj big .job for farmers" in- newly settled- dis- . tricts. -They are fully employed, in clear ing a. few; acres around the homestead ; . ami before .they have cleared: to , their four :, fences;.j-ears may elapse. Meanwhile, there is. all .the' material for : bush . fires to spread' inwards; towards cropland cot ; - for fires 'rarely ot' n'ever .start near the cot itself. In some'of the newly scttlod • districts in >»cw South Wales,, this dangers' of bush fires has been the. means of bring- • ihg farmers together to form mutual aid and protective co-operative associations.; Neighbouring.farmers set aside one. day a week on which to work along 'their/ ; boundary fences, clearing "each- side . for a' .space of 25 feet. This gives a. complete break of 50 feet, in the middle of which - the fence, 'in. which both are mutually in terested, is practically safe from, destmc lion. With a 50 feet break, all round a farm, even'should a bush fire break out on the uncleared land, the damage should be-cShfined .simply to the destruction oB valuable . " timber, - while,- Perhaps, that « miglifc be covered -by the . clearing efiected > . :'by'"the-fire, and'by 'the'fertilising valuo^ / of the potash; formed oy the ashes. In-' deed, fire is a. -wonderful cleanser and fer- - tiliser, especially of hew land; hut it is / too-dangerous a servant to. he let loose, ' because it is so .likely to, become master. ^ However, as above pointed out, the.threo great considerations arc to. protect fences, crops, and cottage. If those, arc, safe, tho - . fires, may do their worst' on scrub and ' undergrowth. Of course, aiways. arfu.i*- i* ■ the remote danger that' ripening \crops;; may he set ' afire by 'iigHtning or by,., carelessness, and provision against, that,, always' should be at hand. Wise farmers,,: always, during the- tropical r..da)s or, summer, have ^ at hand a lull tank'on a dray, which may be .hurried to any neces sary spot where fire is attacking, the', crop,>br mayhap the house. Also, . they,; have fire threshers, made of stout sticks with wide strips of coarse-bagging firmly, • attached to one.end/' Andvthese thresliers-. are always kept soaked in water,-so that; they are ready -for immediate use.. These are some .oi the precautions adopted by, the New South Wales farmers as aboVc mentioned, arid they should be .adopted;, on -the same • co-operative principle by our ■ farmers.\Forewarned is forearmed ; ami a-, stitch in time saves ninety and nine. 