COURSING. By "'SPRINGER." The charge lor advertising Stud Greyhounds m "Punch" 1b £3 per inch per quarter. The rate for advertising- CourRint? Meetings, Sales of Greyhounds, etc., is 5/ per inch per insertion. Advertisements of Sales o? Dogs are only .in-. serted when payment is forwarded with the advertisement. Tuesday in each week is the last day For receiving Advertisements to be inserted on Coursing pages. KENNEL RAMBLES. Trainers of greyhounds, like agriculturalists, are very much perturbed just now at the attitude "of tlio Clerk of the Weather in so persistently with holding the much-needed rain. The position at the preset;t juncture is really serious. Here we are. wit!, t he first coursing meetings of the season al ready overdue, and, unless the long looked-for downpour comes, postponements and worse—aban don^cnt—of fixtures will be inevitable ; and that means throwing everything out of gear, from a courser's point of view. The rain that w'e had som,: three weeks ago was by no means as general as mtiv have, been supposed, and in sone parts of the Western District there has been no watery visitation for quite three months. From my own o.vprricice, I can only speak for the metropolitan area, or within a short radius of it ; but wherever I have gond it has been the same old 'story—the gro'iid was as hard as adamantine. On Monday evening, as I sit writing, rain is falling merrily, which r.iay—or may not—mean the beginning of the coursing season. This is just about the time of year that the various kennels thould lie worth a visit, but T have been deferring my annual inspection of train ing establishments in the hope that we should haM: hiif] rain ere now, and every trainer I have cmue Across has had the same tale to tell : "Car't do anything with my dogs." Time and tide, how ever. wait for no man-, and if I was to have a look .".round training quarters before active operations for the season started, I thought it was time to bestir myself With that end in view, I made mv v.ny out to Maurice Kelly's snug kennels beyond Preston on Monday afternoon, when T found the stahv;:rt Taiuer and his assistant hard at work with a big string of longtails. Maurice Kelly is 110 exception to those whose lamentations are sin cere about the want of rain. He informed me that on Saturday they had the pleasant experience out Preston wav of about three hours' stendv rain. It barely sufflpud to soften the surface oi the hf.rd ground, however. And at the time of my visit the sun was shining brightly, the sky • was innocent of cloud, and there seemed no immediate prospect of rain. Maurice had ventured to give some oi his eharges a hand-slip after the shower, but the results plain ly pointed to the danger of letting dogs off their l°:i<ls. Not that any of the dogs were hurt in the slightest : but the going was not soft enough, and a trr.iner would not be justified in taking risks with greyhounds under the circumstances. Mv mission was to inspect the dogs, and they were l(ifl out into the open, that they might be seen to the best advantage. The stud greyhounds. East <rn Star, Good Odds and Burgundy, were the first to conie under notice, and I can say at once that it would be a hard matter to improve on this trio. Thoy arc all in the very bloom of health and condition; but most of my admiration con centrated on Eastern Star, who has furnished into a magnificent specimen of the thoroughbred grey hound. I should say he is a perfect type, for, look him over as lone: as vou like, vou can't fault him. He stood, as I gazed upon him, just 72ib. in weight, and, although a hie dog. he is beauti fully proportioned. There is no lumber, no super fluous flesh about him. His jet black coat shone like satin, his eye was bright and clear, his feet showed no sigSS of having been knocked about, whilst his game looking head and beauti fully arched neck, let into nice, sloping shoul ders. make him as handsome a dog as one could wish to see. Eastern Star is a very finely-quar tered dog. too—altogether the beau ideal of a stud greyhound—and it is no matter lor wonder that he should b^get stock of the calibre of Astrokan. No faulr. could be found with Good Od:ls as far as appearances went, and, as he was a clinking good performer and as well bred as anything in the land, he should be a successful, sire. Burgundy is, of co'u t'e, an untried sire ; but here again is a well bred dog—on very different lines to either of his confreres, certainly—who was also a performer of merit. Mr. Kelly next led out a brace of almost wholly black puppies—one of each sex—by Eastern Star from Miss Peggy, a full sister to Miss Veronica. These were bred by their owner, Mr. Gerald Buck ley. and tbey have been reared, by their trainer. Needless to say, they bear the hall-mark of the care and attention of the master-hand in bringing them to maturity. The doff puppy I liked very much, for he is a most ; symmetrical youngster, while she of the feminine' gender, if on the small Hide, is an elegant voung lady, and looks like going fast. Another brother and sister of the same litter were nexT interviewed. They, too, are nearly all black in colour, and are a taking pair, the bitch in this case being my choice : and I can well imagine that she can shift herseli a bit, for her trainer says she is a lovely mover. The dog is of a more massive type than his litter brother, and I daresay by the time ho furnishes thoroughly this fellow will take more' after his sire. There is no gainsaying the fact that these are a choice lot of pu;>pii!S, and though their training has been so greatly retarded owing to the long continued spell of dry weather, they arc forward enough in con dition /or a trial. Miss Peggy, their dam, and filythesome (Senator—Vida Goldsmith) were next seen. The latter has not yet been called upon for stud duties, but such a fine, slashing bitch should make a good matron. Mr. J. F. Guthrie's imported bk w dog by Den draspis from Final Flicker had that morning met with a minor accident .at exercise. He cot on to a rabbit, and whilst running struck his knee and lamed himself slightly ; but his trainer quickly au plied the liniment to the injured limb, and in a day or so' the dog should be none the worse for the. mishap.' A wholly blue dog by Loaded Dice (I omitted to jot down the name of his dam) is a raking looking sort that ought to gallop, and he looked to me to be particularly well forward, considering the season. Miss Audrey Chirr.side has a trio of bitches sheltered in- Maurice Kelly's ken nel. and of .these Audrey's Choice, a bk w daughter of Sam Slick from Queer Thought, would probably be regarded by most judges as "the rose of the wreath " She is a nice, stylish bitch of good pro portions, and is a vastly improved greyhound since she tool-, up her residence in the salubrious climate of Freston. The other bitches, a red by The Han) from Lady Preston and a bk w by Eastern' Star from .imported Inch Moan, are both nicely- grown youngsters, but they are ' a bad age—March and April respectively. The imported dark brindled bitch, Maggie Fendy, who fought so gamely in her spin with Gold Thought in the last four of the Commonwealth Stakes at Larra last season, was looking a Perfect picture. She is a very muscular bitch, an.d, was as lively as a kitten with a ball of worsted. A. very light fawn and white dog—almost white, in lact—by Rathdruni from Lonely Star by The Her mit—Southern Star, and a jet black sister wire the next to engage attention. Thev arc owned bv Mr. A. E. Short, of Sydney, and their breeding is sill right. Thj dog's colour is, perhaps, against him, but there '"s no mistaking the •.'haracteristics of Rathdrum - about the bitch, who is a distinctly good one to follow. The second-season dog, Ead rag by Eastern St;ir from Good Lass, had onlv joined the string within the last two days. This wad -,he youngster that broke his pastern joint in the V.O.C De.-by at Geelong last year. He had been very highly t led, and it was cruel luck that this accident prevented him fioiu going further in the stake, for up to that time he was going great •runs. Ho is now a fine, big, raking dog. a bit on the jolly side, ami is to be prepared for the Water loo Cup. Tlie injured joint has set splendidly, and as far as appearances go it is as good as c-ver. . Eastern Sea, who won three stakes right ofl the reel last season, is a . beautifully-moulded dog oi about U71b. running weight. He is very racing like, with everything to recommend him, so to speak, and was in splendid spirits. Melton Park 'red and white). Bethelum (black and white) and Hopeful Star (black and white) are three full bro thers to Eastern Sea, their dam, Rei>ose, being by Senator from the well-known Sally Booth, a daughter oi that famous Major Boota—Trust Me alliance. These three are line, big, strapping grey hounds, and have all won courses, Hopeful Star having divided a stake at Melton and run into the last four of a "thirty-two" at Bendigo last sea son. They were not coursed much, as they were rather overgrown puppies, but iiow tney are ready for action, and they look well. They could be purchased at a reasonable figure, for Maurice Kelly wants the kennel space for clients' grey hounds. A really nice looking puppy next came into view. This was a black and white dog by Eastern Star from Florrie by First Act—Don't Forget. He is on the big side at present, «nd is not' nearly furnished ; but when he is, he should be; a clinker. A pair of black dog puppies by Eastern Star from Miss Veronica aie a typical sample of real plumptcnian greyhounds. With plei ty of size, and of good conformation, they should go up to their game with great dash : but they want tim'j, of course. When they are ready to go to slips, I shall look out for these t.wy handsome youngsters. I. find I am overstepping the limits of space, so, with just. a. passing reference to the brood bitches. Good Lass and Florrie, and the second-season dog. Sape and Onions, a son of the last-named, who is one of the useful sort, I pass on to say a word about the quo.rantine quarters oi the establishment. This confined portion is situated in the centre of a large paddock, away- from the kennels, and here the dog "in durance vhe" for the restricted quar antine period, can enjoy plenty of freedom. In conclusion, there is an ait of wholesome health about- Maurice Kelly's establishment, the dogs are most comfortably benched in nice, aisy kennels, cleanliness is everywhere noticeablc—in fact, I did not see even a stray straw about the place. That the d<'gs fare well was testified to by the supply of bullocks' heads I espieu av I was leaving. A stroll through the garden, whence I brought awav a large bunch of very fine dahlias, and I hastened baok to the city, well pleased with the pleasant couple of hours spont with the longtails under Maurice Kelly's care. Attention is drawn • to the announcement of the Melton President's Stakes, to be run on 6th May. Nominations are due on Saturday week. PuppL^nr? /iff? the C9mfidy King-Dusky Damsel jjuppug since they were six weeks old. I ran uu to a ihe fU°\ Sa^rday Jast for * hurried look at the fiv., beauties which Mr- Tom Morean is roaring ior me. Without doubt, they are Zm pions the finest puppies I have ever seen—but since ay so" Ju^t011^ M°r^y's Of eourse I mustn t E3.y 80. JUSt W8.lt, you dotr iru»?» till *r. it i«ectththT !'l f"0Ursfclves- 1 llad an invitation to ifto^ -vyneton coursers at "Hardman's" in the afternoon and pay a visit of inspection to the new S™,S° wf' Mor>ra,n ?Bd 1 -sot °'n {°r our s>* m le. drive. When we had pot half-way, however my companion remembered that a hare-drive' at Barfold had been advertised for the aflernoon wrn®t Dhl USe .goi,ne,to Kyneton," said he; "thero ™+ i a S,I1S sport left in the town." So f^ri la road- at, r^ht-angles. and mad-- for Bar I l ' , ,Jpon arrival at the old Mitchell homestead mnS h ae.rce W1 Mr- Morgan's remark, for there must have been quite 150 "sports," of both sexes ased in catching puss. And how tht>y tramped nHufr thl.stle paddocks"—men. women and hildren all too intent upon their business to heed the angry spikes of the "Scotchmen.'' "Everybody" was there, so it would be useless Qur-f ^mPt 1° n'd™.them al! : but I had thn plea sure oi a chat with the president, Mr. W. Hodcr S»rt' A v,( !y- ^ood fe.Uow- and a worker and sup imnll!1 interest in the club has never flagged. Amongst those whose efforts to bag hares brought a ,y "?rder iny notice were Messrs. Gun Iher, A. i isher, Vic. James, George Roden, W Ait ken, Jas. Spam, and Secretary J. J. Heffernan H°irdmnn0» -d ibeen l01'K on the ground Mrs." nrni^t ,f tih)Ve t»tC '■tr.sonallir supervise the .lis Pining of the afternoons refreshments, which, as usual sho provided on a lavish scale. Few dubs can claim such a Patron. Mrs. Hardman also brought worn that she had left behind her at the i i ot,el tw° very angry committeemen, who had been deputed to meet •'Springer" on his ,,and,TCOi?duct, him over the enclosure, as arranged. My humblest apologies ave therefore due and Hereby tendered to those faithful two who missed their own afternoon's sport by waiting to entertain a guest who never arrived. 1 d°n,t wonder that the Kyneton hare-drives are so popular, for 1 do not remember a more enjoy able afternoon than that spent at Barfold. Uufor uiinatdy. the drive was conducted on ground which .had been beaten only a week previously, and although over thirty hares were secured on the first occasion, only nine found their way to the nets last week. But that did not matter. There » ,?'?£ y a ?ood EUPP!y oi fur on the enclosure, and after such a thoroughly enjoyable outing the smiles home-goers were wreathed in happy qnrfnni,Vi!inSf ™hiChA marre.d my Pleasure was the nnlm' f , James, one of the club's committeemen and its first president. Twelve mc-i.ths ago Mr. James was overtaken bv an afflic tion oi the eyes, and I regret exceedingly, to learn tb.it, notwithstanding the best medical skill, the trouble has gone on until he is practically—if not coinpletely-blind But although stricken by this cruel fate. Mr. James is still an enthusiastic and active courser. Not only has he a string of grey hounds in training, but there lie was. beating up i!f+7's .+a (1^"owinf proceedings with the keenest interest. He won t stay at home while there is coursiug to be done," said Mrs. James, who held 1 ''-"sbands arm and kept him posted in all that was going on. 'Once a courser, always a courser." However, the surgeons are hopeful that by another operation they may restore to our tood friend the sight oi one eye, and in the universal hope that I'Jcn may be the case I join most sincerely. ♦ M JeIls me that nominations for both ilni;u\\(?ry ^nd 0aks ^ting and the Aus tralian Waterloo Cup are coming in freely, and there is every indication that N.S.W. will be strongly represented in the big national event, uut of respect to the memory of the late Mr. Fred iiodges, whose loss will be felt for many years to come, the committee have changed the name of their July fixture from the Victoria Stakes to the -•:m, iiodges Stakes," and will perpetuate in this way the name of one who, during his whole life time. was a true friend of coursing and a generous supporter of all Geelong sports. The enclosure is Jjst about ready for use again. The sewerage channel has caused a lot of trouble, but the pipes are all laid, and the filling in and cleaning up have now been completed. The local committee met on the ground on Thursday last to see that everything was in order. The hares seem a very strong lot—in fact, the committee consider them tl e oest they have -ever had—and they are being schooled regularly. There is a good supply on v \ and they are receiving every attention from . • tje0- -Loner, who has charge of them. Locally interest in the sport is very keen, the numerous kennels being well filled, and every advantage is being tiken of the occasional showers to give docs a trial. "First catch your hare," was the advicc of an o.d-time cookery-book, when explaining how to pre pare puss for the dinner table. Hares are easv enough to catch with a good big charge of No. 3; but when you want them for the coursing enclo sure they are most elusive creatures.. We have heard a lot lately about the joys—and sor rows—of clubs making their first hare-drives ; of the beauties that were caught—until they got away again and the "whoppers" that couldn't be caught at any, price. Such clubs have their remedy in i<i'iioclt,6 Patent Net, an appliance of proved effi cacy. At Corowa, where is situated one of the nnest coursing enclosures in Australia, these nets have been used practically ever since the formation tj h i xt ' indecd' I remember rightly, the iiu.Uock iset was designed specially to catch hares or the (,orowa enclosure. The trouble here was tnat, whilst hares were extremely strong, thev were none too numerous, so it did not pay to catch one and let two escape. Hence this device for securing all three. And some "hard doers" *n the Wlles of tho Bullock Net. Even old Fantail," the hero of so many unturned trials and the holder of innumerable high-jumping cer tificates, met more than his match when beset by Bullock., That is how so veritable a warrior came to be inside an enclosure at all. It has been proved by the experience of the Yarrawonga Club that coursers in whose districts hares abound may make a small fortune by procuring game for those less happily placed. Mr. J. P. Galbraith, secre tary of the Corowa CI tab, who-is representing this invaluable appliance, will supply full information and testimonials on application. He won't guar antee tnat the Bullock Net will yard a dead horse's foot, as one hare-driver tried to do recently ; but ho does claim that it will hold any hare that can be ariveu. Owing to the hardness of the ground, the Kyne ton Olub has decided to abandon its first meeting which was set down for 29 th April, "I read somewhere recently of a hunter of big game who spent many days trying to catch a lion \+ ^ fr.r'27; y bear or sorne such beast. When he did ca.s-h it he had to "holler" for assistance to let it go again. Mr. A. Glasson, of Bacchus March. nas just had an experience in similar vein. Last week tic advertised in "Punch" that he would like to be relieved of a Lion Heart—Ada Scott puppv at 5 gns. I On Tuesday he 'phoned me that about half the people in the State were offering to do so, whereas lie had only one dog to sell. Mr. blasson has been literally besieged with applica tions for this young aristocrat, which was secured by Lion Heart s owner, Mr. Dan Hickey, of Dar num. Knowing the value of the blood. Mr. Hickev did not wait for> tho mailbag, but wired straight away. Mr. D. Edwards, of Cressy, advertises for sale a brace o'f puppies by Bold Orwell from Wild Eve. This bitch run-up to Coronation Girl in the last ' Oaks run at Moonee Valley. She was only sixteen months old at the time, and, being a very big bitch, was at a disadvantage against the July puppy. Wild Eve also divided a 24-dog stake at Cressy last year, after rearing a litter of .puppies. She is 60ib. running weight. The two puppies, I am advised, are looking well, have never seen a hare, and are ready to go into training right away. Having no time to train them, and being unablo to attend meetings on any day but Saturday, Mr. Edwards is prepared to accept any reasonable offer • for these dogs, failing which he will lease them. Mr. Geo. Rickard, hen. sec. of the Swan Hill Club, writes me: "A few lines to let you know how things are up this way in the coursing line. We are having a bad time as far as training our dogs is concerned, the ground being very hard. We want the rain badly, but are looking forward to a good coursing season as soon as the rain does come. At present wo are busy making improve ments to our plumpton. We have sown down four acres of lucerne, clover and rape, besides three acres of wheat and barley, so hares will have good feed and cover in the home paddock. Through the kindness of Messrs. Z. Burton and Sons, who have a private pumping plant with a channel running alongside the coursing enclosure, we nre allowed to take "water whenever we want it. Thus we arc .sure of havimr feed all the year round. We have been catching hares for a month or five weeks now, and have a total of 66 fine specimens—fifty of thein locally-bred hares. A good muster turns out to the hare-catching, and we have now got the art of netting hares to perfection, having had three years' experience of it. "A party of eight of us caught the train at "" 4.GO a.m. on Co:>d Friday for Macorna, fifty miles, away, where we were met by Mr. B. M'Knight, our ; judg<\--. who drove us out with a three-in-hand team to his fari-.i Here he had a party of friends neighbouring farmers—mounted to beat the paddocks for us. ■ We finished up with sixteen beauties, al though we had to leave in time to drive six miles to t atch the train at 4 o'clock for home, where we arrived at 9 o'clock, after having spent a good dav and met a fine lot of sports at Macorna. We ' ha^ a gran.i lot of dogs around Swan Hill this season, and the owners are taking a keen interest in them and the plumpton. Wc are looking for ward to a visit from you to some of our meet ings this season. Of course we know vou ctuinot get to all the different coursing meetings : but wc are su"re that if you made the trip to Swan Hill on/'C and saw some of our hares getting up the plumpton, you would always come again. We are having our opening meeting on Cth and 7th May. For both stakes noms. are coming along freely, and if we only get the rain everything will be lovolv—well schooled hares, good running, and well filltd stakes." In his secretarial report to the annual meeting of the South Gippsland Club last week, Mr. Fred. C. Girano made special reference to the work done by "Punch" in the interests of coursing, for' which, ho- said, the proprietors were entitled to the best thanks of all ; followers of the sport. This state ment was applauded by the large gathering. . Of corrse I am delighted with such an expression of opinion. I am glad to be ablo to add that the proprietors of "Punch" intend to give coursing the same prominence in their columns as they have done in the past, and to continue to do: all in their power to improve and popularise the Sport of the Leash. It is most gratifying to them, therefore, to find their eflorts so highly appreci ated. Secretary W. A. Whitehead has sent me the amended list of fixtures for the Stawell Centre, revised to date, and necessary alterations have b'een made in the partial table published to-day. Lubeck (instead of Lako Bolac) lias taken the 13th for its May meeting, and will run on 20th June instead of 3rd. Murtoa will course on 20th ,May, 8th July and 2utli August, instead of the dates previ ously allotted for those months. Lillimur, a new comer in the list, has been granted 20th May, l'Tth June and 29th July. The meetings begun by Staweii on 8th June, 22nd July, 32th August and 9th September will each extend to two days. Lake Bolac's Junu fixture has been altered tothe 10th, and an additional meeting arranged for 5th and 6th August. Nhill runs on 8th and 29th July, and lTopftoun has also a meeting arranged fo- the 8th of ihat month. The Sheep Hills Champion is fixed for 28th and 29th July, whilst Eurambecn . will hold a two-days' meeting either on 28th and -29tli or '29tli and 30tli. Dimboola's final date is 5th September. ' . . < . ' An incident at the Cobden Picnic Races was very ■mirth-provoking—to the onlookers (says the "Cam perdown Chronicle"). 'One of the; many visitors carried in' a- parcel in a coat-pocket a luncheon of delicacies. The outer covering of the package was a- serviette, a corner :of :which was protruding from the man's pocket. A' voracious greyhound scented the meal. While the owner of the lunch was stand ing in the crowd th'e dog snapped hold of the cor ner of the -serviette, and sharply- nulled the parcel from the coat-pocket of- its owner. The package : foil to the ground, and the dog, with-his snout and 'a' paw, tore off the covering' and ciuickly devoured the contents. The crowd laughed heartily' at the loser's discomfiture. The man's thoughts arc not ./known, • and- perhaps, if they were, -they could hardly be expressed in ordinary type. Despite the ' dry - weather, :the Stawell Club is making all preparations forthe opening of its new enclosure c-n; the: Stawell Racecourse on 20th May. JVTr.. G; Fravnc, who- was- mainly responsible for the erection of the plumpton, ,is lcavintr no stone, unturned to make it a success, and every week has taken two motor car loads of members either to Marn'oo or to Banyen'a (40 miles) to hold hare drives. In this he lias been well brTcked uu by ' the enthusiastic Mr. S. Liirkan and other grafters, whilst the district residents have also taken a keen interest in helping,' Mr. Alan Wetten hall. of Marnoo, acting as marshal and bringing three horses along with: him, whilst Mr. Jas. Cto mie, of Rupanyup, has always been there with a couple of steeds, both these gentlemen rendering yeoman service. About a hundred hares are now' in the enclosure, and cver-v effort is to be made to bring this up to two hundred before the season opens. Schooling has been commenced, and al ready puss is finding her way home without diffi culty. Entries are coming in freely for the first' meet., and jioininationis have also been bespoken for later dates. • The hare drive held by ICilmorc. Club at the Valleyfield Pluropton on Saturday wc:k proved' righiy successful. There was a large/.number'of heaters, including some thirty -boys fronr Assump tion College, and it is superfluous to say that the latter band displayed keen interest in theproceedings. Altogether,. twenty-four hares were- driven into the plv.n'pton paddock Mr. F. G. Walider, the club's president, met with a slight -accident;, owing.to the wheel nf his .iinker coming into contact, with '. a,' boulder, throwing him- out aii.d "inflicting:, some minor bruises. The Euroa' Coursing Club' has; received-from the Taylor Ferguson Co. a handsome silver and oak • liqueur stand, to be competed for during the sea son under th-j name of the Bulloch'Lade Trophy. Mr. J. R: Hutchinson, of Narracoorte, has' been appointed judge for the season by the Dimboola Club. At the annual meeting of the Hamilton Club much satisfaction was expressed at the result of the combined stake run last sason by tne Hamilton and Penshurst Clubs under the title, of the Western District Championship. It was unanimously agreed that steps be taken to conduct a similar event during 1914. I would again draw attention to Mr. F. B. M'Gonigal's announcement of the Shepparton Club's opening meeting on 13th May. Three stakes are listed—puppies, class and all-ages—entries for all of whieb close on Tuesday, 12th May. The enclo sure is said to be in beautiful order. Amongst the many Australian ladies who have embraced the Sport of the Leash is Mrs. H. A. Barne.-;, of Berrigan, N.S.W., whose efforts have been attended by no small measure of success. As shown in the accompanying photograph, Mrs. Barnes is holdirg St. Leon's Image (St. Leon— Leda) and Silver -Stripe (Bungaribbie—Lady Phil lipina), the brace with which she divided the Cham pion Cup at Toeumwal last July, which piece of plate is also shown. Silver Stripe won a supple mentary stake at' Berrigan ; divided the fiist stake at Finie.y, June, 1913 ; won Fin'ley Cup, July, 1913; an-1 ran-up in ths August Stake at Toeum wal. 1.913, to Merry. Connie. St. Leon's Imatre divided the P.enalla Derby divided. Tocumwal Cun with Silver Stripe : divided Finley Bracelet : and won the "Berrigan Bracelet—a good performance for one season. The annual meeting of the; South Gippsland .Coursing Club was held at Yarram last week,: Mr. Henderson 1 presiding over a gathering of about thirty enthusiasts. -The balance-sheet presented bv Mr. Fred.* C. Grano, the secretary, showed receipts to the. amount of £90/12/9, made up as follows: j Balam-e from 1912, £5/0/3 ; members' subscrip- j t.ions, '>1 at. 5/, £ I."/'"»/: donations, £1/1/; • the i balance heing derived from nomir,itions and twivp | money.' Th'i. expenditure was £.80/5/(1, of wine,'". ,£62/17/15 was disbursed in prize-money' and the balance. In.% working- expenses, advertising, ctc., leavinjr £10/7/3 in hand. In moving the adoption of the report, (the salient portions of which were published in "Punch" at the close of last season), Mr. Sauer expressed re gret at the unavoidable absence of the president. Mr. R. P. Nicol, and remarked that without his fine property the sport would not be nearly so good. Reference was also made to the capabilities of the hon. judge, Mr. A. E. Hodder, and the hon. secretary, Mr. Fred. C. Grano. Mr. Jas. Miller seconded the motion, which was carried unanimous ly. A letter was read from Mr. A. B. Hodder, thanking the club for the trophy in recognition of his services as hon. judge, which he very much ap preciated. He again offered his services, and hoped they would all meet once more at Scldan in 1914. . 'Che following officers were appointed : President, Mr. R. P. Nicol : vice-presidents. Messrs. A. Hen derson, Geo. Barry, G. P. Situer and Dr.' Rutter ; hon. secretary, Mr. Fred. C. Grano : committee, Messrs. Jas. Miller, A. Stephens, Geo. Davis. M. H. Whitford, A. E. Hodder, D. T. Jeffs, W. A. Cole, E. Ruby, A. R. Devonshire, Geo. Shaw (five to form, a quorum) ; stewards, Messrs. C. Morse. Jas. Rogers, Geo. Davis, A. Henderson. A. C. Bar low, 0. R. L. Stockwell : hon. judge, Mr. A. E. Hodder ; slipper (Mr. Geo. Davis offered to act in an honorary capacity, a permanent appointment being left to the committee) ; slip-steward, Mr. C. Morse; flag- stewards, Messrs. Geo. Collis, junr., and E. Ruby ; field-marshals, Messrs. A. R. Devon shire, H. Bland, E. Ruby, Geo. Shaw, W. A. Cole, R. P. Nicol ; treasurer, Mr. A. Henderson : audi tor, Mr. G. P. Sauer. Membership was fixed at 5/. Mr. Hodder said Mrs. Dwyer would give her usual £2/2/, and Messrs. Taylor, Ferguson and Co. had offered a trophy something good. Mr. Miller handed in six sub srriptions, unci it was intimated that Mrs. Arthur had offered iv donation of (0/(5. With :i view to running a puppy stake, the committee endeavoured to ascertain the number of eligible puppies in the district. It was stated that there were eight at, Albenoii and six or eight down the line. "This," observes the '"Gippsland Standard." "closed the business, and for fully half-an-hour • after the spori-s assembled talked 'dog.' The enthusiasm displayed iuiicates a very successful season." • At the opening meeting of the Armidale Club on Monday week the Novice Stakes was won bv Mr. Doyle's bk d Will o' the Wisp by Grand Slam Lady Stalwart, the runner-up beiiv? Mr. Walker's bk b Little Lil by Laplander—Stringer. Messrs. T. and C. Grantham divided the Easter Stakes with their f w b Bush Lass and their f w b Bro mide, both by Bushfire from Cresoline. There was a division in the Class Stakes between Mr. Wal lace's r w d Fair Features by Lion'' Heart—Fine Feathers and Mr. Miller's r d Lillian's Hope by Lion Heart—Lady Bab. The Orange Club opened on 13th' inst. with the Easter Stakes for eight pupp.ies at £1/1/ and the Maiden Stakes for eight, all-ages at a like amount. The former event was divided by Mr. J. Swain's f d Locket Chain (Lucky Captain—Pendant) and Mr Reg. Smith's bk w d Greniell:Pride (Snowproof —Queen Jess). Mr. Smith was also successful in the all-aged stake., which he won. .with Maccdas (Snowproof—Queen Jess). ■, .The•.... ruancr-up was Messrs. Astill Bros.' Captain Advance. by Staff Captain—I.adylike. 