THE HEAT WAVE. RECORD FOR OCTOBER 100.2deg. IN THE CITY. ANOTHER RAINLESS CHANGE. The intense heat wave which marked the closing days of last week reached its climax on Saturday, when the thermometer at the Weather Bureau recorded a maximum tem- perature of 98.4deg. at 3 o'clock. As is usually the case, the recording instrument at Gaunt's city observatory registered a slightly higher temperature, 100.2deg. being recorded during the afternoon as the maxi- mum reading. The sunset glow of Friday evening pre- saged a hot day for Saturday, and there was comparatively little relief throughout Fri- day night from the oppressive conditions of the day. Thousands of people rushed off to the seaside or sought the breathing spaces of the open parks during Friday evening, only seeking their homes when necessity, in the shape of the last train or tram, com- pelled retreat. At an early hour on Satur- day morning the temperature commenced to soar to what constituted for Melbourne a record for the month of October. By 9 o'clock the instrument at the bureau was showing 86.9deg., and at 10 o'clock the mer- cury had passed the 90deg. mark. The hot northerly wind which came in at daybreak gradually increased in strength, and, raising clouds of dust, made conditions the reverse of pleasant. October, 1914, has established itself as a month of extremes in weather records. The first week of the month furnished a succes- sion of temperatures of over 80deg. Then came the mid-month with a "cold reading" which was a record for Melbourne for some- thing like 40 years. For a temperature of 98.4deg. in October there is no Melbourne precedent. The following shade readings were re- corded at the Meteorological Bureau during Saturday: Deg. Deg. 9 am. 86.9 12.15 p.m. 96.4 9.30 a.m. . 87.7 1 p.m. 97.2 10 am . . . .89.0 2 p.m. . 98.4 10.30 am. 91.1 3 p.m. . 98.4 11 am . . . . 96.0 4 p.m. . . 97.1 11.30 am . . 95.0 5 p.m. . . 95.3 12 o'clock. . 96.0 The readings at Gaunt's were as fol- lows:— Time. Sun. Shade. 9.30 . . . 134 . . . 88 10 . . . . 137 . . . 90 _ 150 HO ISO .. P-m.. " Welcome relief came in the form of a change to a cool southerly breeze during Saturday night. As the forecast had in- dicated, the change was gradual, and though the shade temperature at 9 o'clock yesterday morning was only 67deg., or 20deg. lower than that at the same hour on Saturday, the conditions were still fairly oppressive, and at 11 o'clock on Sunday the temperature had again risen to 71deg. Later in the day the influence of the southerly began to be felt, and by 3 o'clock the temperature had fallen to 65deg., or 33deg. less than at the corresponding hour on Saturday. The disappointing feature of the cool change was, of course, the absence of rain. The weather officials had indicated that the most that the public could hope for were isolated showers, with thunder in some districts, and up to a late hour last night the officials had no information which warranted a more hopeful note. However, it was officially stated that lack of the usual data over Sunday precluded a com- plete statement of barometrical conditions to the westward, and it is possible that to-day may bring more welcome news. OUTBREAKS OF FIRE. CALLS CONSTITUTE RECORD. Mr H.B.Lee, the chief officer of the metropolitan fire brigade, last night stated that Saturday constituted a record in the history of the brigade. There were no fewer than 27 calls, and of the number 18 were fires in which the brigade had to fight the flames. Outbreaks amongst grass, scrub, and in houses occurred practically in every suburb, but the work of the brigade prevented serious damage in each in- stance. Shortly before 8 o'clock on Saturday night a fire broke out in the rear of a building at No. 417 Swanston street, occu- pied by Mr. J. W. Penman, art furniture salesman. The brigade succeeded in con- fining the flames to the rear rooms, which, with their contents, were severely damaged. The stock was insured for £350 in the Vic- toria Insurance Company. It is not known how the fire originated. At half-past 11 o'clock on Saturday night the brigade received a call from the Tivoli Open-air Theatre, South Melbourne. An outbreak of fire occurred in the operating room caused by the fusing of electric wires. The contents of that chamber were de- stroyed, and a side wall of the theatre was damaged by the flames. BUSH-FIRES. MT. SASSAFRAS SWEPT. BLAZING COACH. SASSAFRAS, Sunday.-One of the most disastrous bush fires ever known in this district occurred yesterday. Six dwellings were destroyed and other damage was done. For several days fires were prevalent be- tween what is known as the basin at Bays- water, sweeping both sides of the Olinda road, and the valley towards Briginshaw's. An easterly wind on Friday checked the flames and confined them to an area in the vicinity of Mr. James Griffiths's property, and all danger appeared to be over. How- ever, at dawn on Saturday came the first puffs of the north wind, which soon raged with terrific fury. Smouldering fires were fanned into flame, which soon enveloped the mount, and by midday a sheet of flame half a mile wide was threatening Braco Park, owned by the Misses Murdoch. To all appearances Braco Park was doomed. A stack of wood piled close to the house caught fire, and, blazing furiously, threatened the house. A small gang of fire-fighters, led by Messrs. L. Storrie, H. Tutt, and H. Little, got to work, and by taking the work in relays with buckets poured water on the walls. Others mean- while drenched the fighters. By a tremen- dous effort the house was saved, but a cot- tage near by, owned and occupied by an old resident named McCoppin, was de- stroyed. The old gentleman was rescued with difficulty. Meanwhile the fire, gather- ing pace before the strong northerly, spread in three directions, sweeping south- erly down the valley behind Dewrang, north-easterly towards the Mechanics', and easterly down the mount, threatening Lorna Doone. Mr. Plowman lost outbuildings and fenc- ing, and Mr. Abrahall outbuildings and a dray. An old landmark, "Ye Old Hut," owned by Mr. J.F.Dodd, was destroyed. The new cottage near by was saved single handed by Mr. L. Storrie, who also saved the garage, in which was stored a quantity of benzine. The flames then leapt the road and destroyed the residence of Mr. Frank Laube, who lost everything but one chair and a lamp. Much sympathy is felt for Mr. Laube and his wife, who have only been recently married. The flames had now, set their course through the properties of Messrs. Thomp- son, J. Breen, und Wynne. .Mr. Thomp- son lost 50 or more tons of stacked fire- wood. Mr. Breen lost a haystack, and just saved his cottage. Mrs. Wynne and family had gone to Melbourne for a holiday. Their home, Richmond House, was swept away in less than eight minutes. Mr. Veloe, who lives opposite, had been fight- ing for the safety of his own home. How- ever, seeing smoke arising from a shed at the rear of Wynne's dwelling, he made an effort to save the home single-handed, but the tanks were empty, and he was powerless to do any good. The sheet of flame was now of tremen- dous width, and the workers had to turn to save other properties. Councillor Earnie and Messrs. Withers, Tutt, and Garrett Russell formed a patrol along the crescent - the women playing an important part-and by cutting breaks and beating the flames undoubtedly saved Belle Vue, Ninyenook, and Fernheim. Mr. Harry Tutt set a fire around his brother's cottage to meet the advancing flames, and thus saved the building. Meanwhile the old dwelling and stable belonging to the estate of the late Mr Rankin were demolished. It was now Olinda's turn. The fire with a roar passed up the range destroying that old landmark ' Cuddle Doon ' owned by Mr Mills. The house of Mr. Cole of Egerton had a remarkable escape, being surrounded by flame day and night. The beautiful Sassafras Gully was swept on the one side, Sherbrooke on the other. Then the Mernda heights were traversed, and the fire de- scended to South Sassafras and back to- wards Belgrave. With the sunset came no relief. The hot northerly still blew, and the watchers dared not rest. The hills for miles around were ablaze. Trees hundreds of feet high were alight from top to bottom. One could easily read a newspaper in the valleys by the light from the burning trees. The most sensational happening was that in which Dodd's Olinda coach and three horses figured. The driver had to abandon his team, as they sank to the ground over- come by the smoke and heat. Soon after- wards the horses rallied and madly took the descent with the blazing coach behind them. They were rescued but the coach was consumed. The roads are now blocked with fallen timber. Hundreds of trees have fallen and this morning the countryside presents a dismal sight. How the people of Olinda, Sherbrooke and Ferny Creek have fared is not yet ascertainable as all the telephone lines are down. Mr Garrett Russell, of Nin- yenook, lost between 70 and 8O tons of fire- wood and much fencing. TOWNSHIPS THREATENED WALHALLA Saturday.- This afternoon a serious bush fire swept the cricket ground hill. The brigade turned out, but its ser- vices were not required, although the engine was kept in readiness for two hours at the points where it was considered there was most danger. Several parties did good work on the hillside in burning breaks, which were effective in checking the main body of fire. At times, with a strong north wind blowing it swept at an alarming pace through a thick tangle of timber and undergrowth covering the hill, in close proximity to the houses which line the street along the valley. A number of people took the precaution to remove the furni- ture from their houses, some being piled on carts ready for removal and some in heaps alone, the footpaths. The fire is sup- posed to have been started by boys on what is known as the old Cosmopolitan tram line. GORDON, Saturday -Last night and this morning three outbreaks of fires occurred within a quarter of a mile of the town ship. Two of the fires, fanned by a north westerly breeze, were driven through the bush parallel to the town destroying a quantity of useful timber and fencing. The third outbreak was in the direction of Mr Dorrington's homestead and the township. A number of willing workers fought de- terminedly, and succeeded in diverting the fire from its original course, into the bush where it is still burning. The flames are still being watched, and timber and fences guarded. BALLARAT Saturday -To-day was easily the worst day of the season. A strong wind carrying clouds of dust blow in the morning but eased off in the afternoon. The temperature reached 98. CAMPERDOWN Sunday - The thermometer re- gistered 98 at 10 o clock yesterday. Hot winds made the day very distressing. CASTERTON Sunday -yesterday was like one of the worst of midsummer days, the shade tem- perature being 99. Fierce hot winds were blow- DOOKIE Saturday -The weather han been warm during the past few days and to-day the tempera- ture reached 100 deg. A plague of flies is causing much annoyance. MYRTLEFORD Sunday -A very hot day was ex- perienced here yesterday, the temperature being 97. SYDNEY TEMPERATURES SYDNEY, Sunday - The weather has been very warm for the past two days throughout the State. At Sydney to-day a shade temperature of 92.9deg. was re- corded, while at Parramatta the reading was 98deg. 