THE B.S.'S LETTER BAG. Dear Boys and Girls, N Shall we think many thoughts this week about growing', things, especially trees and flowers ? I wish some of you would write me some thing1 of the trees you know most about, and the ' flowers you 'like best. Cannot you see God in every one? When you begin to think about them, - do you not wonder at His ' beautiful thought in making such loveliness. A good week to you all. BIG SISTER. Florrie Swanton, Peterborough.— Dear Sister /Faith,— This is the first time I have written to . you. Will you have me for a little sister? I am eig'ht years old, and in the fourth grade at school. I have five brothers and 110 sisters. . I am hav ing a holiday at the sea. I have found plenty of pretty shells., We catch fish and crayfish. I had such a lovely paddle in the sea. The . water .is. very warm' in the pools. It is so lovely to see the great waves roiling in on the shore. We have a motor car, and we came from Stuart Mill to Peterborough in one day, which is 170 miles. I like reading ' the letters in the 'Spectator', very . much. With love from your little sister. . (I am only too glad to have you for my little sister, Florrie dear ! You have written me a- beautiful little letter. How you- must- be en joying your holiday at the seaside. It is so very interesting looking for shells, don't you think ? Do you like making, sets of ' the,, ones^ -like fans and the scollops'? ' Do you, ever sit 'down with a shell to your, ear, and listen to the^story it .can tell you? I know folk.; who have heard such a lot of., stories, from shells, that they have been able to write/books about them. It is great fun catching ? fish; when you don't have to wait too long- for them to bite. Some fish have a way of jumping off just when you , think you are getting them safely to land. Do you fish from' a boat, and' do you ever get your, line tangled ;with someone else's. 1 Crayfish are rather crawly things in a boat, are they not? Paddling is the . game none of us get tired 'of at the -seaside, be we young or old, and to watch ? the great ..waves, rolling, ''rolling in and breaking up' into s'oftest bubbly ' foam, is indeed lovely. .What a grand motor spin you must have had. A motor is great to get along in when it behaves . itself , and does not play tricks; such . as breaking down miles from everywhere, and making you get out, and walk, or else wait hours for somebody to come' to your help, and coax it to go on again. I hope you will go back so , well and strong and fit to do such a lot of work, after your seaside holiday. My love to you, little Sister Florrie. Make those five brothers of yours take big care of you.— Sister Faith.) Elizabeth Dash, Strathbogie'. — Dear Sister Faith, — I was very pleased to see my last letter in the ' 'Spectator.' I am delighted to read all the lovely letters, and es pecially your answers. We have no Sundaiy school very near to us ; the distance is nearly four miles. I. sometimes go to church. It is very nice to go in the spring. We have haxl the 'Spectator' sent to us by a kind gentleman in Boort. . We only found it out a week , ago. There is some very nice reading in it. I have four sisters and six bro thers. 'Mv oldest sister is in Mel bourne, and oldest brother in Ke- - rang. I am going to school, still, and am in the eighth grade. There are . .about twen ty-two going to the Strathbogie . West school just at present. The, country around about is surrounded with bush-fires. There was ? one in our joining neighbour's 'farm. It nearly got in oul'; , paddock. My brothers were helping. It was burning furiously to-day. , To-day some very nice little books came in the 'Specta- tor.' How are all the . children: in the Home ? Please send me a col lecting- card, as I am willing- to try to help a little. I will draw to a close now. With best wishes for- all. (I am glad to have another letter from you, Elizabeth. . I'* am sending you the collecting card, you asked for, and thank you for your promise of . help. - -How terrible ' the bush fires are. I have seen a few, and :? know something of the meaning of having to, fight the flames for home, and life. I, have known, too, of the miracles wrought by the sudden change of wind, when at .the mo ment of extremity, when there seemed no possible chance of sav ing. homesteads,' God interposed. I .hope that very soon you -will be nearer . to ' Sunday school and church; and able to go every Sun day. What a happy, family you must be, so many boys and girls, getting, the best time they can one with another. The children in the Home are iSonjiy, thank you. My best wishes to 'you all at Strath bogie.^ — Big Sister.) - Lydia Jean Mathieson, Hamilton. — Dear Sister Faith, — Will you have me for a sister?. I am staying with Mrs. Edwards to help her. I go to Endeavour every Sunday morning.^ Miss T errill is our superintendent, ? and she tells us very nice stories.' They, had a' concert on the 25th February, and 'we had a nice time. The minister : told us that' there were 66. books in the Bible, 39 in the Old Testament and 27 in the New Testament, and . the way to remember them is to multiply the number of letters in the New Tes tament (3 and 9), and you have twenty-seven, and put the letters in . the Old Testament (3 and 9) to gether, and you have 39. Our min ister is down at Conference, and will be back soon. Our superin tendent, Mis s^T errill, of the Endea vour, is going away for ? a good holidajv and we are going to see how many new scholars we can have when she comes back. ; I go to the hospital every Sunday to see the sick . children. I have a nice little friend -for my mate ; her name is Netta Terrill. We go to the gardens on Saturdays. (So g'lad to have your , letter, Jean., Tlove the name of 'jean, and; do . not ' mind how many sisters I have called by- it. Jean, Jane, Janet — they' are all the same ; and what a lot of lovely, noble, sweet wo men, they have belonged to in his. tory and out of history. And ? they are being worn' by numbers ; of sweet little girls to- daj'-, who will maybe reach up to do as noble,- if not more noble, things than, any vet done by those whose, name sakes they are ! You are one, little Jean.' So you'll remember about al ways trying after high things; . will you - not ? What a very, .very won derful book , the Bible is ! It is a library' all in itself. The more we read it and learri it the more won derful we find it. ' How- lovely to take, sunshine to' the sick- folk. . Netta goes with you, I suppose.' Some girls forget to do the little kind things every day— and wait for big-- things to do ; they very often don't do. anything in the end. Some one told -me of a little girl once, who was always trying to pick the big, flowers in the garden' that grew too high for her, and trampled down the sweet little ' daisies, and heartsease, and mignonette, that grew about her feet, and so she got no flowers . at all. I think it's the same about us doing the every day little, sweet things first, until we find we are tall enough to do the great things.— Big Sister.) ' ? ?' / Dorothy Mitchell, Riddell.— Dear Big Sister,— It is a long time sinco I have written to the 'Spectator.' I have a little baby brother since J . wrote to the B.B. He is just, five months old this month. His name , is Alan. He is such a dear little, baby: He is just starting to pull', himself up in his tub. We went . down to the Exhibition one day- — about twenty of the school children and teachers altogether. We had a. real good time, and were very' tired when we got home. I see by the-' 'Spectator' they want some money . for- the play-room for the babies, so I am sending a' little. I will close with love to you. (Dorothy dear, how lovely to have such a sweet little new bro ther. How you must be loving him all the time, and watching him waking up to know things. Do you look into his. eyes and see the wise thoughts he is thinking, and the big questions he is wanting to ask ? Let 'him learn all the beauti ful things first, Dorothy, and hear - all the loving, words you can say. How strong- and clever he must be : to be able to pull himself up al ready. I hope none of. tlie chairs will topple backward and be giving him knocks. Was not the. Exhi bition a great and interesting thing: ? to see. ? ' It- was* good to learn what fine things- our .boys and girls are doing. / Thank you for the stamps you sent for the play-room. I do so hope we shall' be. able to give a big . gift to the Home for it. When we have little babies in our homes it makes us want to make those other babies happy who have no folk of their own to love them.— Big Sister;) Eric Tompkins, Geelong- West. — Dear Sister Faith,— This is the second time I have written to you. I will, be eight years old on July 6th. I am in the se.cond class at school.' Last year I never missed one day from school', but I was sick this year. -I am writing this' letter all by myself. . Sister Bessie was preaching to-day, and she is going; to address the Sunday school this afternoon, but I cannot go to hear her, because I was sick all the week, and the doctor said that I had to stay .'home 'from -school all ; this week. I must close now, with love to all the little children, not forgetting yourself. ? (How well you have got on with your ' writing, Eric., I can scarcely believe you have written such a fine; letter all by yourself. Seems to me you'll' be a great man one of thes«» ; ' days. Won't I be proud by and by, if I livelong enough, to be point ing out all the grand women and men w-ho are my. sisters, and bro , thers, my knights and ladies ! Oh.' the world is. waiting with a big place for each one of you to fill. I am sure you had a lovely time with' Sister Bessie. She always gives folks a big- treat, and when she goes away, everyone feels the bet ter for her _ having come amongst them. Just you say gQod-bye to being- sick. Boys have no time or use for i.t, have they? If you get friends with aches and pains, they always come along to stop fun, and keep you from doing things. Boys can do a lot to keep them selves well. There is no sense in doing- fool' things just because other fellows do them, and if a boy listens to his mother a few times more than lie often does, lie finds she knows a thing or- two about keeping a fellow well. I know you are working to grow into a strong man, able for all the fun and work and g-ood things that come along. , — Big Sister.) Bo Gault, East Melbourne. — Dear Sister Faith,— Our sunflowers are finished — would you like any seed of them ? When I come home from school I put my books away, and go for a little, ride. Then I help ? mother, and ask for something to eat. We have poetry at school, and I like school very much. I do e, g, b, cl, f at home; and nearly every day I go a message for mo ther, before school goes in. Our Harvest Festival was very pretty. We had a lovely' lesson at Sunday school about a man giving a don key a drink on the Sabbath Day. We have a dear little cat, and one' rat eats tfie pollard. I have a tri cycle, and the wheel ? has gone wrong; it goes to one side. We put a rat-trap out, but it' hasn't caught any yet. Dear Sister Faith, 1^ have ended this. Your loving little friend. (I am so glad to hear from you again, Bo. I have been looking for -a letter for a long time, and was ^.afraid you ' had forgotten about writing. I should very much like some sunflower seeds, thank you, especially some of the big balls of gold, without any black hearts. What a big man you are growing now, going to. school and learning-, so much. You'll be able to write father's sermons for him soon. I know you' help mother all you can. Don't her, cookies taste good after school? Do you like bread and butter with sugar on it? I know someone who used to look for a big, slice when she came home from afternoon school,' and she has not tasted anything nicer since, al though she has been a g-rown- up woman a long time. I am glad .you liked the Harvest Festival ; you helped a lot at if, I have been told. It was a nice lesson about the thirsty donkey I am sure. I ex pect he was as hot as we often are on some Sundays, and a great deal hotter. That rat ? is real mean to eat your ? pollard ] away from the fowls. Rats are low-down things, anyhow, are they not ? Fancy that horrid plague, . one, getting on that nice big ship, scaring everybody, and keeping- them from landing when they wanted to. I hope your i tricycle is going the way it ought to go by this time, and. has learnt ser\se. Is it 'not funny how things as well as boys and girls and big folk, like going the wrong way. Please write again soon, and if v -u put plenty of good smelling toasted cheese on that trap, perhaps Mr. Rat will pay it a visit. You've writ ten me a beautiful letter, and -1 am sorry it is ended. — Big Sister.) 