WARRENBAYNE. On Sunday Ia9t, shortly after midday, » bush fire which had for some weeks been burning in the Government lands to tho south of Warrenbayne, was caught by a strong south wind aodctrried into tho pro perties of Messrs. Shaw and John Coish. Word was Immediately sent to the War renbayne Bushfire Brigade, and in a vary short time about 20 members were on the scene, working hard to subdue the fHmes, which, owing to the scarcity of water handy, was found to be a difficult job. So fiercely did the fire rage thnt at one time it was c»rried close to Mr. Shaw's homestead, and driving back the fire fighters. At last the wind abated some what, and taking advantage they got to work iu earnest and soon had tho fiio under. About 150 acres of Mr Shaw's grass was burned, *nd Mr. Coish had about 100 acres of it consumed. On Tuesday tho fire started from another part, about two miles from Sunday s fire, entering tho property of Mr. Harry Rouse. Tho fire brigade were again quickly on tho scena, and under tho leadership of Mr. Rouse, burned a trail a milo in length around tho front of tho lire, chocking it from pro ceeding farther in that direction, but not before 150 acro^ of Mr. Rouse's grass and a quantity of netted fencing had been do prroyed. Since thn fire started in tho hilla it has been diily spreading, and when caaght by tho heavy squalls spreads outward to the more valuable land. Very many thousands* --f pounds worth of valu able timber has been deal toyed, »nd unless rain falls eoou tho whole of tho timber country between here and Strathbogie will bo denuded of timber. The fire is at present raging on the holdings of Messrs. Koenan and Coroford. Harvesting is in full swing, and the ' cropg, which are nearly all being cub for hay, are turning out well, being expected to go over a ton to tho acre. A meeting of the sports club was held on Saturday night last, when it was de cided to hold the sports as usual on New Yeir's Day. The next meeting is to bo hold on Thursday night next, when a programme will be drawn up. 