Hhe 5\tibcvlisci" — tBnlc\l>UHliRtl ltf/7: r II ISII I'.i) KVUKV 1'llllMY hVKNINU Friday, Feby. 27th., 1014. ...Bush Firo at Egerton... LARGE AREA OF GRASS LAND DEVASTATED. One of the largest btish-fires everl experienced in the district broke out last week within a quarter of a mile of the Egertou township. It started in the vicinity of the old Sister Rose mine, where the timber is fairly thick, and travelled in an easterly direction. The fire, which was of a small compass when it broke out, got be yond the efforts of a few residents who assembled, and gaining strength it travelled with remarkable rapidity through Air H. X^e Marshall's grass paddock. Here a large band of fire-figlHers made fire-breaks, and it was with some difficulty that the dwelling and stables were saved. A fresh breeze sprang up, and the fire spread to Mr George Fletcher's property. Here the country is thickly studded with young gums, and the flames reaching these made ^ terriffic rumbling noise, and rose J to a height of about 70ft. Some J difficulty was experienced in trying i to save the homestead of M r Fletcher, which was in imminent danger ' j 1 he fire-fighters were powerless in their efforts to check the pro gress of the fire, and it got into the grazing property of Mr W. M'Clel land. Here the dweiilinj^-house had a close call, the fire having got into the garden in front of the house before it was checked. The fire fighters were unable to save two, stacks of hay, which were demolish- ( ed. Just as the fire reached Cant well's property, tile wind changed j to south-east, and drove the fire back to Egerton again. I At this stage the confiagation was ■ over a mile wide, and the whirl-1 wind of /lame that swept the heavily grassed country was a unique sight. The flames spread round A(r Get- j sham Evan's property, and after I consuming all the grass and a lot of fencing, broke into Mr Daniel Dev lin's grass paddocks. Here a stack ! of hay ami some sheds containing 50 bags of oats and a seed drill were destroyed. A spark from the hay stack was blown across the road, fully 200 yards away, and set a thicKly-grassed paddock belonging to Mr Dnit Devlin alight. The fire-fighters were tmabJe to i do anything further in thisdirection so their efforts were confined to the properties of Mr Matthew Mackin, which was in danger. Here Hti el derly lady, Mrs Bright, who is suf fering from rheumatism, was re moved to a neighbor's house. This property, together with those of Messrs George Sims and Thomas Esmond, was saved with difficulty. I The fire burned all night. A large band of fire-fighters had an all-night vigil, and excellent sav ing work was done. A small por tion of the Whipstick Forest, a large tract of Crown lands, burned fiercely, as well as the adjoining properties on the south side. One | 'arge grass paddock belonging to I Mr Dan Devlin, suffered stverely, and in addition to the losses already reported he lost thirty bags of oats and another stack of hay. A large j area of eucalyptus trees were con sumed, and as these have proved a valuable ^ asset to tlje distillers of eucalyptus oil, the .loss to them is | considerable. j While endeavoring to save a fort night's heap of leaves, Mrs R.J. M'Kenzie and her daughtc-rMyrtle, had a narrow escnpefrombeinghurnt to death. Mrs AI'Kenzie's blouse cauglit fire, both sleeves being burnt off; She sustained painful burns on the right arm. Her daughter, also suffeting from shock, rescued her mother in lime. Many women turned out to fight I the fire. Whilst Mrs G. Sims was j endeavouring to stop the fire from i spreading towards her house, she was overcome, and, falling into the fire, was rescued by a neighbor. In many cases furniture and effects were removed to potato plots for safety. Mrs R. Phillips and her husband worked hard in trying lieat and smoke to save their homestead,, which was accomplished after much exertion. • • Mr Gersham Evans, au elderly man, whose grass land was devastated, was removed from the line of fire iti an exhausted condi tion. His dwelling had a narrow escape, With the nid of water-carts the fire-beaters worked throtighout the day, mid at Inst got the fire un der control. The fire also burned nhout 200 acres of grass belonging to Mr John Myeis, of Italian. The fire pot within a few yards of Mrs P. Cant well's house, which was saved. Mrs Cnutwoll lost a go..d quantity of grass. The Dalian bush brigade !did splendid work with the effective j leather "beaters" which it possesses, and also with a portablewater-tnnk. ( Under thedireetion of CaptainGuus i ser, effective fne-breaks were made, ! which stopped further progress of the fire. The property-owners losses are : Matthew Mnckiit, 40 acres grass. Oeorgs Sim:;, 20 acres grass, 15 tons fiiewood. Oersliain Kvans, 90 acres grass. Henry I,e Marshall, 20acresgrass. William M'Lelland, 80 acres. Richard Phillips, 36 acres grass, stack straw, and outbuildings. [ Daniel Devlin stack of hay, sheds grain,and seed-diill(partly insured). Luke Sims, 60 tons of firewood (insured). G. l'letcher, 290 acres grass. Thomas J\smond, 20 acres grass. JohnMyers, about 200 acres grass. All the above-named lost, in ad dition to grass, miles of fencing. . 