DISASTROUS BOSH-FIRE. COUNTRY-SIDE DEVASTATED. 50,000 ACRES SWEPT. FARMERS LOSE HEAVILY. SEVERAL .HARVESTERS DEMOL ISHED. THOUSANDS OF SHEEP ROAS1 ED. REAUFORT RESIDENT FATALLY INJURED. The bush-fire which broke out at Mawallok early qn Friday after noon, and swept the Stockyard will and Skipton .districts, proved the most disastrous ever ex T*rieflced in the history of the^ dis trict It burnt itself out at Bailey s Preekon Saturday morning, after having devastated some 18 miles of 'Tanned by a fierce westerly hreeze the flames spread with re markable and alarming rapidity. Several homesteads were demolish ed together with many miles of fencing and grass, while thousands perished. Mr. R. C. Bell, Of Skipton, travelled over the.fire sWept area in a motor car, and he estimated that the fire covered 50,000 acres. . The fire swept through St. Enoch's, and crossed the Skipton Stockyard Hill road, It went in an easterly direction across coun try past Mount Emu. Early in the day on its southern boundary, the devouring element crossed Mount Monmouth, and got close enough to threaten the township of Skip ton. About 8 p.m. the ^ fire was fiercely sweeping in a direct line for Linton. The Stockyard Hill farmers on the northern end of the fire had an anxious time. About 100 acres of grazing land on Mr. C. Exell s property were vassed over by the flames. Mr. G. Dunnett's home stead was surrounded by fire, and one of bis outbuildings, containing two binders and a waggon, were consumed. The danger to those on the north side of the fire was averted by a thunder storm, followed by a shower. On the eastern side the residents evidently did not get sufficient rain to be of use, as at 8 p.m. the fire was not under control there. A haystack containing 10 tons was burnt on St. Enoch's Estate. The homestead had a close call; but the men put up a splendid and successful fight, saving the situation by burning a break for half a mile on the western side. Three times the fire beat the men, and they gave up all hope of saving the building. From the locality where the fire started to where it. was raging at 8 p.m. it must have covered fully 50 miles. At the Monmouth Estate prac tically everything but Mr. D. Stewart's homestead was destroyed. There was a desperate struggle with the flames. Mr. Stewart had from 150 to 200 sheep roasted alive, or hopelessly maimed, and has also had to shoot numbers of injured cattle. The damage to grass and fencing wes very extensive also. The close proximity of the fire to the homestead can be gathered by the fact that on the western side the building became ignited, the verandah-posts were charred, and all the ironwork twisted with the heat. Several outbuildings were demolished. Close to his house Mr. Stewart has several elevated tanks, into which water is pumped from an adjacent lake. To this water supply he owes the salvation of his residence, for the fire-fight ers were enabled to play water on the house by means of a hose whenever it caught fire. On the previous day the tanks were empty and Mr. Stewart only had them I filled on the morning of the fire. I Considerable damage was caused at Mr. A.. Slater's station. After travelling through Pretty Towers, the fire was responsible for great havoc on the Mount Emu Station. Homestead and contents, along with most of the other buildings, were destroyed, and of some 13,000 sheep only about 6000 can up to the present be accounted for. Miles of country present a deso late picture to the eye, and- the damage to grass and fencing and the destruction of live stock, fences and houses must run into many thousands of pounds. After the Langi-Willi Station had sustained much damage as the result of the fiery visitation the wind veered to the sou'-west, and carried the flames towards Mort chup. Hereabout the destruction Was general • those who sustained the greatest losses being : —Messrs. O'Meara Bros., Shepherd, Ken nedy, Shields (his uninsured dwelling and contents), Luke (re sidence and contents and two sea sons'haystacks), Mrs J. M'Don ajd (all buildings except a buggy shed containing a vehicle, three haystacks and some 80 sheep). Mr. Sinister's homestead was saved after a hard fight, but his hay stacks disappeared ; Mr. Ringin's property was burned out, and was n°t insured ; Mr. Coster's residence was saved, but he lost two, large stacks ; Mr. M'lutosh managed to save his dwelling, but two grain stacks, uninsured, were consumed. At Mortchup the Presbyterian Church building was ruined, and the outbuildings at the State schoa demolished. - At Chepstowe the fire made destructive progress. Mr. Roller's property was consumed in its entirety. The house and con tents .were covered by insurance, but not so the haystacks. Mr. Oddie lost about about 400 sheep, and of 3000 belonging to Mr. M'Cook very few remain. Here the homestead and haystacks were saved. The Carngham Station did not escape. The dwelling became ignited, but the flames were com bated successful. The Carngham cemeterywas swept. At Madden's Flat Cr. Lewis' homestead, out buildings, and haystacks were con sumed, and many sheep perished. The fire, after travelling as far as Bailey's Creek, burned itself out. Rough estimates of losses are as follow :—Mawallok Estate, 500 acres of grass ; St. Enoch's, 2000 ; Mr. A. R. Slater, Skipton, 1200 ; Mr. D. Stewart, Monmot, 1000 ; Mr. T: Hannah, Stockyard Hill,. 400 ; Mr. G. Dunnet, Stockyard Hill, 200 ; Mount Emu Estate, 3000 ;. and Trawalla Estate, 2000. Numbers of sheep and large quantities of fencing were also lost by most of the landholders named. 