RICHMOND'S " GOOD-BYE." VOLUNTEERS FOR SERVICE ENTERTAINED BY CITIZENS^ MAGNIFICENT GATHERING AT BRIDGE ROAD SKATING : RJNK, MOST. UNIQUE FUNCTION THIS CITY HAS KNOWN WAS ARRANGED 'N TWO DAYS.. MOTHERS, SISTERS AND SWEETHEARTS ARE SILENT WITNESSES OF SPLENDID DEMONSTRATION. "Why is it, Doctor, that- all the other suburbs, are; giving send-offs to their soldiers and Richmond is not doing anything?" A young soldier put the query to'Dr. J. F. Agnew, J.P., at the. Broadmeadpws_campr last. Sunday,', The hint was sufficientr Calling a meeting of personal friends and promanent citizens on the. following even"- ing, the utmost enthusiasm was aroused, over £50 subscribed in the room, a working committee appointed, and arrangements made for - a "send-off" demonstration two nights later. It was intimated by the headquarters' staff that -Wednesday evening would be the -last occasion the present contingent would be able to ? obtain leave of absence prior to their-departure for the- front, but the short time ; available served only to further increase the energies of the organisers of the function. ' Their ' task' was a big one.; but so well did they work-that at the time and place appointed Richmond people stood ! up: and cheered and gave the biggest, best- arranged, and most cordial send-off that' any district has accorded. to its own volunteers. It was a triumph and a memorable one for the people in charge.. And none aTe entitled to greater credit than Mr. A. A. Head, of Bridge-road* and Mr. J. H. Jenkins (manager of G Stirling and Son). They put eve^y effort possible; into their" work as hon. secretaries of the function, and the citizens' committee acknowledged them before the gathering dispersed. Headed by the regimental/ljand of the Yarra Borderers, the 284 volunteers from this: district marched frohi the Gipps-street Orderly Room to the Bridge-road ririk.^ Hundreds of people followed the procession; and a tromendouS crowd gathered outside, the rink. The how's that Richmond was saying au revoir had travelled faster than wireless. Mothers, sisters and sweethearts pushed their way forward to see the soldiers march inside. Then they began the; long wait until the brave fellows reappeared—but they did not have to wait as long as they expected. The rink was filled with the people who had. paid for tickets, but the messages poured in incessantly from the relatives and "friends outside. The citizens' committee again did the right thing. It was a smoke night but it was something more also It was Richmond's "good-bye." The doors , were opened, and the mothers and the sisters 1 and • the , sweethearts trooped in through the haze'of smoke I and viewed proceedings from the!spectators' enclosure. It was a remarkable and unique sight -inside the big building.. Small tables loaded with the daintiest, of . edibles, <-non-intoxicating -drinks, . krid the : requisites for a smoke evening, were placed all over the spacious floor. Hundreds of fairy : lights of varied colors, with bunting and flags, were suspended; from; the walls. The Australian Flag was' displayed near the entrance hall, and a giant Union* Jack was hung from the centre of the roof and another at the northern end. The stage was draped in the National colors. Soon the band struck up the National Anthem, and the huge audience rose and joined in." It was followed by the "Marseillaise^" played right through in masterly style. The acare^^otned-ifi^agaifir-*"------ Seated at the official table were Dr. J. F. Agnew (chairman), : Captain CPmmins (who is leaving with the troops), LieutrColonel Crouch (of the Yarra Borderers), Mr. F. G. Tudor, M.H.R., Mr. E. J. Cotter, M;L.A.„ Mr A. A. Head, Mr J.'A. Jenkins, Dr. Peter Reid, -Mr A. Asher, J.P., Mr- J Digby, J.P., Dr: S. 'Amess, Cr. M, Alexander, Mr. C. C. Blazey (town clerk), Mr A. J.- Stead, J.P., Cr. B. Flevill, Cr. G.. Kemp, Mr C. Rose (city surveyor), Mr T. J. Cooper, Cr, C. Morgan, Mr R; Rbssborough, Mr T. Cooker, Mr-W. H, Kelly, J.P., Cr. Burgess,' fMr. 'J. R; L'e Pine, J.P., Mr. C.'J: Langford, Mr. J. Johnson, Mr. Middletbn, Cr. Admans, Mr. B. Hansen, Mr Squire iKennon, Mr. A. W. Stokes, and other icitizens. ; Dr. Agnew read apologies from Mr! A. McLellan, M.L.C., Dr. E. F. O'Sullivan, and Mr." Clements Langford, ;who were unable to be present: Continuing, Dr. Agnew said .that U was well .that the incidents leading ;up to the' gathering should . be narrated. He visited the camp:in company with some friends last Sunday? us While they were there officers were frequently reading notices to various troops, notifying that they would be granted leave of absence to attend "send- off" functions in their home towns. While that was going on " a young soldier* came up to him and said, "Doctor, why Is it ! that all the other suburbs are giving, send-offs to their soldiers, and Richmond is riot doing anything?" He (Dr. Agnew) replied, "I don't know." He decided then to do his best.. The next morning he Baw" Mr. Head — "Head of Bridgeroad." And Mr. Head was the real head of the affair that riight. (Cheers. V A meeting was called for that night ahd - preliminary arrangements made. Over £30 was subscribed in the room; On the same evening, the annual meeting of the Richmond Bowling Club was being held. Many leading^citizpns were connected with that cldb, and it was felt that their sunport.ought to be asked. Cr.-Alexander^ as the president, responded to suchr a request by asking ttie committee to meet the members. Further subscriptions were received, making the amount over £50, arid on behalf of the citizens' committee he thanked the bowling club members for their magnificent response and their splendid/support. Then it-was fbund that some of the volunteers were to be tendered a send-off by- their fellow soldiers in the citizen-forces. Lieut.- Colonel Crouch was cominynicated with, and he readily agreed to join in _with the citizens' demonstration. Th'e immense gathering spoke well for , the; patriotism' of the people of . Richmond; and indicated their apprecia -tion at "the action of their,boys in volunteering "for service. At first it was intended to, provide the liquors usually served at smoke nights,, but they had ,-to bend" to Lieut-Colonel Crouch. They felt now that it would | be a wrong thing to send their young | fellows back to their camp with [ liquor in'them. (Hear! Hear!) Also, | they had to think' of the mothers j of their hoys—the • noble-hearteir women who Were now making the great, est of sacrifices in allowing their boys to go to the front " "Our . Empire," said Dr. Agriew,' "is a glorious one, the most glorious' in the whole world, an empire on whic^i the sun never sets. We are prbuTl to be sons of that empire, ./. (Applause.) Now: that empire was "threatened by an-; autocratic despot, by; a tyrant., .by one who held up a niaile I fist. But I am going to say now that the., mailed fist has become a maimed • fist. And the maimed fist is on the withered arm of William the Weak." 1 (Cheers.) I ask you to charge your glasses and drink to the toast pf "The' Empire." - - \The band struck up "Rule Britannia," and the audience accompanied. "Bring in the bagpipes," called Dr. Agnew, and the Pipe Band" marched into the hall, to the accompaniment of much cheering. They played a number of Scottish national air& and wera cheered again : on concluding. ;" ' Dr. Agnew then announced- : that thanks to the efforts of Mr' E. J. Cotter,' M.L.A.the Railway Commissioriers had agreed to run a special trainfrom Flinders-street station at 1L30, to take the Richmond contingent back to Broadmeadows, and, further, ''the Tramway Co. had' agreed to have trams waiting outside the rink,"' and! to catch the special train: '' (Applause.). "The Lass of Richmond Hill," the regimental song of the'Yarra Border- , ers, was played ^>y the band and sung by the soldiers.'* Captain Commins, who was called away to receive a presentation at a private function, took the opportunity of thanking.the citizens of Richmond for the magnificent manner they were entertaining the departing troops. H<3 was going Tvith the "boys" to repre sent Australia.at the front. (Cheers.) i' They were going to play the' game. (Hear! Hear!) They, were going away with the intention of upholding the, "good old Union Jack." Richmond could rest assured that they .would do their best. They -would endeavor to uphold the prestige not only of Australia, but of. the^British -Nation. He sincerely thanked the citizens for their expressions of goodwill. (Applause.) • Corporal Gainge, who served in the. Boer war and is now taking his eldest - son to the front with him, also responded. Richmond would -be proud ; of her soldier boy?. The volunteers at Broadmeadows were proving- themselves' by the interest and enthusiasm fhey were putting into their wgVlr.^.'jhose who saw the troops march through iFe^^'S^^^^at, to camp would not think they were the same nfen if they could see them at work and marching now. They realised that the present was very different froirr~th.e Boer war—that was only bushranging. ' . - . • A rattle of tins ' at the back of the building was heard. v Corporal Gainge said that it .would' take something more than a rattle to make any Richmond boy "bob" his head!' If there were any "V.C.'s to! be won they were going to try and bring; them back to Richmond. Mr:. F. • G. "Tudor, M.H.R., proposed the toast of "The Land We Live In." It was his sincere wish, as it was the • wish of every citizen of Richmond, that every one of-those who were going away would return; and, he hoped, honor the toast again. It was necessary to refer to the position they occupied ahd had taken on themselves. They : were going to do their share in the fight. He was one • of; those who .was opposed to war, and he believed that the volunteers who were now going away to ,the' war held the same opinion. But to maintain peace they had to fight for it. At times, the only way to meet fire - was by fire. When a bushfire came over the land another fire was begdn, and burningoff went on to save the homestead That was the position of England and the"- Empire to-day. He .hoped -that the war would be over befdre the Australians got to the front, and - hoped also that the day would soon come When international disputes would bo settled in" some other way than -.by the arbitrament of force. Under th*i present conditions they had to prepare for jt. He referred to the Commonwealth Defence System of Compulsory Training, and remarked that no opposition was "heard to it now. People were. never against insurance .when the fire was burning. There -was aother scene of en-. thusiasm when Mr. Tudor referred to the presence of ,Mr. T. . Cooker, aged 84 years, who saw active service,vat Alma, 'Inkerman, Sebastopol, Btfrm&h;, : and in the China war; (Applause.) Giving further proof of what pltick he was possessed 1 of, this veteran had married again. (Renewed applause.) Mr. T^dor said that at one time Mr. Cooker.was the champion boxer of the Mediterranean Fleet, and he had best riot say any more. (Laughter.)' Continuing, Mr. Tudor wished the . departing 1 soldiers well. After their < visit to and experience iri the old : vvorld countries they would better api- ; predate when, "they returned here the conditions of "the land we live in.': This land of the Southern i Cross wa3 ' r^ar the, only continent that had not seen and its horrors. I And though only : r M y ear s oi ' the present century hao gone, the other continents had .ail sullered it. He hoped]with all of-them that this would: be the last: great war the world would ever see, .and wishecl the departing soldiers good- luck and God speed. j . i . 1 j Mr.^T. Cooker, thejveteran, who was received with ringing:: cheers, offered some -advice to the young soldiers. "Don't throw away your ammunition, " he said; "let every bullet tell, and ,£ry to pick out the officers." The :, Germany army , was | as' much * a ma- ' Chine as the motor-car . that sped ' along the road.:.Take away ithe* driver and the maehine became demoralised. . . Mr. B. J. Cotter, jM.L.A^ proposed . the health of "Our Boys." It was au • honor indeed to be j the member for : Richmond and see 284 residents ol •Richmond, going., toj fight'- for th Mother Land. The question now was not whether it was wise for Australia to send troops, but how many are we able to send? Some of the last words '••'of the late-King Edwardwere: "I have always tried to- be a man, and I .have always tried to play ; the game." Lei those words be Impressed in the minds,,-of their young!soldiers', no matter what part of the world they Were in. . Many eyes would be watchiny them and many hearts would be beating, but there would also be many pleasant recollections! when the troops •had gone, and they felt and knew that as. Australians- they would do ' their/ part nobly , and well. It must, be gratifying for the people in England to know that so many young men from their dominions over, 13,000. miles awav were preparing to lay jdown their lives, if. necessary, for the cause which they knew to. be .right. England had soma magnificent troops, but quite as gratifying to England must be the fact that England had young sons in every part of the empire to I step into the breach^ willing y to do j their part and to do it; well. He wish- j . ed.them all long life and prosperity.: (Cheers.) , | I \- ! Lieut-Cblonel Crouch, in respond ing, baid that he, 1 too, was. proud to be .. the commanding officer of the Yarra Borderers, from'which I so many young : soldiers had voluntep^-c;. \ "V^^^rSSiS^ Toy -the ' diat^^iSriyr They knewi that; the struggle to maintain peace in this fair land would not take place in Australia. The British Navy was keeping the seas clear, andthey were safe in. that respect: Sothis big battles that would decide ttieir fate would be fought,] not in Perth, orl Sydney, or Melbourne, ! but in France or Belgium/ or, 'he .hojped, Berlin. .They would send, contingent after contingent as long as: England wanted them, but while (they would do so 1 he did not think it out of place now . toi refer .to the very [urgent necessity of ensuring for the brave fellows : who went away that when they did return-jthey hoped all would i return— they would be treated as' heroes should . .be treated. It was easyi now to cheer , and the glamor and glory "was on the men, but they should remember those men who would serve j them* in this time of stress and crisj(B. They should be' able to go away with the assuvr.ahce that when they came back they would have the appreciation; the consideration, and the 1 affection ' of those jthey. had served. j(Hear. Hear.) He believed that, every man who went to .'the front was doing! God's work, and ha said "Trust in jGod and use .'his ammunition." - ' The chairman. remarked ; on the unique and representative nature of .the gathering. Those who had led ; .the' function, like the .soldiers, were of all shades of political; opinion, and of religious creed, but they had join- • ed 'together in the one 'cause. 'Further patriotic-airs| were played /by the regimental and pipers' bands, ".and the , musical programme, like the \- .catering], was thoroughly appreciated. \- n>Mr. Harry Mann rendered efficient ser- .• vice as accompanist. K; At a little before eleven o'clock relatives and friends of the departing troofps began to say their good-byes, and soon afterwards, the soldiers left to the accompaniment of more cheers on their return to camp. • • . : 