the country. A DEFECTIVE TELEPHONE SER VICE. PORT PIRIE, February 11.-The local telephone service was adversely commented upon by the Mayor (Mr. C. A. Dcgetl hardt) tit a meeting of the town council on Monday evening. He said he had re- ceived serious complaints regarding it. He had brought the matter before the post- master, who had promised to look into it. He found no fault with the two ladies working .it the exchange, but the atten- dance during their necessary absence was by no means satisfactory- He liad had reason to complain, and when taking a boy to task had been "thanked" and satirically called 'a gentleman for drawing attention to it. A Government official liad questioned one boy r;gard'.ng his be- haviour, and was promptly told over the 'phone to ''go and get his head read." If tue department was soinc to be run by boys the sooner a chango was made the better. It was time drastic steps were taken to bring about better conditions. "PEEPING JIMMY." CRYSTAL BROOK, February 10.-Great excitement has been occasioned, and the feminine portion of the community has been much alarmed by the rumors that "Peeping Jimmy'' has made his appearance in Crystal Brook. It is alleged that he has been seen on several occasions, and some have even gone so far as to state that lie . was recognised. No proof te forthcomdng of this, however. It is hoped that the miscreant will soon be discovered. Many residents amrm that if tiley capture him they will deal summarily with him. A LARGE SEASIDE PICNIC. RIVERTON. February 11.-The com- bined picnic to tlie «¡aside from Saddle- worth, Riverton,. Tarlee and Stockport takes place to-morrow at Glenelg. The bookings have been heavy, and two largo, special trains have been chartered to con- vey picnickers to the seaside. The Isst two vears it was held at the Semaphore. BURRA. February 11.-The Burra trip to tlii1 Semaphore on February 25 promises lo be a bie affair, the district having been extended from Manoora to Hallett and intervening towns. BUSH FIRES. RENMARK, February 10.-During the past week a large bush fire has been raging in what ia known as the Chambers back country (Castiue's), north' of Cobdogla. Tins country is unoccupied, and it is not likely that any serious damage has oc- curred. During the recent bush fires in the hundreds' of , Murtho and Paringa, Messrs. C. F. and R. .Stoeckel lost four miles of fencing, and seven miles of the State boundary fence was destroyed. In connection with the recent fires along the Paringa railway, in the hundreds of Gor- don and Bookpurnong, reports appear to have been greatly exaggeratr-d. There is no doubt thit a good deal of damage, Con- sisting mostly of the drstruction of valu ible feed, was occasioned by the outbreak«, but no settler appears to have lost his homestead.. Several narrow escapes from serious loss are reported, the most notable being that, of a valuable mob of 40 brood mares upon one of Mr. S. Fisher's farms, which Were removed only just in time from à paddock of grass and partly cleared scrub. It is understood that the Loxton police are busy making enquiries, with a view to instituting proceedings against farmers/in the district for non-compliance with provisions of the Bush Fires Act in connection with "their burning-off opera- tions. WANTED A HOSPITAL. MANNUM, February .10.-The need of a hospital at Mannum has" long been felt, and recently the -matter was taken in hand by the Progress Committee, with the re- sult that aj public - meeting - was convened for .last night. There wuk a,large gather- ing at the institute, 'Mr.', David Shearer presiding. Dr. M. W. Sprod outlined the scheme put forward by the- committee. Similar institutions at Loxton, lameroo, and other country centres were cited as examples. Dr. Sprod stated that the estab- lishment of such an institution at Mannum, the business^ centre of an extensive dis- trict, was a matter of the utmost import- ance. After a long discussion Mr. W. J. Webb moved-"That a district hospital be established at Mannum." The motion, which was seconded by Mr. W Searle (Purnong), was carried unanimously. A strong committee was formed to go into the scheme, consisting of Messrs. David Shearer, W. J. Webb, T. IS... V. Berriman, J. J. Stewart, S. B. von Doussa, Captain J. G. Arnold, and Dr. M. Sprod. The committee were empowered to create sub- committees at different centres in the dis- trict, by which means it is hoped interest will be aroused to enable money to be raised for the building fund. The proposal is to obtain £1,000, and it is anticipated that there will be little difficulty in secur- ing the amount. The Government will then be asked for a subsidy. A subscrip- tion list was opened at the meeting, and 81 guineas was promised. One gentleman offered a building site should it be ap- proved by the Government. PORT GERMEIN, February 9.-Two blocks of land next to the National Bank, facing the main street, were recently purchased by the local ten- nis club. Two courts were put down, and they worc opened on Saturday. A knife-and-fork dinner, to which about 60 sat down, wai pro- vided by the ladies, also afternoon tea, at which ahout 109 were present. A tennis match was played . between the Mambray Creek and local teams. Scores:-Germein, 11 sets; Mambroy Crcck, 9 sets. MOOROOK (River Murray), February 9.-Ex- ceedingly hot weather was experienced here dur- ing the latter part of last week. The large bushflres raging no doubt added to the heat, and on Wednesday and Thursday the thermome- ter registered 112 deg. and 110 deg. in the shade respectively. The hottest day, which was a re- cord here, was experienced On Friday, when the thermometer reached 115 deg. in the shade. The bushfire« around here have caused considerable damage to fences, ice., and one of the local far- mers had 800 tons of sawn wood burnt. The Outback cricket team met the local team on Saurday last. The game proved exciting, and there was a large number of spectator». The local team won by 4 runs. CHERRY GARDENS, February 10.—On Sunday and Monday special services were held in the Iron Bank Methodist Church in connection with the Sunday-school conducted under the supervision of Mr. Charles Morgan. On Monday evening the church was crowded, when the following contributed towards the programme:—Miss Grace Coats, Mr. H. C. Hill (of Scott's Creek). Mr. Andrew (circuit assistant), Mr. C. S. Smith (of Adelaide) acted as chairman. Mrs. Leek (of Upper Sturt) officiated at the organ. The Sun- day-school teachers are working hard to gather together funds sufficient for the erection of a Kindergarten room. NURIOOTPA. February 10.-A petition has been frenly sicned by residents of Truro, Stock- well, Lights Pas?, Greenock, and Gnadenfrei, am) nuriootpa, asking for a district high school to tie established at Nuriootpa. Tubs is the centre of a thickly-populated distr.-_, ind the residents are keen ou having the same educational facilities for their children as are provided now in many other nari». -The Barossa A.H. and F. Society held its an- nual moetins recently, and the followinff offices were elected:-President, Mr. II. ,IiHicken: com- mittee, Me^rs. V. Coulthard. .los. Hatch. .T. Keller. C. Lane. M. Below. II. ». Ellis. JoJi. Hatch", A. E. Cartwright, J. llubich, E. Kindler, « \V. Krieg. R. Baird, A. II. Paech. O. A. iJ Virgo, and A. Schol?; secretary and treasurer, air. P. Ï. Goldsworthy. NHILL, February 10.-A large am] enthusiastic meeting of farmers was held at Nhill to discus the important question of handling grain in balk. Mr. P. Bone (vice-president of the A. and P. Society) occupied thf chair. Mr. 1). Bone, who ia an enthusiastic supporter of the elevator system, strongly supported the move- ment, and roo>ed that Mr. J. Hen_.es, M.P. for Lowan, be urged to support the views of Mr. Langdon. Mr. G. Batson supported Mr. Bone. Mr. II. E. Dahlenburg, or Winiam, Tnoved, as an amendment, that no action be taken, remark- ing that the time was not ripe when the hand- ling of grain in bulk should be adopted. He considered they did not have enough wheat to make the system pay. and urged farmers before taking any definite action to acquire more infor- mation on thn subject. ? A vete was taken, and the amendment was carried, by two votes.-Nurse Isabel Cory, of Melbourne, lias been appointed matron of the Nhill Hospital, in the place of Nurse Mciver, who has resigned. 