DISASTROUS BUSH FIRE. : _JLARGE AREA DEVASTATED. SAD BURNING FATALITY. On Friday,-6th inst, the "terror of the bush" held sway throughout the Stockyard Hill, Skipton, Mortchup. and Chepstowe districts, converting a large area of grazing and farming country into a blackened and desolate wilderness. Fair homes and gardens were ruthlessly blotted out, and poor dumb animals doomed to unspeakable misery. And over all lies the shadow of a grim and horrible tragedy—the cruel death of a human being. Although cut oif in the prime of his manhood, the victim died the noblest death it is possible for man to-die. He gave his life to help the helpless, and filled a hero's grave. Such a sad catastrophe aa befel Mr A. M. Hannah is more keenly felt in a small community than a larger one, and need less to state has cast a gloom over the district. The fire-swept area is about 60,000 acres, and the damage exceeds £80,000. It is estimated that the fire covered a strip of country 50 miles long and 20 milea wide before it burnt itself out at Bailey's. creek on Saturday morning. "s"" STOCKYARD HILL HOMES -' IMPERILLED. The first intimation the inhabitants of Beaufort had of the outbreak was the tolling of the fire-:bell late in the after noon. As the Beaufort Bush Fire Bri gadewere not called on for assistance they were not sent out. The confla gration, which is alleged to have origin ated from a camp-fire, proved the most disastrous experienced for 30 years in the Stockyard Hill district. It is re ported to have started on the southern end of Mawallok at about 2 p.m., where it consumed about 500 acres of -grass and. destroyed 180 sheep. Mr D. McDonald (son-in-law of Mr G. Dunnet) was the first at the fire on Mawallok, and saved two big lots of fat wethers. He was overtaken by the fire when gett ing out the third flock of 700, and had to jump his horse over a fence to escape | the. flames. Burning - through St. Enoch's Estate and across the' Skipton— Stockyard Hill road, the fire travelled eastward sweeping the country past Mt. Emu. On its southern end it burnt over Mt._Monmouth, very nearly to Skipton township.- At 8 p.m. it was travelling at a furious rate towards Linton. The flames were aided by a strong wind, and the long; dry grass covering the plains went like tinder. On the north end of the fire at Stockyard' Hill about 100 acres of grass on Mr G. Exell's farm were consumed. . Mr G. Diinnet's home stead was surrounded by the fire, which destroyed a shed containing two binders and a waggon. The familj* spent a very anxious' time, for the homestead waB repeatedly threatened with destruction. About 200 acres of pasture on the farm were swept. Mr Dunnet's three child ren, "whilst coming home from school through Mr Stewart's paddock, had a very narrow "escape from burning injur ies. They were sur rounded by fire, and had to gallop through the flameB and take refuge under a tree where the grass wa3 bare. Fortunately for those on the north side a thunderstorm oc curred, which was followed by a shower of rain. This extinguished the flames in that quarter. Evidently those on the eastern side could not have had the same quantity of rain» for at nightfall the fire was raging there as fiercely as ever. At Stockyard Hill Mr T. Hannah was another, heavy loser, as 400 acres of his grass were consumed. * A CLOSE CALL AT ST. ENOCH'S. t The fire reached St. Enoch's Estate (the'property of the executors of the late Mr A. Bain) at about a quarter to three, approaching from the south-west, side. The homestead was isolated- in a veritable sea of fire. The flames pot within 20 yards of the plantations. The men only saved the buildiugs by burn ing a half-mile break on the western side. Three times the lire' broke away from them, and thrice they/gave up hope of a save. A stack containing 10 tons of hay was reduced to cinders in a remarkably short space of time. Great difficulty was experienced in saving the i wool-shed, which was also encircled by ! fire. Whilst assisting to save the home I stead,- a Resident of Raglan,, named • Gillingham, was badly burnt al»oiit the i arms. Contrary to "the experience on ! other properties, a very small number of ' til-seep—only about 20—were lost. Fully ■ 3000 acres1 of grass, however, were con > sumcd. After the lire had passed only • some S00 acres were left unscathed : Practically all fences but the stone ones ! were 'destroyed. The latter, of course, i made excellent fire-bveaksi Splendid 1 v.'orlc was done'by the neighbors and . employees in saving the sheep and keep | ing the fire aiway from the "buildings, j The loss of fencing on St. Enoch's Es I tate is estimated at £500. • i HOW LANGI-WILLI FARED. i At Mr G- Russell's Langi-Willi Estate | the fiery visitation also' wrought great . havoc, about 2500 acrcs of grass being | swept bare, and the One new homestead i imperiSpd. The house caught fire, and i was only saved with the greatest diffi culty. A good deal of fencing was de stroyed, but n6 sheep. TRAWALLA'S HEAVY LOSSES. l A great deal of fencing.on Admiral Bridges' Trawalia Estate was destroyed, in the - onward rush of, the- devouring element. No. less than 9000 acres 01 grass made food for the fire, .and 350 sheep were-either roasted or suffocated. GREAT DAMAGE AT MR; SLATER'S. ^ TEiiJee hundred;of" Mr A;~R. Slater's iheep perished, and 2700" acres of liis property adjoining Monmot were denuded. \- .TERRIBLE EXPERIENCE AT ■MONMOT., The awful experience of those at Mr D. Stewart's residence at Monmot is similar to what must have been suffered by those who went through the terrible ordeal in the history of Victoria known as ".JJlack Thursday." The homestead was surrounded by a wall of fire 20ft. high, .-through the pine trees and hedges, and Mr and Mrs Stewart regard their escape as little short of providential. The garden was burnt clean out, even the fruit being roasted, and the veran dah of the house caught fire in twenty places. The fight to save the homestead wa=? a strenuous one. On the west side of the house charred verandah posts and ironwork twisted, with the heat bear evidende of the tremendous odds that had to be .faced by the defenders of Mr Donald Stewart's hearth and home. A hay shed, chaff house, engine, chaff cutter, and another small shed were demolished. The hay shed and machin ery were insured. - Of the estate 2600 acres were swept bare by the blames, and between 300 and 400 sheep and one cow,,perished. , A valuable foal was badly scorched. When the fire began at Mawallok, an exceptionally hot, north-. erly wind was blowing, and the flames were fast being driven south. Noticing this, Mr'Stewart, with three of his men, set out to assist in saving the sheep on St. Enoch's and Mr Slater's run. Whilst engaged in this work, the. fire came so close that they had to beat a hasty j retreat. An unexpected changing of the wind to the west, however, endang ered Mr Stewart's own property, and he turned his endeavors towards saving his own stock. He did not anticipate that the road would be crossed by the fire, but he was mistaken, for it crossed with incredible rapidity, and rushed onward at almost lightning speed. Fences and anything else in the course of the flames went almost'like flannelette. MrStewart and his men were working hard to save his stock, when the wind again changed, and gave them a temporary respite from danger. The four men could see the fire rushing through Mr Slater's paddocks and Mt. Emu at express speed. Once more the fire changed front, this time endangering the Monmot homestead. Mr Stewart hastened to the assistance of his wife-and family. Glancing over his shoulders, he could see the fire rush ing onward in great waves, between sis and eight feet high, devastating every thing as it came. The trees and fencing round the homestead, the hedges and garden, and next the building itself, be- ] came ignited. Mrs Stewart had luckily taken the precaution to close the win dows, and this doubtless helped greatly towards saving the building. PREPARING FOR THE WORST. Believing they could'riot escape being roasted alive, Mr and Mrs Stewart and the other inmates of the house began preparing for the worst. They were hemmed in by fire, and showers of sparks and burning debris flew overhead. Mrs Stewart was convinced that their end was at hand, and urged that it was futile to go outside into the flames and court certain destruction. When they saw the flames getting so close and the house becoming ignited, they got out in the garden. When they came out the house was like an oven. The flames, were coming down on the western side of the building 10ft. above the chimneys, and presented a terrible wall 20ft. in height. MK. HANNAH'S FRIGHTFUL ACCIDENT. . Mr Stewart could not resist his intense desire to try and save the house, and rushed round the garden to get a hose. As he ran he met Mr A. M. Hannah, who said, "I am done, Don." In his hurry he called out to Mrs Stewart to get Mr Hannah something to revive him. He found the hose an3 started playing the water on the lighted verandah, and succeeded in extinguishing the fire. When he came back subsequently he saw Mr Hannah lying on a couch and hia wife and Mr Dan Elder, attending to him. Mr Elder tuld him Mr Hannah was badly burnt, and up to that time, owing to the density of the smoke from the pine tree3 and hedges, etc., Mr Stewart had not observed the terrible extent of Mr Hannah's injuries. When the party first went into the garden they saw they were in grave danger, and were ready to hose themselves if the danger came. When they qame out of the house Mrs Stewart asked that they be all called together, as they might nevar see one another again. They were prepared to perish together if need be. The children were crying and screaming all the time. Mr Hannah must have heard the chil dren screaming, and rushed through the fire to their assistance from outside the garden. In running to save the children,. Mr Stewart's opinion is that his unfor tunate friend must have tripped and fallen down into the fire on his face, and been beating it with his hands. Mr Hannah told him afterwards that he had tumbled into the *fir^ and-that he had heard the two chijdretf fcroam and ran to save them. Mr Elder (who by the way, was overcome with the thick smoke, and had to get behind their gig, which was left on the drive on the eastern side of the house), told Mr Stewart that Mr Hannah got up and walked along and sat on the lawn. lie afterwards got up and came to Mr Stewart, who met him com ing round the house, which was tlfen alight in 20 different pla.ces along the verandah. Prior to this Mr Stewart himself was nearly overcome by the smoke on trying to get round the eastern side of the building, and had to beat a hasty retreat. Messrs Hannah and Elder had driven up in a gig from Skipton. The former had only just arrived from Lismorc, when Mr Andrew Elder met him in Skipton and asked him to inform Mr Slater that he had just got a tele phone message that his land was on fire, and to go on to Mrihmot and help them there, getting his "brother (Mr Dan Elder) to accompany Mr Hannah. When they arrived at Mr Stewart's a man took charge of their horse atthestable3. Mr j Stcw&rt; called out to Mr Hannah not to run down to the fire which was then burning lic-rcely. in the paddock to the south of the house, or be would be burnt. That was the last he saw of him till he came round the house as before stated. When Mr Hannah feli he must have been either stunned or overpowered by the smoke; but how the accident really hap pened, or how long Mr Hannah lay in the fire, no one will ever know, as owing to the dense smoke he was not observed by his companions until he got up. No one but a man of his indomitable courage would ever have got upon his feet again, for he was shockingly injured, and must have been almost blind. Mr Hannah's injuries were of a very grave nature; the clothes being literally burnt to tatters on his back, lie was burnt from the feet almost to the chest, as well as on the face, and even his finger nails were burnt off. One of his arms was just about roasted, and-would have had to be amputated had he recovered. From the first Drs. Barrett (of Skipton) and Jackson (of Beaufort), who were hastily summoned, held out no hope of his re covery. He was removed to Skipton on Saturday, and passed away at Dr. Barrett's private hospital at about 1 a.m. on Sunday. He .was conscious up to about noon on Saturday, and bore his terrible sufferings with the fortitude that was natural to his stout heart and iron will. HOW THE HOUSE WAS SAVED. There is a lake near Mr Stewart's house, and from there he pumps water into tanks placed on high platforms. But for having this water supply he must surely have lost his home. Only the day before the tanks were empty, and Mr Stewart had hart them filled the morning of.the fire. By playing a hose on the verandah, Mr Stewart kept the fire down, while MissNewey did yeoman service by emptying buckets of water on the side of the house. The generous nature of the late Mr Hannah was well known. It was characteristic of him that lie should say to Mr Stewart, "I'm alright, Don; look at'ter your wife; and family and save them,'' After an anxious tima the homestead was saved., and the fire rushed on towards. Trawalla. At one stage Mr Wm. Spicer, an employee of Mr Stewart's, was endeavoring to save some sheep, when the fire came so "close that he was obliged to take refuge in a .dam, and drag a refractory horse after him by the bridle:' When the danger was : over he was half blinded with smoke, but very thankful for his escape. Subsequently he pluekily took Mr Stewart's motor car past the burning, wood-heap and over the smouldering ground, and drove to Skipton for Dr. Barrett, to obtain medical assistance for Mr Hannah. . ' ENORMOUS LOSSES AT MT. EMU, CIIEPSTOWE, & MORTCHUP. Probably the heaviest losse3 were ex perienced at the Mt. Emu Estate, Chep 9to\ye, where the whole property of 12,750 acres was devasted, and 5,000 or G,000 sheep were saved out of the entire flock of about 13,000. A lot of these sheep, however,- are injured, and wiil probably perish. The large two-storied granite homestead, one of the most beautifully furnished residences in the western district, ha3 been reduced to four bare walls. The place was sur rounded by large pine trees, from which the flames got into the wood in the roof. A piano, a few valuable pictures, account books, and sundry other articles of furni ture was all that was saved. The house contained one of the most valuable libraries in the State. This was des troyed. Great difficulty was experienced in saving the stables, the men's quarters, and the manager's house. Mr A. McCook, of C'nepstowe, had •2000 acres of grass consumed and 500 of his sheep perished; whilst Mr T. R. Oddie lost between 250 and 300 sheep and 900 acres of grass. Both gaved their homes with difficulty. The scene in that district is one of extreme desolation, and stock which escaped the flame's are starv ing for want of grass. Messrs Philip Russell (both of Carngham and Mawal lok), Mr R. Bell, of Mooramong, and other station owners generously came to the rescue of their neighbors, and offered accommodation for the sheep and cattle that had escaped. After travelling through the fire-swept area in a motor car, Mr Bell estimated that 50,000 acres had been covered. Messrs O'Meara Bros, and Shepherd, of Mortchup, were heavy losers. Mr W. Tame managed to save his house and a waggon, losing all his hay and machinery. Messrs J. Curley, Ferguson, and Rankin barely saved their homes. Mr T. Kennedy's Fingal Park Estate suffered severely at its Mortchup end. The fire reached as far as the Carngham cemetery. Few or no cattle were lost, but the losses in sheep were heavy. Hundreds of dying sheep had to be shot. A few bridges and culverts are gone in the Jtipon and Grenville shires. The decking and timber work at the stone bridge at Mortchup near the State school was destroyed. Riponshire's loss is esti mated at £100. Splendid work was done ! by the bush fire brigades, and the women kept them well supplied with refresh ment?. Around the immediate vicinity j of Snake Valley the most pitiful sights [ to be seen were the dead sheep, which j in some paddocks were piled up like a wall. No danger was anticipated there abouts from the fire till about 5.30p.m., when a terrific wind came up and carried the fire along at the rate of 35 miles an hour. It came sweeping through the plains to the north of Skipton, and onward to Mt. Emu, Langi- Willi, Mort chup, and Chepstowe: The flames then encroached on a portion of Carngham Estate, and destroyed a large area of grass and many sheep. The fine wool shed, fitted with machines, was demol ished. It was only by the greatest effort that the homestead was saved. It became ignited once or twice, but the prompt use of water prevented a most disastrous conflagration. 'i'nose wno suffered worst amongst the farmers were Messrs Lewis Bros., of Madden's Flat (one of whom is Cr. L. Lewis, a member of the Riponshire council), who lost their house ana almost all their belongings, besides nearly all their grass and fencing-. Only a buggy was saved, and the inmates ! of the homestead had to seek refuge in a dam.; Mr D. McDonald, of Mortchup; was also a great loser. His fine hew house and furnishings were swept away, and the family only escaped with what they stood in. All the buildings were lost, excepting a buggy shed, containing a vehicle. Three haystacks and some 80 sheep were also demolished. Mr J. Luke had his house and all his belongings, as well as his fencing, grass, and two seasons' haystacks burnt. Mr W. Row ler, of Chepstowe, and Messrs Alf. Shields and J. Ringin, of Mortchup, were completely burnt out. Whilst fighting the fire Mr Ringin was severely burnt about the hands. Mr Ringin left his own home to save his aged mother, who had been 16 weeks in bed, and during the time he was getting his mother in a place of safety, his own home was gutted. Mr Ringin's injuries are of a very serious nature. Mrs Simister, Mortchup, lost her grass, and Messrs Mcintosh, Coster, J. and Wm. Nunn, T. Howard, W. Sutherland, Chas. Hall, W. McKay, Jag. Allen, A. McCallum, J. Young, and 0. McNulty, were all heavy losers. At Simister's and Coster's the hay slacks were .consumed, and Mcintosh's lost two grain stacks. In liearly every case there were strenuous fights to save even the homesteads. Numerous exciting escapes occurred ; unfortunate residents having to flee for their lives. Several bed-ridden and aged people had also to be taken out of their homes, when they were threat ened with destruction. The Mortchup Presbyterian Church was ruined, and the outbuildings at the State school were demolished. The post office, which is close by, was saved. Miles of fencing, and thousands of pounds worth of property and live stock must have been destroyed.. Even yet it is difficult for landholders to accurately estimate their losses. GOVERNMENT'S SYMPATHY. Cr. A. C. Roddis, of Snake Valley, the president ,pf Riponshire, has received the following telegram from the Premier of the State Government (the lion. W. A. Watt) " Will you be so good as .to convey sympathy of Government to suf ferers in recent disastrous iir-.-o in your district, and more particularly to rela tives of Mr Hannah, who lost his life in j connection therewith." . . v . -INQUEST ON THE VICTIM, ...; Mr E. G. Austin, J.P., conducted-a magisterial inquiry into the circumstan ces sun-rounding the death of Mr A. M. Hannah at the Skipton police station on Monday morning. Evidence as to the tragic manner in which deceased met his death (similar to preceding reports of the sad occurrence) was given by Messrs D, Stewart, and D. Elder. The finding was that deceased died at Skipton on the 3th inst. from iburns accidentally sus tained whilst trying to save two children it Monmot on the 6th inst.. DECEASED'S CAREER. "J'he sad and untimely end of the late Mr A. M; Hannah is deeply and sincerely mourned throughout the Beaufort .and Skipton districts, where deceased was widely known and esteemed for his many fine traits, of character. His was one of those generous, impulsive natures, quick to. anger, but quicker to forgive. / He was of a jovial, hearty temperament, and had a very optimistic outlook upon life. A keen lover of coursing, he fol lowed thesport for all it was worth. He was the first secretary and one of the founders of the flourishing Stockyard Htll District Coursing Glub, and well known as a breeder and nominator of dogs throughout the State. He had a good eye for a horse, and was a wide exhibitor of valuable animals at agricul tural. ahowy. lie was a leading member, of the Beaufort Agricultural Society for many years, and its vice-president at the time of his death: He toolc" a deep' in terest in many other public institutions at Beaufort and Skipton, and also in municipal affair?. He h. three years a member otthM Council for the South IVifo. retired from his seat onft^'k months ago. At last genTid a the Legislative Assembly'\\\ unsuccessfully cnatiste;! tV .. Hampden. For some years ftt* v.'&s; engaged in farunn;* ' Waubra/hut had ^vi Stockyard iliUtrota hisl On his return lo lisaofort 12 months ago Mr bastaess as an'auetioiiusr, and peneral twnmnv&m; tinued in that capacity uiHy ^ his death. Uc was wiiy ;vj, yJ"1 and unmarried. Hi", t«s" (Messrs D. R. and T. UvitmVi' mars at Stockyard UW, whew hi, , and a sister also reside. 0a^ sisters is raatiiMvcsy at. Great sympathy has bsi::;. the bereaved relative. im vusmiAL. The remains of the late y.T Hannah (the unfortunate victim ( sad burning accident at M interred in the Beaufort Nlondav. The faueral was . largest over seen in HeauSon. vehicles, including eight rr,« \ besides horsemen and cyclist?,, the hearse from " Laraonde,'' t_ deucc of the deceased's motto as| yard Hill- A large crowd oi peo;v| assembled at the cemetery. 'fe.l (which was of oak, with Bhail ing3) was eovercd with be&utM; tributes of sympathy. SpaialM were senv. by the Beaufort A'^dj Society (of which deceased mayy sident), the Stockyard Hill M Coursing Club (of which he yj steward), and the Euramta w Club. Tnc coffin was borne to fel by Messrs D. Martin, \Y. %1 Harris, 3 liirkpatrick, Jtio. VJ1 and AlevS^"1 auu /iiex Stev.-art; whilst thrift carried by .Messrs W. IJMai J Hannah, L"). Stewart, D. PWa,I vine, S. Young, R. KineVvis, ford, R. G. Chirnside, W.Lmi'i Halpin, W. R. Glover, A. U. S]a4rl R. C. Bell. The Preabytciiaa Mp service was read by the Rev. H {If of Skipton, who" also dcfel impressive address, in which Ul high tribute to the noble which deceased died. In the tdl his remarks Mr Hull said that fr l gathering here to-day bote t«i to the love and esteem in brother was held. Impulsive,W| natured, generous to a fault, a]jl sacrificing, his thoughts rae J for others. Ilia many fttojjM regretted that he had* been tat® the prime of life. Thetc waj e| Roman saying that a man ecSj better die than by facing feaiMi No better deed could a man dotal lay down his life in trying tori! friend. Mr Chas. Morris, ii !a| carried out the mortuarv amtrai EXPRESSIONS OF REGRFtl Profound regret was felt ai i| when it became known that 11 Hannah, of Skipton, had lost laE tragic circumstances, as reporteli '' Star." The deceased gentfeia well known at Avaca, e/. amongst coursing men, who fej;! plore his untimely end, und^rsua: ful conditions. His many fruj however, take solace from fern ;; he gave his life awayintheci5<t|, He was recognised as a tee | .throughout this locality, acl e Sympathy is felt with his son®? ; latives. •; At the meeting of the Leila: Council on Monday, the chairs Yates) referred to t;ie sad u "• death of ex-Cr. A. M. Hands result of his heroic efforts at ilsfc bush-fire. The meeting for 10 minutes as a mark of At the meeting of the B21WI bytery on Thursday, it was send a letter of sympathy to kb of the late Mr A. if. Hannafc. 