How To Double All Incomes. To say that every person in Victoria should be twice as well off as he or she is seems ex- travagant nonsense. It may even be regarded by the reader as an unseemly gibe at his sanity. It is an insult to his intelligence. Yet it is not far from the truth. We waste our property, our opportunities, and ourselves in lavish pro- fusion. Is our industry organised to such an extent as to get 75 per cent. of his working capacity from every man ? No. Is our health conserved sufficiently to keep illness, unemploy- ment, and mcdical expenses down to the irre- ducible minimum ? No. Is the wealth of the soil exploited within 75 per cent. of its possi- bilities, having regard to labour and capital available, and the application of scientific methods ? No. Compare, next time you walk the streets, the first grown man you see and the first young hoy. Has the man developed one-half of the possibilities of the boy, or one fourth, or one-fifth ? No. There is no blinking the fact that we are wastefully disorganised, and that we could be doing very much better than we do. Human failings are too much for us. Ignorance is too deep. Prejudices and tra- ditions and bad laws keep us blind to the real prospects. We shriek when any change is threatened, because our nature is always against change. New ideas are hateful, and we hurl stones at every prophet we sight. Everything new is bad—even a new dancing saloon ; every thing old is good and comfortable, and as Provi- dence intended. Yet occasionally wanton waste obtrudes itself so glaringly and with such obvi- ously harmful effects that a step forward to wards the perfect organisation is taken. This should in the case now with bush fire preven- tions. If ever a wicked and wasteful unit in society deserved hitting on the head, it is the bush fire wastrel. • • • • He is usually a swagman possessing amongst his valuable a box of wax matches. Sometimes he drops a lighted match on dried stuff out of spite for the world. These are the men who had better never been born. They are scabs on the community. Other swagmen are more genial souls, and they do not intend to set fire to the countryside when they drop their matches after lighting their pipes. They have their uses, though fool-headed ; they must be tolerated, and gently refused the dignity of wax matches. Another incendiarist is the settler who "burns off" during summer. Doubtless he has a hard enough time pioneering in the forests, and he has to rid his ground of the fallen timber when it is dry. Yet he wastes many times his worth when he sets the forests alight. Boys are born incendiarists. Many have innocent souls, and the bushfires for which they are responsible spring from the harmless quest of rabbits. Who would have a boy that did not delight in burn- ing out rabbit burrows ? A little smoke is a powerful adjunct to the bunny-hunter, and it comes hard to have to condemn the country boys' sport because it leads to fire and deso- lation. Yet the Chief of the Country Fire Bri- gades insists that this is so. The railway loco- motive has been blamed for many fires it never created. Let the sturdy veteran carry the blame for the boys' fires, and have all parents cautioned to bring up their sons with a greater respect for fire in the bush. The picnicker is another offender. He is sometimes of the genus labelled fools, and on these occasions he leaves smouldering embers where he has fed, or tosses his matches over his shoulder as if he were walking a stone footpath. He destroys many pounds' worth of property, yet the community forgives him. It does not even take the trouble to admonish him. • • • • One Way To Prevent Waste. The Minister of Forests and Mines (Mr. Drys- dale Brown) says that Departmental records show a clear loss of £100,000 a year in this State from forest fires. Surely this is intoler- able waste. The Department insists that most of the fires are preventable. The Country Bri- gade Chief goes further, and says that practi- cally all are preventable. Then, why continue to waste our communal and personal property in this way ? The first need is legislation. The Government need not spend all the coming ses- sion in bolstering up its party ; let it give us a good policy of forest conservation. The sale of wax matches in threatened districts should be prohibited. Men convicted of causing bush fires, consciously or unconsciously, should be sum- marily punished. An order should be issued prohibiting the burning of timber between 1st November and 31st March. Phosphorous poison for vermin should be sold and used only by authorised persons. Settlers should be allowed to burn off debris only by special permission of bush rangers, and precautions to ensure fire breaks round these fires should be insisted upon. Mounted rangers, experienced in fire-figliting, should be stationed in localities where fires are specially feared. • • • • These suggestions are approved by such experts as Major Marshall and Mr. H. B. Lee, who know from practical experience how wanton neglect has caused the ruin of valuable forests, homesteads and crops. If there is no real need for these devastating bushfires, why in the name of commonsense do we tolerate them ? Perhaps Mr. Drysdale Brown will be able to do the work of one furious, desolating bush blaze ; perhaps he will be able to rouse in the public a fierce hatred of bushfires, instead of having us all wait till a calamity rouses us. If we all hate any- thing sufiiciently, we kill it. We hated sweat- ing, and it is dying. We are learning to hate poverty, and it is disappearing from our midst, leaving us one of the best-fed and best-housed communities in the world. Nothing is so worthy of hatred as the ruinous and distressful bush fire. Why not end it, seeing that the methods are so ready to the hand ? • • • • The State needs a League for the Doubling of Incomes. It would find an enormous scope for work. But the men who have the secret are so busy doubling their own incomes that they have no time to work for the unfortunate millions who arc in the darkness. Perhaps some ener getic insurance company will come to the State's assistance. It could develop a new line of business, undertaking—in return, of course, for the usual premiums—to show its clients how to become decently organised. This is not a ques- tion of going early to bed and saving gaslight, or living on porridge and saving grocers' bills. "Punch" assures gas companies and butchers that their accounts will be larger and more promptly paid under the new order of things. It is merely a question of organisation and commonsense. It very closely concerns the Forests and Health Departments, which have such important possessions as the forests and the public health to conserve, improve and de- velop ; but it very closely concerns every other public activity also. For instance, it concerns the plumber. England and America have long ceased to have leaky pipes, bad baths and bad gas jets. Plumbing in those countries is fifty per cent. further advanced in efficiency and or- ganisation than in Victoria. It concerns the churches, the schools, the factories and the homes. It means relentless war against para- sites, over-eating, under-eating, over-work, under- work—everything that is uneconomical. A bright wclcome awaits the great organiser—the Na- poleon of Peace. But the real future belongs to the people who do not wait for such a leader, but individually sets out on the road to the Perfect Organisation. 