THE CHERRYVILLE URE. FIRE FIGHTERS OUT ALL. NIGHT.. RABBITS AND FOXES HATTE A BAD TIME. RAIN EXTINGUISHES OUTBREAK. The 'residents of Cherryville spent an anxious time on Friday night with the bushfire raging all round their homesteads and orchards. Every available man and boy in the district spent the whole of the night clearing fire trails for miles and lighting check fires. These trails extended from Mr. Wye's place on the Government blocks, about a mile south of the vice- regal residence at Marble Hill, to the Eiver Torrens in the north. At times the fire presented a beautiful sight, flames being seen twice as high as the gum trees, and when.heavy undergrowth was encountered the fire leaped great distances, while rolling logs which got away from the fire- fighters _ careered down the steep sides of the gullies, and would set fire to an entire hillside in a few minutes. At times the çangs of men fighting the flames were con. tronted with great dancer, and more than once had to beat a hasty retreat to a place of safct}'. Once they were nearly trapped. The district from Cherryville to Forest Range is noted for the large number of rabbits which find their home in the luxuriant undergrowth in the fertile gul- lies,, and these creatures had a particularly bad time. At one time dui/ng the night the fire skipped a patch of heavy under- growth in which the rabbits had taken refuge, and these animals ivere heard squealing in a terrified manner as the flames at last got into the undergrowth; but in a few minutes it was all over. Several foxes were also Been, and these, too must have perished. Fifty head of cattle on the Fernhurst Estate were rounded up and driven^ for safety to the Montacute flats on the Sixth Creek. Manv miles of fencing were de- stroyed, and the fire-fighters were still hard at work on an almost hopeless task when the thunderstorm passed over the district. Rain fell so heavily that in ten minutes all the residents' troubles were at an end, and they were able to rest from their labors. The oraneerics of Messrs. Arthur Bungey and Brooks suffered severely, but the trees were saved. During the night the firefighters were able to obtain a plentiful supply of oranges, which were very acceptable. A BATTLE WITH FLAMES AT YANKALILLA. YANKALILLA January St.-On Friday afternoon Messrs. A. and J. Wayland. em- ployed by Mrs. A. Wood, of Woodvale, near Yankalilla, were engaged in burning off the dry grass from a piece of level land used in drying currants from Mrs. Wood's extensive currant vineyard. Suddenly a strong breeze sprang up, and before the necessary steps could be taken to prevent the fire spreading it had taken a firm hold of the grass in a neighboring paddock, and was travelling rapidly in the direction of the township, about three miles distant. Recognising immediately the imminent dan- ger, Jkir. J. .Wayland proceeded to the township for the purpose of organising a fighting party. He was successful in secur- ing the services of the grinding team at the local bark mills. Mr. F. iiewman's trolly was soon made ready to convey the men to the scene of the fire. The grind- ing team was supplemented by four or five volunteers from the township. By the time the men reached Woodvale, the fire had travelled over'a considerable area of country] and was well into the dense scrub in the neighborhood. The fighters were ¡quickly told off into groups, and after a ¡couple of hours' strenuous battling, the ¡progress of the flames in the direction of the ¡township was effectually prevented. Pre- cautions were taken against the fire dam- aging the valuable apple gardens and larg» orangery connected with the estate. The damage was confined mainly to grass and fences. The wattle plantation was not en- tered, though a good number of the trees in other paddocks were destroyed. The Woodvale property is joined by "the proper- ties of Messrs. ;F. Newman. H. Pearce, and G. Backshall, and the fire was not per- mitted .to spread to any of these, as the paddocks in some instances are well covered with dry grass. Mr. Wayland is deserving of commendation in regard to the speedy alarm he raised. The following deserve mention for the valuable aid they rendered: -Messrs. F. Newman. W. Coote, W. Pol- lard, B. Dixon. F. Clarke, T. Bowyer, M. Kelly, and.E. Kieszling. Mounted-Constable R. J. White wa« communicated with, and proceeded from Norman ville to the fire. 