Wail. (From our Correspondent.) Mr J. Barber, Mr Palmet, and Mr Blaud have all had influenzi, but are now recovering after having had a few bad days, ?Master Harold Milne, wo regret to say, suddenly developed diphtheria on Satur day last, aud was kindly motored by Mr W. Guest to Dr. Keid's hospital. He is, we believe, not in grave danger. Several in ire snakes have been kille I. One was discovered in Mr F. W. Sall mann's pantry, whdre it had kuocked down a cup. On investigating the cause Mr Sallmann's son saw the snake disap pearing in a hole in the plastered wall, and sealed the opening with cement, iu the hope that there is no other means of egress. If such is the case the reptile may live in his prison for a year or two if it- can get air— especially so if it be a cool place — gradually growing weaker. These creatures have marvellous tenacity of life in such circumstances, owing to their habit of hibernating. The plantation is now well protected against bush-fires, as the valuable fenc ing 1ms had a wido fire-break cleared right along the whole extent. The dry weather has favoved an excellent clear ance of fallen lo»S( etc. The planting season could not, of course) be a success this year. Wall people are pleased to k.iow that Messrs Sailmann and Harders have gained so many valuable prizes at vari ous shows'with their stock this seison. Farmers have begun to purchase large quantities of. hay, which is brought by train, and last week Mr John Barber re moved nearly 38 tons of hay to his home stead. The Messrs Menzel got some prior to this. This is a proof of the ef fects of the drought. Mr Cements intends to cut part of his crop for hay this week, and Mr G. Hut chinson may strip some oats. We are informed that Mr Blythman, railway employe, of Wail, is shortly to he promoted to the position .if nanger. Mrs lily: liinan has been in charge of the sta tion, aud has given universal satisfaction. While being pleased with Mr Blythnmn's advancement, we regret r.ne loss or the family from the place. In connection with church aud social affairs they have also taken a worlhy part. Wail beat Pimpinio at tennis by 39 games, the scores being 43 to 82. Kal kee has beaten AVail. This is a notable victory, as Wail had not been beaten by any club, and went through the first two seasons without a defeat. Scores were : 70 games to 50. Mr Crebbin will conduct the next drill at Pimpinio instead of Wail. Your cor respondent does not lfuow on what date ; probably next AVednesday. ? Yesterday (Thursday) our correspond ent wrote as follows : We regret to say that it is reported that Mr C. B. Peta cliel is seriously ill with pneumonia, con tracted after an attack of influenza. He is at boirje under the care of a trained nurse, and receives medical attention from Dr Phillips There is a fair prospect of raiq falling, as the barometer is low, with cloudy, sultry weather and wind froi'n the north, but \vo have been disappointed so often that we do' not place much reliance on appearances, though' wo are ipost anxious to have a fall. 