DISASTROUS BUSH-FIRES. THOUSANDS OF SHEEP ROASTED: BEAUFORT RESIDENT FATALLY INJURED. A bush fire which broke out at Mawallok on Friday afternoon, and swept the Stockyard Hill and Skip- ton districts, proved the most dis- astrous ever experienced in the dis- trict, it burned itself out at Bailey's Creek on Saturday morn ing, after having devastated, some 18 miles of country. Fanned by a fierce westerly breeze, the flames spread with remarkable and alarming rapidity. Several home- steads were demolished, together with many miles of fencing and grass, while thousands of sheep per- ished. Mr R. C. Bell, of Skipton, travelled over the fire-swept area in a motor-car, and he estimates that the fire covered 50,000 acres. The fire swept through St. Enoch's and crossed the Skipton- Stockyard Hill road. It went in an easterly direction across country past Mount Emu. Early in the day, on its southern boundary, the devouring element crossed Mount Monmouth, and got close enough to threaten the township of Skipton. About 8 p.m. the fire was fiercely sweeping in a direct line to Linton. The Stockyard Hill farmers on the northern end of the fire had an anxious time. About 100 acres of grazing land on Mr C. Exell's pro- perty was passed over by the flames. Mr G. Dunnett's homestead was sur- rounded by fire, and one of its out- buildings, containing two binders and a waggon, were consumed. The danger to those on the north side of the fire was averted by a thunder- storm, followed by a shower. On the eastern side the residents evidently did not get sufficient rain to be of use, as at 8 p.m. the fire was not under control these. A haystack containing ten tons was burnt on St. Enoch's Estate. The homestead had a close call; but the men put up a splendid and successful fight, saving the situation by burning a break for half a mile on the west- ern side. Three times the fire beat the men, and they gave up all hope of saving the building. From the locality where the fire started to where it was raging at 8 p.m. it must have covered fully fifty miles. At tne Monmouth Estate practi- cally everything but Mr D. Stew art's homestead was destroyed. There was a desperate struggle with the flames. Mr Stewart had from 150 to 200 sheep roasted alive or hopelessly maimed, and has also had to shoot numbers of injured cattle. The damage to grass and fencing was very extensive also. The close proximity of the fire to the home- stead can be gathered by the fact that on the western side the build- ing became ignited, the verandah posts were charred, and all the iron-work twisted with the heat. Several outbuildings were demolish ed. Close to his house Mr Stewart had several elevated tanks, into which water is pumped from an ad- jacent lake. To this water supply he owes the salvation of his residence, for the fire-fighters were enabled to play water on the house by means of a hose whenever it caught fire. On the previous day the tanks were empty, and Mr Stewart only had them filled on the morning of the fire. Considerable damage was caused at Mr A. Slater's station. After tra velling through Pretty Towers, the fire was responsible for great havoc on the Mount Emu Station. Home stead and contents, along with most of the other buildings, were des- troyed, and of some 13,000 sheep only about 6000 can up to the pre- sent be accounted for. Great difficulty was experienced in saving the house of the manager (Mr Whittaker). One farmer on the plains who lost his house and stacks is assumed to have been away from home, as no one was seen about the place at the time of the fire. Miles of country present a desolate picture to the eye, and the damage to grass and fencing and the destruction of live stock, fences, and houses must run into many thousands of pounds. After the Langi Willi Station had sustained much damage as the result of the fiery visitation the wind veer- ed to the south-west, and carried the flames towards Mortchup. Hereabout those who sustained the greatest losses were:— Messrs O'Meara Bros., Shepherd, Kennedy, Shields (his un- insured dwelling and contents, and two seasons' haystacks), Mrs M'Don- ald (all buildings except a buggy shed containing a vehicle, three hay stacks and some 80 sheep). Mr Sim- ister's homestead was saved after a hard fight, but his haystacks disap- peared; Mr Ringin's property was burned out, and was not insured; Mr Coster's residence was saved, but he lost two large stacks; Mr M'ln- tosh managed to save his dwelling, but two grain stacks, uninsured, were consumed. At Mortchup the (Presbyterian Church building was ruined; and the outbuildings at the State School demolished. The post office was un- harmed. At Chepstowe the fire made destructive progress. Mr Roller's property was consumed in its en- tirety. The house and contents were covered by insurance, but not so the hays-tacks. Mr Oddie lost about 400 sheep, and of 3000 belonging to Mr M'Cook very few remain. Here the homestead and haystacks were saved. The Carngham Station did not es- cape. Several outbuildings were burned down. The dwelling became ignited, but the flames were com- bated successfully. The Carngham cemetery was swept. At Madden's flat Cr Lewis' homestead, outbuild- ings, and haystacks were consumed, and many sheep perished. The fire, after travelling as far as Bailey's Creek, burned itself out. During its course many bridges and culverts were destroyed. Rough estimates of losses are as follow:— Mawallok Estate; 500 acres of grass; St. Enoch's, 2000; Mr A. R. Slater, Skipton, 1200; Mr D. Stewart, Monmoth, 1000; Mr T. Hannah, Stockyard Hill, 400; Mr G. Dunnet, Stockyard Hill, 200; Mount Emu Estate, 3000; and Tra- walla Estate, 2000. Numbers of sheep and large quantities of fencing were also lost by most of the land holders named. Most of the live stock were saved owing to the vigi- lance of the fire-fighters. As much of the country affected is plain, and the grass long and dry, and the wind, strong, the fire was hard to check in its rapid progress. 