BUSH FIEES. OTWAY FOREST ABLAZE. FARMERS LOSE THEIR HOMES. STOCK AND HAY DESTROYED. BEECH FOREST, Friday-The Otway Forest is ablaze. The Beech Forest township is now practically saved.Tlie new settlement of Wyelangta suffered severely. The follow- ing lost their homes: Mr. SOLAN. Mr. PARSONS. Mr. KENDRICK. ' Mr. Sandwith Mrs. TROY. There were extensive losses of grass, fences, and timber. Mr. McCashney lost 100 blackwood logs, and his sawmills. All the residents have had a very anxious time. Splitters have also sustained losses of cut timber. ' 1 Messrs. Barrett, Wilson, Nolan, Bu- chanan, Gilbert, Robbins, and McMinn had their stacks burnt. Mr. Hall lost hay and sheep. Knott's timber stacks at Ferguson siding are in danger, and a gang of men has been watching them for two days. Rain is badly needed. The telephone line between Beech Forest and Colac is blocked, mid, with that service interrupted, full particu- lars of the losses are not available. GALLOP THROUGH FIRE. 1,500 ACRES OF GRASS BURNT PENSHURST, Friday.-The bush Are which broke out at Tabor, and swept through the properties of Messrs. Grosser, Albert,- Bulger, and Mirtschins, destroy ing 1,500 acres of grass and a few miles of fencing. The haystneks were saved with difficulty. A straw-stack at Mr. Mirtschcnes's was burnt. Mr. P, Archbold, who was engaged tak- ing gravel out of a pit, had to gallop his horses out of the fire area in order to save them. The fire went thiough the German Cemetery, destroying the railings around the graves. Over 100 firefighters turned out, and eventually extinguished the fire. Three fine plantations on Mr. F. Burger's property were destroyed. SMOKE OBSCURES TRACK. OLD RESIDENT KILLED. TALLANGATTA, Friday.-Mrs. Reuben Williams, an old resident of Talgarno, was buried yesterday. On the evening of, Wed- nesday she was driving home from Albury with her son Samuel. When nearing home the trail was obscured by smoke from bush fires, and she said to her son. "You are off the track, Sam, pull over. The instructions weir obeyed, and the buggy went over an embankment. Mrs. Williams was seriously injured, being picked up in a dying condition, and she never spoke again. APPLES SCORCHED ON TREES. HURSTBRIDGE, Friday.-The bush fire which has been burning in the vicinity of Queenstown for the past week still continues to cause great anxiety to residents in that neighbourhood. It is burning in the ranges and timbered hills., and with every breeze breaks out afresh. and sweeps out on the cleared land, causing great damage to fenc- ing and grass. Yesterday a northerly wind sprang up, and carried the fire in the direction, of Mr. Hewitt's property. Willing workers, however. Were quickly on the spot to battle with it, and after a strong fight checked its progress. To-day a strong north wind started, and the fire was anxiously watched all day. A number of firebreaks have been burned, and it is hoped that they will help to prevent further dam- age being done. There is no feed left over miles of country, and fencing has been de- stroyed in every direction. Some orchard ists at North Queenstown had the most of their apples scorched on the trees. It is reported that £600 worth of apples were de- stroyed. Only a good shower of rain can put the fire out; 'in the timber country. FIGHTING-' THE FLAMES COLAC Friday. - For over a week the settlers have been waging an unequal fight against great fires in The forest to the south of Colac The prolonged spell of hot weather has dried everything and when a fire occurs it travels with great rapidity On several occasions timing the past few days the inhabitants of Beech Forest have had to make determined efforts to save the township and today they had another battle fortunately with success Up till to day no homes were burnt but the climax came this afternoon when The Change oc cured the strong wind fanned the flame, into great walls of fire which swept down on the settlers at Wyelangta and licked up their homes in a few minutes Among those who lost then homes was Mrs Troy.) Her case is a particularly sad one, as only, a fortnight ago she lost her husband through a tree fell upon him and an appeal for assistance is being made for her. Many miles of fencing grass and stacks of timber have been destroyed TOOLANGl Friday -the bush fires are raging throughout the whole of this dis tirct In many cases work has to be sus, pended and it is only through the work of many willing hands that several places have been saved. The place is enveloped in dense smoke. Serious damage has been done to fences Though the fire fighters are hard at work, the fires are still continuing GRASS AND FENCING BURNT HAMILTON, Friday - An extensive fire occurred today in the Tabor district when a considerable area of grass and a large quantity of fencing were burned The prin cipal suffers were Messrs J Burger E .Scholtz, S Albert, J Mirtschin and E. Grosser Mr Mirtsehins house narrowlv escaped being burned The fire is still burning but is fairly well under control The weather continues extremely hot and there is no appearance of any change STACKED TIMBER DESTROYED TRARALGON; Friday -THe bush fires entered the properties of Messis J T and John Dunbar on the Traralgon Creek but were checked before much damage had been done On the old melbourne road near the town considerable damage was caused to Mr J Dwyer property where close on 500 acres of grass and considerable fencing weie burned Fires are also burning in the hill country at Glengarry and Tyers The worst sufferers are the farmers at Callignee and Carrajung where the fires have a thorough grip of the heavily tim bered forests and havoc to property is still being wrought At Callignee Mr G Ficks property has been completely swept of grass and fencing Mr W Macdonald lost between 20,000 mid 30 000 palings which bad been split ready for carting to the railway station Two of his men also lost their tents and belonging, At Gorman dale the fires are burning fiercely and some of the roads are almost impassable Mr Willis has lost his grass and Mr Power a stack of hay DAIRYMEN'S LOSSES YARRAM Friday - Tradesmen could not get to Wonwron from Yarram yesterday on account of fires along the road while the butter factory waggon was blocked at Blackwarri and had to return with but half a load the show place of the dis trict Tarra Valley is stated to have lost much of its beauty and where lovely ferns once flourished nothing is kit but black ened ruins The bush fires are causing con cern at Staceys Bridge A big fireraiged at the back of the sand quarry in the tim ber reserve Messrs James Cotter and P Kallady have lost grass and fencing At the top of MAx Creek the fire is stated to be a mile wide and Mr W B Roberts place is in great danger Mr J B Davis has also lost a quantity of grass. Dairy men are losing heavily and the industry is receiving a serious set back on at count of all the available grass being burned SUPPLIES CUT OFF FOSTER Friday -The Foster Butter Factory Companys cream waggon was forced to turn back on the road to Boola rong this morning being blocked by fires beyond the Franklin Bridge This will practically cut settlers off from supplies as they depend on the cream waggon for nearly everything especially bread and meat. On the Mirboo road at Rumbug the Misses Leishman after bravely fighting the flames for two days were attacked by an other outbreak which burnt right through their orchard and garden up to the veran dah of the house also setting fire to the outbuildings in several places Messrs Robinson and C Morton arrived on the ' scene just in time to render assistance and the fires were subdued. It was not before Miss L Lieshman had been scorched about the face and her hair singed by the flames Messrs Power.M Currigg and other far mers. Met at Foster North have had hard struggles to save their houses and have only been successful by the willing help of neighbours who turned out in large numbers Many of them have not been to bed for two nights HAY AND CORN STORE BURNT HORSIIAM Trida. -A serious outbieal of fire occured shoitly latter noon to iia\ when Geilucli Bios hay and corn store and seveial stacl s containing about 700 ton. of hay Mere destiojed The file the ongin of which is a my story stalled in the centre of the building which contained a quintit*, of chaff and grain mid it quickl) spiead to the stacl s at the real The bri glide was quicl ly on the scene but the file had a stiong hold and the bngade being hindicapped by a pool presume of water was unable to do anjthing towards suing Gctlich Bros propeit) The firemen duceted then efforts to preventing the file spreading to Noske Bros floiu null which wits bepaiatcd fiom the bin mug budding bj I the railwii} line Hie slocl of Geilucli Bios «Inch included waggons and chuff cutting plant was insured for £2 000 m the South Bntish Insnianco Co ' OTHER REPORTS BELGRAVE Thursday. - RThe continu oius heat has caused bush fires around the district though so far the township has escaped At Belgrave South on Tuesday last strenuous efforts saved the farm and orchaid of Mr F Giles A mole scnous outbreak threatened destruction to Messrs Coppell s Mills s and Chapmans's houses to day The fire begun in Mills property and rapidly swept up the bushy slopes of the Government reserve which was recently subdivided into week end blocks At the time of writing no houses had been burnt BALLAN, Friday - Fires are still raging in the forest to the north of Ballan and the township of Blakeville is almost sur rounded. These fires have travelled over miles of country, and destroyed much valu able timber. At Greendale a large area of the forest is in flames but up to the pre sent the firefighters have been successful, in beating the fires back from the open country. BUNYIP Friday -At midday a fire broke out in a scrub paddock at the rear of Mr AIf Sheriffs house The flames were within a few yards of the house before Mr Sherriff noticed them and he experienced great difficulty in saving Ins dwelling from destruction OMEO Friday -The longest continuous spell of hot weather experienced at Omeo for many years occurred this week when the temperature ranged from 94 deg to 97 deg The town was enveloped in smoke from bush fires in the back country A few haystacks fences and grass paddocks were destroyed Thousands of rabbits were burnt in the log fences close to the town ROSEDALE1 hursd-iv - The hush fires still continue in the Rosedale distuct al though thev have not done much dinnge U Cow«-in the lues have come down from the lull« mid spiead on to the flats and the men of that district nre having n busy time Ah lognrlv was mun ed while file fighting at Cow «an At AVillung Messis Tarlev Bros lost a miinlitv of gins» and Mi leelv had some of his grn/mg land swept A gool deal of bush countiv about Alerri man s Ci eel ind the adjacent lull*, has been devastated but nothing mole sei lons than fencing -ind a quantit} of grass has been destroved TOORA Tndav -The bush fires were within -i shoit distance of the township AIes=rs le.ch Bros and Bindings pioper ties have been burnt and the gieatei por don of the count, v between heie ind ATor well wns leported to be in flames Hie Clown linds bailiff (Air Clemson) went to asccitain whcie lelief might be wanted 11 e houses of Ah lohn Scales and Mi Albert llumiihrevs were destroved TRENTHAM iidiy - In the stretch of bush counto between Blnelwood (Red Hill) und 1 ist Trentham fires have been laging fiercelv foi the p ist few» (lavs At the A anl ee Reef a four roomed dw ellmg owned bv 3 dwaid A\ lllmms and uninsured w -is sw ept awnj ev en the fruit trees in the g irden 1 nine stripped bai c WANDONG Thursday - Dining the past two divs the whole district lins been encircled bv fires and the ltmosphcre sur chinged with dense smoke .'onie of the fotest fires are situated in isolated and very sp-ir-elv populited pnits of the ranges iwaj to the cast and no1 th east but one luge file is burning a few miles north of this township combating which at least one hundred men have been hard nt work saving houses and othei piopeitj but miles of fencing ind a great nrei of grass have been destroved YARRAM. Friday -On Wednesday even ing a fire occurred at MR T P Schmidts homestead at Madalya. which will in volve a heavy loss By some unknown means a fire broke out in a haystack adja cent to Mr Schmidt's cheese factory and house His cheese factory soon caught fire and the new building and plant together with three tons of cheese were destroyed There is a small insurance on the property The house was saved with considerable diffi culty _ 