The War of Nations Without AND THE POLITICAL WAR WITHIN—FACTS FOR THE CONSIDERATION OF THE ELECTORS PALACE OF JUSTICE, BRÜSSELS An Austrian Sentry on the Banks of the River Danube The hills in the background are Servian territory. Sunday, August 30, and the Austra- lian citizen looks out on the world.. It is his lazy morning. There is no need to just hurriedly scan the war news and then rush off to work. He can take it easy—do a little reading and thinking. A dense black cloud, of horrible portent, has overspread every- thing. After thousands of years of religious teaching, after wonderful ad- vances in education, civilisation and humanitarianism—suddenly every thing has gone wrong. Like a raging bush- fire rushing through standing crops and devouring smiling homesteads, the War Spirit has caught up nearly all the so-called civilised nations and set them at each others' throats. Th world has never seen such an appal- ling spectacle before. The armies number millions. Their death-dealing devices represent the finished work of the inventive genius of a supremely inventive age. What the ultimate cost will be no one can say. The dead will be numbered by the of thousands, the maimed and wounded by hundreds of thousands. There will be widows and orphans, cripples and human wrecks innumerable. The debts al- ready incurred for war preparations ara already stupendous. When this struggle is over they will have reached a figure whose magnitude is incompre- hensible, save perhaps to astronomers. All this misery and bloodshed, this inhuman slaughter and waste and con- sequent want and suffering because an insanely ambitious individual and his surrounding satellites were bent on bossing Europe. What cared they for the cost? "Fire, water, robbers and rulers—these are the four great evils." So runs the Burmese proverb. Rob- bers and Rulers, the German Oligarchs have been both. Now the nations stand aghast at the frightful consequences of their murderous activity. Fortunately for us, and our wives and children, we are far from the ac- tual scene of slaughter. We can merely look on and shudder; send our small quota of volunteers and help a little financially. But surely the ques- tion will arise at such a time, if it never has before—"Why is it that we are so weak and insignificant, so short of men and money?" After all the years that we have been in peaceful possession of this enormous territory we cannot muster up a paltry five mil- lion people. Had it not been for the supremacy of England on the sea any marauding Power could have stepped in and taken possession of our country any time during the past half-cen- tury. The scantiness of our popula- tion and the slowness of our internal development are a national disgrace. A few overcrowded capital cities— monuments of sordid centralisation— and a country- side practically empty. Thousands of workers dependent for their daily bread on the ability of the various Governments to continue splashing up loan money, and willing and enterprising toilers forced to quit their farms in order to escape actual starvation! The spectacle is pitiful— a shocking illustration of the utter lack of statesmanship or national genius in our public affairs. There must be rea- sons for this dismal failure—this stag- nation that finds us at a critical stage not only unable to render anything be- yond a mere fleabite in the way of as- sistance to the nation that has stood behind us, but in a financial condition dangerously near bankruptcy. Surely if ever there was a time when we should get busy and take stock it is now. Looking backwards, the utter folly of Australia's adoption of the long- French (on the left) and German Soldiers on the Lorraine Frontier discredited Protectionist policy stands out with startling clearness. It was our great initial blunder. Instead of making strenuous endeavors to get people settled on the idle lands and encouraging them to engage in the profitable production of the things for which the whole of the outside world offered a market—we decided to start manufactures. Employment was found for the idle workers by putting high duties on imports from abroad. Big, long-established and highly-efficient nations were waiting to send us their manufactured goods and anxious to take our supplies of foodstuffs and raw material in exchange. But no, that would have been too sane and mutu- ally beneficial. It was decided to adopt the protectionist principle, with the Chinese ideal of becoming "self- contained." The cities and their in- dustries have therefore been pamper- ed and boosted, while the country has had to carry the constantly-increas- ing burden. With the mushroom growth of the cities land booms and unemployment crises naturally follow- ed. A direct result has been the rapid growth of militant trades-unions, which has now merged into a strong though largely discredited, political party. No fair-minded man objects to trades-unions provided they act rea- sonably and justly towards other sec- tions of the community. Those who have captured the Labor movement have long ceased to do this. Formerly there was a recognition of the rights of the capitalist and the employer, now there is none. The Socialist creed has been adopted as a sort of religion, and all employers are lumped together and abused as "boodlers, middlemen and exploiters," and a determined effort is being made to induce the public to ac- cept the principle that the State, i.e., the huge and growing official machine, is to gradually take possession and control of everything. Open your lips or lift your pen in opposition to this pernicious policy and you are assailed with abuse and vituperation as the friend or tool of trusts, monopolists robbers and exploiters generally. But the public is beginning to feel sus- picious—to listen cynically to the Labor politician's protests about his regard for the welfare of the people, and to realise that the whole boasted policy may be summed up as Grab and Borrow; spend recklessly, and then when the inevitable crash comes let the Liberals come in and clean up. We had this in Mr. Fisher's case. His "financing" is now rightly regard- ed as a sorry farce. He simply grab- bed everything he could lay his hands on. The surplus revenue, the land tax, the note issue, the State Savings :\\\ Banks—anything that would bring a bit of grist to the mill was promptly seized. Instead of being regarded by any competent man as capable financ- ing it is rightly denounced as a species of political bushranging. The States were ruthlessly robbed that the Com- monwealth might have millions to spend and claim credit for. The State Governments—who were thus impov- erished by Mr. Fisher's ignorant and high-handed methods—had to do the best they could. They had the all-im- portant duties of land settlement and railway construction to attend to, and very little but borrowed money to do it with. Every locomotive, every rail and bolt imported for railway work is heavily taxed by a greedy Common- wealth Government. To-day our situ- ation is deplorable; but let us grasp the real reasons like men and think out a policy for the future. Protec- tionism and Socialistic financing have brought us to our present unhappy, in fact critical, condition. In the com- ing elections let us do what we can to reverse the process. We have the two parties now before us. Labor politicians are feeling very uncertain. Their disgraceful actions during the past 12 months have dis- gusted tens of thousands. When it was found that the parties were so evenly balanced, there was no possible remedy but a dissolution. This could have been arranged for in a friendly manner and have been settled six months ago. Why did the Labor lead- ers not do so instead of fighting, ob- structing, wasting time and money, and bringing the national Parliament into contempt by their larrikinism and disorder? Of course they did not know that the war was coming. Nei- ther did their opponents; but the lat- ter kept on with the public business in the face of sneers, abuse, obstruction and cunningly-manufactured hostility. Should we not give them credit? Is it not time that this party of promisers and poseurs should be fittingly rebuked for its selfishness, its disregard of the needs and rights of State Governments and those outside its own little cote- rie? It is said in some quarters that no interest is being taken in the elec- tions. If anything, the interest should be redoubled. When times are good and seasons favorable a country can stand a certain amount of protection- ism and socialistic financing. It is undoubtedly foolish to do so, but we can only learn by making mistakes and suffering. Now, in the face of the dis- location of business caused by the war, the financial crisis caused by the crazy financing of Fisher and Scaddan and the hardships caused by another doubtful season, it becomes a solemn duty for every man and woman to vote against any more of this socialis- tic folly. No country can stand it for any time—the crash comes sooner or later. Outside there is war raging against an arrogant set of militarists who want to boss the world. In Aus- tralia there should be war declared against the protectionists and social- ists who are retarding her develop- ment and ruining her financial stand- ing. Were it not for the Fishers, Pearces, Baths and Scaddans, and other posing incompetents, we should have been in a very different position to-day. Let us waste no time or sen- timentality, but get back to the safe road and keep there. (J. J. Griffiths, Camellia-street, North Perth.) 