CITY SHROUDED IN SMOKE \----<>---- BAYSIDE BUSH FIRES. NAVIGATION DIFFICULT. Dense smoke like a heavy fog was car- ried over Melbourne and suburbs shortly before noon yesterday by a cool wind from the south. With it was the pungent odour of burnt green leaves and during the early part of the afternoon the haze was so thick that it was difficult to define objects at any great distance in the streets of the city. A bush fire that has been burning between Dromana and Cape Schanck for some days was the chief cause of the trouble. Yesterday broke with a hot wind blowing from the north and with it came the dust. It was an ominous outlook for a scorching day and the thousands who make the Esplanade at St Kilda their rendezvous on Sundays shuddered at the grit that would be stirred up along St Kilda Road, on which many cartloads of sand have been spread during the week. At 11 o'clock however the wind suddenly changed its direction, and a cool puff from the south was followed by a strong, refreshingly cool southerly breeze. Two hours later, how- ever, the air in every suburb became thick with a smoke haze and as the afternoon advanced it became so dense that many gained the belief that an extensive bush fire was raging somewhere adjacent to Melbourne. The shutters on the central lines in the telephone room at the fire station at Eastern Hill were dropping con- tinuously and so keen was the curiosity of the public to ascertain the whereabouts of the fire that, after at least 100 inquirers had been informed that the brigade was unaware of any bush fire, the brigade offi- cial made a request to the telephone at- tendants to ascertain before effecting the connection if the person asking for "Cen- tral 106" desired to report a fire. The rumour somehow was circulated shortly before 3 o'clock that the whole of the tea-tree along the bay front at Brighton was burning fiercely and as a consequence thousands flocked from the northern and eastern suburbs towards Brighton. The St. Kilda trams were so rushed that almost every available car had to be put into running. The electric trams, from the St. Kilda station, were also hardly able for a time to accommodatc the crowds that were bent on viewing if in any way possible, the cause of the smoke-polluted atmosphere. Many motor parties set out on the same errand, and not a few drove as far as Frankston. The Cheltenham fire brigade and the other brigades along the bay front were called out at intervals by some appre- hensive person who thought he saw smoke getting thicker where the tea-tree had grown like an impenetrable forest. It was all a hopeless chase, however, as the thousands whom the bush-scented smoke had attracted from distant suburbs saw smoke whichever way they looked, but there was no sign of fire. The only outbreak within reasonable distance was at Moore street, Beaumaris, where half an acre of tea-tree was blackened. The brigade pre- vented this being a large enough blaze to justify all the commotion the smoke had caused. On Saturday afternoon there were similarly small outbreaks amongst the tea- tree in David street, Sandringham ; at Wel- lington street, Kew, and on Caulfield race- course, where a race meeting was in pro- gress. Only a quarter of an acre of grass was covered on the course however be- fore the flames were got under by the fire- men with beaters. No extensive bush fires were burning within a 50-mile radius of Melbourne yes- terday, so the smoke which hung every- where was carried chiefly from the ranges near Mornington and Dromana. All Satur- day night the glare of the flames resembled red smudges on the black background at the rear of Mount Martha. There was no wind to carry the smoke away, so it hung like a pall in the valleys and about the hills until the southerly breeze yesterday morning rolled it in thick clouds across the bay until the whole of Melbourne was enveloped. All along the eastern coast the bay seemed to be covered with a dense fog through which the sun was a red ball of fire. Cap- tains of the bay steamers had an anxious time. the dense smoke haze making naviga- tion difficult and very dangerous. Captain Booth, of the Ozone, stated last night that the smoke was exceptionally thick along the eastern shore of the bay, and early in the afternoon it was impossible to see more than a couple of ship's lengths ahead. For this reason it was thought too risky to attempt the passage of the St Kilda bank, and in consequence the vessel did not make her usual call at either St. Kilda or Brighton. Once the Port Melbourne pier was left, the officers saw neither land nor buoys until the pier at Mornington hove in sight. the compass was their only guide Captain Pat- rick of the Weeroona, also had an unenvi- able time. The vessel called at Queenscliff, Sorrento, and Dromana, but the haze was so thick that none of the usual guiding marks could be seen. Captain Patrick also had to depend solely on the compass. The Hygeia, in charge of Captain Maitland, had a similar experience in conveying the Irish National Foresters to Queenscliff. The El- lerie, from Ocean Island, entered the Head at midday, but had not arrived in Hobson's Bay at 8 o clock. It is probable that she was compelled to anchor in the South Chan- nel owing to the mark buoys being ob- scured. THEATRE ON FIRE. Through an unknown cause a fire broke out at a quarter to 5 o'clock yesterday afternoon under the stage at the Lyric Theatre, St. Kilda Esplanade. Nine fire- men, with appliances, were quickly on the scene, but the flames were checked with a privatc hose before any serious damage was done. Only a quantity of bags and papers were consumed. CUTTING AWAY TEA-TREE. A contract for forming a footpath and re ni ii mt, the Be tell load from Mordialloc to G u i um is now being proceeded with \\\ ith ii v lew of minimising the danger of fire the council is to be asked to cut away i cotiHi leriblc amount of the tea tree along the io id le tv mt a smnll strip on the railway side and 4ft on the beach side This was a recommendation of the committee of the Chelsea Trogt ess Association which was adopted on Saturdaj night on the motion of uAlcssrs James and AA'cbb RAILWAY VIADUCT ALIGHT. A live ember from a passing engine set alight to the decking of the Railway bridge across City road, South Melbourne, on Saturday afternoon. The decking burst into flames and the brigade was called to extinguish the fire. About 3ft of the decking was burned. TWO HORSES BURNED. A four-stall stable at the rear of a mantle shop conducted by Mrs. J. Conroy, at No. 81 Bell street, Fitzroy, caught fire on Satur- day afternoon. Two horses were in the stable, and they became so terrified at the flames that great difficulty was experienced in rescuing them. One of the animals rushed right into the fire, and was so severely scorched that it had to be de- stroyed. The other was also burned about the back and was taken to a veterinary surgeon for treatment. Both horses belonged to Mr. Graham. The stable was not severely burned. COUNTRY FIRES. MILL HANDS IN DANGER. "BETWEEN WALLS OF FLAME" YEA, Sunday. - Bush fires are raging at various points around Yea to-day, and the township is enveloped in smoke. The fire which broke out at Newry Park last week started again yesterday and is travelling from two points rapidly. At Ginter's the sawmill and several huts were demolished. The fire is now approaching Byrne's saw- mills and yesterday miles of their tram- way were destroyed as well as a large bridge. The flames were leaping 30ft. high, and mill hands returning from work to Yea had to run the gauntlet between the walls of flame. Strenuous efforts are being made to-day to save the mills but the bush fire brigade was almost powerless, and there seems little hope of saving the mill. On the other side the fire in approaching the North-Eastern Sawmill Company's mill at Newry, and if the wind continues in the same direction it will be difficult to save the plant. Apart from miles of fencing, valuable timber in being destroyed. The outbreak occurred at Leach's tea-tree, and much damage being done. Every member of the XXXXX XXXX and Homewood bush fire brigade is work- ing day and night against fearful odds. Late this evening the fire seemed to be approaching Killingworth Estate. Mr. H. Hickingbotham, eucalyptus manufacturer, is a heavy loser, all the gums being de- stroyed. His cart was also burnt. The Yea Fire Brigade is being held in readiness to- night to proceed to the ncearest fire. At Newry Park the property was completely burnt out. At 7 o'clock to-night the fire was threatening the homesteads of Messrs. W. Williamson and J. Macklin and Coun- cillor Wilckens at Cheviot. MORE THAN A MILE WIDE GOB-JON, Fndai -The hot Heather con ditions of to-day reviled the bush hre thought to haie been e .tinguished on Wed nesdni Tudor's paddock, iiheie the rai ages of the former fire eeosed, nas the scene of the second outbreak The Hame*., presenting a frontage of more than a mile, quicklj traterscd five square miles of coun tri destroi mg firew ood fencing and grass In the Homeward Bound propertj a house at present unoccupied belonging lo Mr Paigc, was demolished lins afternoon nord was received from Mi II Calwaj s furm bj Constable Murphj, asking for as si6tance to »ai e the homestead Haung col lected a band of fighters in the township, the constable armed ot the scene of the fire as the Harries were nearlj upon the house After a fierce and exciting struggle, the efforts of the men to sai c the home ii ere successful In order to cheek the fire, breaks extending from 20 to 30 jards in width were burnt but without aiail It was impossible to »tav the progress of the fire as burning bark from the high trecs was blown oiei 100 yards El en a three chain road was crossed, and the fire is no« burning fiercely on the outskirts of Gordon Constable Murphj telegraphed to Ballan for further assistance and n good number of volunteers arirved, cawpped with modern fire-beaters To night the fighters are Btill engaged in their work FARMERS' HOMES THREATENED. BEAUFORT, Saturday.—Last night a fire broke out at Fisher's Hill, between Middle Creek and Eurambeen, and swept about three miles of grass and stubble paddocks before it was stopped at the Eurambeen East fire-break. A quantity of fencing was destroyed, and Mr Matthew Kelly, who is working portion of McDonald's property, had his stables destroyed. Another fire originated in the vicinity of Dobies to-day, and swept through about ten miles of grass and stubble paddocks towards Challicum, destroying quantities of fencing and threatening the homes of several farmers. The fire was still in progress late this even- ing. There was, however, very little wind to aid it, and the fire-fighters expected to extinguish it during the night. Good work was done by the residents in saving stock and haystacks. DAMAGE NEAR WHITTLESEA. WHITTLESEA, Sunday.—On Saturday, owing to the strong north wind which sprang up, bush fires started all round. At Kinglake one was burning fiercely, and was travelling at a good rate. Mr Quirk lost fencing but it was mostly confined to the bush country, and in some places it would do good. Where the eucalyptus distilleries are it will be a set-back to the owners, as a large quantity of leaves have been de- stroyed. Another large fire was raging at Strathewen, and as there are several or- chards in that district a large number of helpers went out from Arthur's Creek to assist the residents in keeping the fire under control. Another fire, which started at Arthur's Creek, travelled at a great rate towards Queenstown and Kangaroo Ground. To-day the fires seemed to be going strongly, but about midday the wind changed round to the south, and in about two hours Whittlesea was in a cloud of thick smoke, the sun being completely ob- scured. SCRUB COUNTRY SWEPT. PORTLAND, Sunday.—Several bush fires occurred in this neighbourhood yester day. Fanned by a strong hot wind, they traversed a considerable area, mostly scrub country. Mr Enoch Tonkin, farmer at Cape Nelson, was the greatest loser. The fire destroyed his house and contents, and also much of his fencing. CONSTABLE'S RIDE TOORA, Saturday.—There are bush fires in the hills in the parish of Wonyip and Woorarra. Constable Thomas reports hav ing in one instance to ride through 20 chains of burning timber. The settlers are active, and at midday there was quite a stampede to get away home to protect homes and stock. LOSSES BY FARMERS. BUNGAREE, Sunday.—The property of Councillor W. B. Clark, of Duunstown, was the scene of an outbreak of fire, which burnt approximately 400 acres of grass before it was extinguished. OUTTRIM, Saturday.—Several large bush fires are burning on the plain country south of Outtrim. There is a high wind blowing, and it is feared that a great deal of damage will be done. FIFTY BEATERS AT WORK MORTLAKE, Friday.—A disastrous grass fire broke out this afternoon at the home stead of Mr Michael Holdsworth, just outside the town boundary. After burning 50 acres of grass the fire extended into the stubble paddocks, and, aided by a strong breeze, spread with great rapidity, the fire being fed by the very long grass. It took all the efforts of 50 beaters to save the homestead of Mr Matthew Ryan, the fire getting close to the buildings, while Mr McWilliams's slaughter-yards also had a narrow escape. Luckily the wind lulled for a few minutes, and enabled the beaters to turdn the fire into the watercourse, where it was mas tered. Had it got over the watercourse the fire would have had an uninterrupted course through several large estates. Mr Holds worth suffered heavily, three large stacks being destroyod worth £500, while out buildings were also destroyed. CREEK CHECKS FLAMES EGERTON, Friday.—Yesterday a grass fire broke out on the property of Mr. W. B. Clark, adjoining the Lal Lal Estate, be low Egerton. The fire burned towards Dunnstown, and a large number of farmers assisted to check the progress of the out break. The Lal Lal Creek, however, gave the fire-fighters a chance to stop the pro gress of the fire, and late in the evening it was under control. About 400 acres of grass and some fencing were destroyed. PROPERTIES SAVED WANDONG, Friday.—The grass fire near the Junction station, caused more damage than was at first suspected. The homes of Mrs J Dain and Mrs R Kershaw had par ticularly narrow escapes, and had it not been for the work of a whole gang of railway men, aided by 27 others, those two properties would have been utterly destroyed. Some of the other property burnt was insured, but the amounts were small. The fire is still smouldering in places. SERIOUS TASMANIAN LOSSES MOUNT WELLINGTON ABLAZE HOBART, Sunday.—As a consequence of the unusual heat and the dry season which has prevailed in southern Tasmania for several weeks, extensive bush fires broke out on Saturday in the districts surround ing Hobart. The greater part of Mount Wellington, including the mountain park and the city water reserve, was swept by fire. On Saturday night the city coun cil's tramways were damaged by fire, and one of the water mains was broken by a tree falling on it. The Springs Hotel, Mount Wellington, was only saved with difficulty and a number of outbuildings at the Ferntree Hotel were destroyed. It is reported that the fires have raged very fiercely in various districts, and that a number of homesteads have been burnt out. In the Channel districts the bush fires are the most serious since 1897-98, when several lives were lost. 