BUSH FIRES. \----<>\----- TIMBER COUNTRY ABLAZE. [blank] SAWMILLS MENACED YEA, Monday. - The fire which broke out on Newry Park Estate is still un- abated. It was rumoured this morning that Byrne's-sawmills had been, destroyed, but this was found to be incorrect. Much of the tramline has been destroyed, and three bridges have been swept away. The owners believe that the mill will be saved. Work at the mills is suspended, many men having been thrown out of work. A large gang of men is guarding the North Eastern Sawmills Company's tram- way and breaks are being made to save the mill. The fire is still confined to the timber country, but is approaching the open country near Limestone and Cheviot, where great anxiety is felt by landowners. If the wind changes to the south it is feared that the flames will gain Killingworth Estate. A fire which started at Flowerdale yes- terday has been stopped. The damage in this case was slight, only a little fencing being burnt. Rabbits are being burnt in thousands. MILES OF FLAME. [blank] HOMESTEADS ESCAPE. TOORA, Monday. - Bush fires continued to ragc throughout Saturday night and Sun- iday, but, owing to the thick haze of smoke and the danger of falling timber, no estimate of the damage can be accurately arrived at. TI), fires at Wonyip mid Woorarra con- tinue I? blaze, but as the weather hae be comofcool,' and an cast wind is blowing,»lheir fierceness jims been greatly minimised. All now,depends upon the weather during the next" few-Maya, when rain may fall, or a «.lijfigc of wind restart the burning timber with- even moro disastrous rcsults to pro- perty: »' ' Moy Pitcairn- dairy-shed and milking plant mt .his homestead were destioycd, other damage being limited to the destruc- tion'', of grass-and fencing. Miny homes weie.savcfi'.onl)' with tho ntmoat difficulty. The.*drivprs or cream waggons are taking much )isk;'in going through burning limber. One'.'drivcr; George Church, lost two of his tyies when, right in the midst of the bln_e with' .-. foi'ii-horse team. In the vicinity of Tôor- (Messrs. Yeomans had 300 acres of long gras? burnt. Aleisrs. Tom, Suinmeis, Hill, find Dawson also suiTored. Along the Franklin Valley the fire burnt fiercely for a length of five miles, destioy mg grass and'fencing. The principal Joscrs were Messrs. li. »I. Henwood, Ben Richards, li mck; Brother,-. Andrew -Wier, James McDonald.) P. T. Chadwick, Agnes, .in«! Si'.Hinell IJiqlhcis, .wlio between them had nvcV l,¡jO0"acres burnt. The view of the -i-prilcro'-sjthe valloy" last» evening was mag ii-fcc-i and unc-inspiring. Eater Teports state thal the fire has ex tc»i".áed to Mount Fatigue. DYNAMITE SPREADS FLAMES. ;; GRASS LANDS SWEPT. $ARR-?A"MBQOL,..AIonday,.- Reports ine'to band¡¡bf il.,devastating,grass fire in lli4\Cóoram6-k district." The outbreak oc i uiij-4 in the vicinity of the quarry, on the Huxham line», and, travelling lo a tent in vvliiuh a quantity of dynamite was stored, an explosion occurred, blowing the tent to pieciA, and gicatly extending the fire. Attempts were made to extinguish the hrfy but the flames quickly spread into ad joining.'nropertics, and swept through Mr. ?Táiji-í'Lynéli's holding, destroying about ¡iOOiacres of "grass ano! a quantity of feneng. -li'.'' C/P -.oldfc'r's ».piopcrty was then in- vaded,-and'the homestead was onlv saved by dint of, strenuous, exertions. The lire burnt 'almost,completely round the build- ings;., Mr, JloI,der lost about 300 acres ot grasa-and f-omo fencing. 'The tire spread to Mr.'R. 'J. Jones's properly, and also to ,th«'.properties of- Mr. M. Kelly and Mts. ¿-iimcs -.Wilson. ; The whole of these pro Jveilies- were.'¿r-ivcrscd, Air. Jones losing v-lioiU a thouklnd acres of glass and a lot T_l ''¡fc'nç'mg;' Ibgellicr'' with about 30 fat M oilier».. .Trtshingifiom Jones's, the fire con W-lto(tiaboiif'500 iicios on Air, AV. Askew'«. _ ... .._..__.Askew'«, liola_fe.uUd-"'simularquantity* ofAIr. HrT. Askcv^'s.'-. ,__ Fortunately the wind changed while the fire was burning in the latter place, and the beatci- succeeded in getting it under ci-trol. The Cooramook road, on one hand, and the Hexham lane, on the other, con- fined the lire to tho propcrlic- bounded by those highways; otherwise, the whole . district would have been swept. The exact extent of the damage has not yet boen ascertained, but it is estimated that fully 4,000 acres of grass and several miles of fencing vvcre dqsjioyed. DAMAGE NEAR TRARALGON. LIST OF SUFFERERS. TRARALGON, Monday.—Bush fires have been raging in the hill country to the south of Traralgon during the last few days, and the distiict is enveloped in smoke. Yester- day serious damage was caused to grass and fencing in the Callignee district. Full par- ticulars are not yet available, but it is known that the fire swept the properties of Messrs. Woolfe and Sons (500 acres), W. Pentland (320 acres), Berryman (159) acres), and Hepburn, and that probably much of the grass and fencing has been destroyed. Messrs. Woolfe and Sons had 1,400 sheep on their land, and they fear that they have perished. Serious fires ure raging in the vicinity of I air.ijiing. The properties of Alcbsis. Joseph l'i I'ci-, WiKon, Rutherford, Strichling.T. S. ( .iumbel!, -serra I, Faulkner, and portions of the propertii« of Messrs. C. H. Lay," M. A. O'Connors, and »Ben-dey have been n'oie or less devastated,"and these persons vi ill be heavy losers in grass and fencing, H was only by dclci-lined fighting that the dwellings of Messrs. J. Pearce, Wilson, C. Ii. Lay, W. Bin ton, and W. Bensley were saved. After the three dry months Hie district is in such a condition that unless rain falls immediately serious con- séquences may ensue. UNTIMELY CHANGE OF WIND. ' IXAMES LICK BUILDING. KILMORE, Monday-A bush file oc , currcd at Kilmore Hast on Sunday after- noon, whereby about 2,000 acres of grasa country and a large amount of fencing wen ilcst roved. The fire, which is supposed to have been caused bv a shooting part), started near the Diy j Creek, in Mis, Aialoncy'i» property, which is held under lease by Air. J. Alow-tt. From there it travelled into Air. O'Shea's, and was pretty vieil in hand, when the wind suddenly chopped to the south. The change had the effect of spreading the flames with alarm- ing rapidity. The fire toro up the hills and gullies in O'Shea's paddock. "The Jungle" was a very dangerous patch, and nothing could be done until the open was again reached. Air. O'Shea's house was almost destroyed, and it was only by sheer force that the beaters kept the fire off it, the Haines licking the walls of tho building. At Air. Allan Hurst's another i-trenuolis fight took place to save the homestead and out- buildings, and it «as by almost superhuman efforts that the men were .successful. A latge quantity of fencing was destroved, but all grazing stock was got aw.iv brl'orc the fire passed. Some damage was also done to the fence at the railway reservoir, winch is practically a new one. The fire was stopped at a late hour when bearing down on to Air. J. Freyne's pio percy. To-day being hot, the fire again broke out in "The Jungle," but it was for- tunately stopped along a oreek. There is, however, danger of a further outbreak should the weather continue hat and diy. Alossr-. «I. Alowatt, O'&hea;, Al. J. Butler, and A. Hurst lost grats and fencing. Some wicep of Air. O'Shea'» were icscused with difficulty. WALLABIES TAKE TO WATER. FIRES NEAR SALE. SALE, Monday. - The town for the last three da)« has been enveloped in smoke but there» have been no fiic= close to the town. The files arc at the foot of the lulls on Government land to the west of Coww arr and Toongabbie Fires have taken place down the Port Albert road,.extending from Hobson's, about nine miles from Sale, through the Monkey v Cicck country, to AlcPhaH-, where they were checked and prevented from destroying valuable proper tics. / So far there luve been no serious louses reported, most of the fires ;1l_Y¡jnft occurred in bush country, where tbey. -will do good by clearing. The smoke around Lake Wel- lington has been very dense, and it is re- ported that lal gc number, of wallabies took refuge in the water near the banks of the lake. The poor supply of water at Sale i« caus- ing considerable inconvenience to house- holders. Some people aro carting water from the river. Fortunately, however, the artesian well recently sunk in Cunninghame street, at a cost of about £300, has been cleared to the extent of giving an inch flow of clear water. This well was shut down for some time, in consequence of the quan- tity of sand it was throwing up. CLEARING THE COUNTRY. FIRES AT CAPE SCHANCK. MORNINGTON, Monday. - Yesterday the whole countryside was enveloped in smoke from large bush fires nt Mount Martha. A wide area of scrub was devas- tated, but no other damage is reported. Around Cape Schanck fires were blazing fiercely on Saturday and Sunday ; also in the vicinity of Red Hill. It is believed that these fires were not the result of accident, but were ignited to clear the country. GRAMPIANS BURNING. ARARAT, Monday. - Extensive bush fires have again occurred in this district. About a dozen different fires are burning on the Grampians between Lose's Gap and Mafe- king, there being three on Mount William. The smoke was so dense on Saturday after- noon that the mount was obscured, but at night the blaze in Boundary Creek clearly illuminated it. The heat was intense, and two small mountain creeks temporarily ceased running. Fortunately the fires are confined to the forest, and unless strong westerly winds prevail they are not likely to reach the level country. On Saturday a fire occurred in the neighbourhood of Tatyoon, sweeping over some of Mr. Lewis's land, Mr. Hinchcliffe's, and part of Mr. Snow's Cariston Estate. About 1,500 acres of grass were swept over, and some fencing and about 30 sheep burned. Happily, the wind was light, and the fire was soon got in hand. OUTBREAK NEAR ELTHAM. A bush fire which travelled over an area of about 1,000 acres between Queenstown and the River Yarra, caused considerable damage. Fences and culverts were burnt. A four-roomed house belonging to Mr. Riley, of Watson's Creek, was destroyed. The fire is still burning back towards Christmas Hills and Yarra Glen. The country home of Mr. W. H. Irvine, M.H.R., was threatened on Saturday. The fire encroached on the property to the ex- tent of between 40 and 50 acres, and reached to within 30 yards of the house, which was saved with difficulty. GRAZING LAND DEVASTATED. BENDIGO, Monday. - A report was re- ceived in Bendigo to-day that a fire at Kamarooka, about 20 miles from here, had destroyed 1,200 acres of grazing and tim- bered land, which had just been leased from the Crown by Mr. Andrew Grogan. This evening a smoky haze in the north indi- cated that the fire was still raging, but inquiries at Raywood and Prairie elicited that the outbreak had been extinguished, and that the smoke was caused by farmers burning off the stubble in their paddocks. BUSH BRIGADES. GORDON, Monday.-Owing to the nume- rous outbreaks of bush fires in this dis- trict, it is intended to form a bush-fire brigade. SMOKE ENVELOPES TOWN. WARRAGUL, Monday. - Warragul has been enveloped in a heavy smoke-haze for the past two days, caused mainly by bush fires to the eastward and westward of the town. So far no serious damage has been done, and it is not anticipated that anything in the nature of a disastrous bush fire, such as devastated the country of which Warragul is the centre 13 years ago, can ever occur again. The dry timber standing on the forest lands was then so abundant that once the blaze secured a good hold it swept the whole countryside and caused enormous loss and suffering to hundreds of settlers. The land cleared by the fires was put under cul- tivation, and what was then regarded as a terrible affliction has proved a blessing in disguise. Smiling farms and prosperous homesteads now adorn the hills and vales which were then covered with heavy timber and almost impenetrable scrub, the home of the dingo and the kangaroo. The smoke now surrounding the town, reminding the resi- dents of that disastrous time, is partly caused by the minor clearing operations still going on, including the charring of huge stumps left in the ground after the devas- tating bush fires had subsided. FACTORY THREATENED. DAYLESFORD, Monday.-The Dayles- ford Butter Factory narrowly escaped de- struction by lire on Saturday. At about a quarter to 12 a.m. a lad named Edwards, employed at the factory, noticed flames at the rear of the engine- house, and raised the alarm. A telephone message was sent to the,town,-a mile and a half distant, and the'nicmborá of the fire brigade, nnd'-al'out 150 residents, assembled. By the' timeï of their arrival two slacks of wood and Rome out-buildings vrcrc binning very fiercely. On one occasion a tree, only a foot away from the building, was in flames, and haa to be cut down. The fire spread into an adjoin- ing paddock, and destroyed several acres of grass. After an hour and a half's fight- ing the flames were extinguished. STRENUOUS FIRE-FIGHTING. \- DAYLESFORD,^ Monday.-A fire broke out lo-day'imti grovvt'i of blackberry bushes on the banks of a clock not far from the Coomoona post-office, and spread into the properties of Messrs. T. Minihan, Pcdretti, Coghlan, and McMahon, and destroyed the residence of Mr.. Willum Maher, who was living about 200 yards away from the post ofhee. Clnldc's Coomoona Hotel was m great danger for a lime, the flames reach- ing to within a dozen yards of it. The homesteads of Messrs. Coghlan * id McMahon were saved only after mo.-t strenuous exertions. Mr. Maher lost all his elothiiig and furniture, as he was away from'home when the fire approached lils house,' , ' ,:,i *» During a brief thunderstorm two stoqks 'in a paddock on the farm of Mr.i'T.' A. Fleming,' of Franklinford, were struck- _y lightning,and a lire began which would have u>na t-crious damage hud it not been for the employees of Mr. ,1. Strawhoru, who were working in an adjoining field. EUCALYPTUS STILLS BURNT. WHITTLESEA, Monday. - Further par- ticulars arc to hand concerning the bush lire which was raging at Kinglake on Satur- day anil Sunday. It was with great diffi- culty th.it the Stale school and public hall were saved from dcaliuction. Mr. Carman lo^t his foin-stall stable, feed-house, and cirt- slicd, and it was only by the aid of willing helliers that the house was saved. Mia. Tuckelt lost a good deal of fencing, and Mi. Newnham, who has a eucalyptus still, had all his leaves burnt. Mr. Rowe, who had just set his plant to start distil- ling cue'.Iyptil-., wa. burnt out. The lite was quiet to-day, owing to the absence of wind, but a large number of trees and logs are burning, and if a north wind rises there will be further outbreaks. OTWAY FOREST FIRES. COLAC, Monday.-Fires are burning all through the Otway forest, and the settlers have bad an anxious time. The north wind on Saturday swept the fire right into Boecbforcst township, but the residents turned out and prevented any .orion. datnage being done. A few miles of the telephone line was destroyed, and the suvv mills had a narrow escape. While the w ind keeps down the fixet» burn steadily, and arc doing good, but the settlers arc afraid of another northerly wind, which will mean a fresh start for the flames, and damage is sure to result. At Gerangamete an cNtcnsive fire occurred, hut was stopped at Hie railway, olhbrwise many houses would have gone. BRIGADE'S GOOD WORK. BEAUFORT, Monday.-Between half past 2 and 3 o'eloi k this afternoon a bush fire broke out m the vicinity of Mr. John l.llia'i. farm at Bald Hill and Sailor's Gully. The fire, which waa distant about four inilcii from Beaufort, swept a considerable area ot eraring countiy and stubble, and finally entered the timbered ranges be- tween Beaufort and Sailor's Gully: The fire waa fanned by a iteadt breeze from the north-east* The Beaufort fire-bell was I rung, and the Bush Fire Brigade sent out a fire cart and a number of men, under the captain (Mr. John B. Cochran). The residents of Sailor's Gully und a fire cart from Trawalla also did good work. The fire, which originated near Dobies on Satur- day and "»wept the country towards Chal- licum, was got under control on Sunday morning. Fire-carts from Buangor and the surrounding stations did effective work. Messn-. Brobner, King, Snow, and otlieis I had their grass paddocks burnt, and qttan-1 titles of fencing consumed. Altogether about 02 sheep were burnt. FLAMES BEATEN BACK. BALLAN, Monday.-For weeks past fires I have been burning in the forest to the north of Ballan. On Saturday word was received that assistance was required, as the fire was making rapid headway, and would soon roach the open country. A large contingent of men went from Ballan, and before even- ing the fire was under control. A largo area of valuable timber and considerable fencing have been destroyed, and until there is a heavy fall of rain further outbreaks arc sure to take place with the first north wind. , , OTHER OUTBREAKS. BALLARAT, Monday.-A grass fire oc- curred to-day behind Mount Buninyong, and swept over a fair tract of country be- fore it was extinguished. CASTERTON, Monday. - Bush fires broke out on Saturday at Nine-Mile Creek, on the Mount Gambier road.- The bridge over the creek hod somo fencing burned, but no great damage was done, owing to the timely arrival of residents. At Warrock the bush north of the homestead caught fire, but the flames are well under control. Some 500 acres of grass was burned and a little fencing Country lying between Digby nnd Port- land was on fire in a doi-en places. No re- port of serious grass or other losses lins reached here. At Tallangower on Saturday two settlement homesteads were in jeo- pardy. The fires here were chiefly on scriib lands. One conflagration t-till -menaces Chetwynd in the north. DROUIN, Monday.-Busb fires have been raging throughout'the district for the past few days. Not a cre.it deal of damage baa been done, the principal losses being grass and fencing. EGERTON, Monday.-This morning a fire at the residence of Mr. P. O'Brien, Egerton, threatened to demolish the resi- dence, as well as the adjoining proper- ties. The flames were noticed by Mr. O'Brien and Constable McConville, and they soon had the fire under control. All the grass in a small paddock, as well as a portion of a paling fence, was burnt. ROSEDALE, Monday.-An extremely hot and trying day was experienced on Sunday. The town was enveloped in smoke from the surrounding fires, which was particularly un- pleasant for the eyes. On all sides fires are raging fiercely, bul so far liavn not done much damage on the plains, confining them- selves-to the timber country and hills gener- ally. The temperature for Sunday and to- day was 103 and 02 degrees respectively. Rain is badly wanted, tanks and water- holes being almost drv. ST. ARNAUD, Monday.-A bush fire raged yoBterday about three miles cast of St. Arnaud. Fortunately it was confined to the Mallee tangle and scrub, which is very heavy in thal locality. The flames at times shot twenty feet into the air. It is hoped thal the fire will not break out afresh to-day, as it would reach the good grass country. , SAWMILL DESTROYED. SYDNEY, Monday.-The Tomakin Saw- mill Company's plant and works at Toma- kin, near Moruya, were destroyed by fire on Saturday morning. The damage is esti- mated at over £1,0Q0. 