EXTENSIVE BUSH FIRES. FENCING AND GRASS DESTROYED. ORCHARDS DAMAGED., RIDDELL, Monday. r or .'the second time this season the dis- trict lia. suffered from a serious outbreak of bushhre. On Saturday it was noticed that the fire which for some days past had been burning on Alount Toowong (one of the spurs of Alount Macedon) was travel- ling by a strong wind in tlie direction of Wouling, New Gisbornc and Riddell. About C p.m. wor reached here that- the fire had already entered the Elderslie Estate, the property of Air. Linsday Wilson, and was going rapidly towards Riddell. Alany resi- ents and members of the bush fire brigade met the fire half way between New Gis- borne and Riddell, just as it had swept the Elderslie Estate and was about to enter the Cumpbell Estate, known as Alanious, but now leased by Mr. Andrew Alurray. A band of about fifty or sixty fighters got it under control, and stayed till after mid night to prevent a fresh outbreak. The lire had travelled about six or seven miles, and the following , arc reported to have lost severely in grass and fencing: — Air. Linsday Wilson, between 2000 and 3000 acres of grass, much fencing and a large stack of hay; Alessrs. Taylor, Smith, Red- lands Estate, Hammctt, Spears, . WiJUims, Alurray and Pearce. A portion of t hi J tire still remained burning on the side of Alount Robertson, which it reached about mid night, and a most disastrous sequel fol lowed yesterday. About 8 a.m. a strong north wind again brought tlie fire out of Alount Rohertson into that portion of the Campbell Estate known as the "Ranges," and from thence it spread quickly into the property of Sir Rupert Clarke. Several times fires from pieces of lighted bark fell into the property of Air. James Williams, and tlie wool shed paddock of Alra. Andrew Alurray, but there were fighters quickly on the spot and stopped these outbreaks from spreading. From Sir Rupert's Clarke's property the file sped on towards Barrow's. Airs. Bar row has a private sanatoroirm and many patients in a helpless condition. Here the greatest number of helpers and fighters attended, and large as the gorce was, with difficulty the residence was saved. Several, times the ibuilding itself was alight. This is the second narrow escape from destruction this residence has had. SiKpeping around the homestead the fire consumed the grass paddock of Air. Jaines Williams. As it approached the old reserve and coming down the hill the fighters over- caTjIMtT Attention was then paid to the residences of Air. James Spencer and Air. J. O. Alelvin, as another -portion of. the fire, was coming down Braemer Hill: rapidly." and it was decided to' burn breaks' around both these places. This was successfully done .before the main 'body of fire came along, and both places were saved. Having sufficient in charge to protect a further outbreak tlie main body of fighters rushed off to Sandy Creek,- as word had been brought that a fire was corning around the nort'n-ast side of Braemar Hill, at a point known as "The Gap." Before assistance could get there the properties of Alessrs. Winch, AI'Donald, Kilmartin, Stranch- mann. Hay an.d Bolitlio had suffered. The last three are orchardis-ts; and great dam age was done by, the scorching of the fruit trees. Airs. Taylor's residence, "Emelton," now occupied by Air. Thomas Watson, was saved by burning breaks around it; and just as tlie fire apparod likely to do great damage to tlie- properties of Air. Crow and Mr. Wright, 'the wind changed,' and' rain fell almost immediately afterwards 