v BUSH FIRES. I -»_ GREAT DAMAGE TO PROPERTY, "a FIGHTING FLAUES EOK l A WEEK. , EXPENSIVE OUTBREAK. ' ALE-RY, Monday. Settlers along a considerable stretbh of tho , Upper Murray country, extending from Turn- , barumba on the cast" to Germanton on the weBt, and Wymah and Jingellic on tho south, are not likely to forget their experiences witn bush fires since the opening of tho present , year. Those fires have boen raging tor nine days or so, and aro without d. .bt the most severo that havo devastated this part of Uio '" State since the terrific fires that spread ruin , over a big section of southern Now South Wales nine years ago. The principal diffi- culty against coping with tho flames has been the severo heat, sparse population, aud the largo holdings through' which the flames havo travelled. Since, tho fire broko out every settler and station band has been actually fighting the flames or standing _ -rd over his , own intorests, and on Thursday' men were taken out from here to hejp in the fight. It has been a ¡time of great worry tor every settler along the fire-swept region, and many of the men have been before the fire's faco for a whole week, without going home. There have been BO many outbreaks within . this particular region lately that somo people . concluded that the trouble was due io In- cendiarism, but wht- it is considered the lato season was very favourable for grass, Chat tho present heat wave lasted six weeks, and that scarcely a drop of rain has fallen in that time, bush fires from natural causes must be expected. Although at present it would seem as though the outbreak was one big , fire, there have ocen four or live fires in all, the main outbreaks being at Dora,Dora, ; on the Murray, above Wymah at Mountain Creek, near Woomargar"ia and at Mundaroo. The difficulty in keeping down the main blaze at Dora Dora arose;from the heavy timbered character of the bulk of the country, through which the fire travelled us the wind carried sparks.from tree to tree, thus rendering ab- ortive the efforts C the fire- lighters who. In the hope of causing a block, hud ,to resort to the felling of trees as fire broaks. In open* grass areas they lia 1 a batter chanco by tiring the grass nheud of the main blaze, but evan this did not answer effectively, owing to the Immensity of the fire's face, and the dufllculty during fhe heat wave of working anywhere near the face of the m-in blaze". During the operations of cutting down tim- ber to make a fire break, Baker Vincent, pro- prietor of the Wymali Hotel, severaly gashed lone of bis feet with an axe. EXTENSIVE DAMAGE. Information received this morning from Wy- mah showed that the Dora Dora Aro had burnt over a face of about 20 miles, that It ' was travelling down the river; and that the only chances of checking it ssould be by the springing up o£ a westerly tuecte or by a. tall of rain. This Hie ha3 been going a week. It has burnt out a big stretch of Hamilton Smith's holding, also Walden Park Estate, and is now raging fiercely in the -hills Mark Steward, living between Wymah and Dora Dora, was burnt out of home, stack, and had a lot fencing destroyed. Ho also lost ' about a hundred tons of hay. William Hole, Waterview Estate, lost nearly nil bia wiro netting fencing and grass, but after a hard strugglo saved his house and sheds. Charles Surridge, who lives above Wymah, lost soma J ol his buildings, besides fencing, grass, and wlro-nettlng- Hamilton Smith, Injtho santo lo- cality, Is one of tho heaviest losers in grass and fencing, but It does not Bcem that much stock has been lost Mr. Lamb, a Dora Dora dairyman, lost 30 head of dairy cows, and several othor dairymen have sustained losses of stock, fencing, and gross Advices received from Germanton show that ' " the fire/in that region is noss burning up to- wards Tumbarumba, and, although tho country la not heavily stocked, enormous damage has been done to fencing. Several buildings havo been destroyed, besides oyer 30,000 acres of grass. Tho, fire'in this section destroyed pío- ' pertyjit Munderoo, Ournie, Carabost, Wallet o gang, Coppabella, Glenfalloch, and Wautagoott. Particulars of tho stock losses cannot yet be obtained, as all tho residents aro too busy fighting tho flames to bo able to go over their ' ' affaire, but a mcsBago received to-day says * that It is thought tho losses of stock will bo heavy. Ournie homestead Is said to havo been s I destroyed yesterday; also many miles of feuc- " lng in that quarter. HEAVY' LOSSES. At Wantagong the fire travelled 15 milos on Saturday, being assistod by a strong wind. To-day tho fires remain unchecked, but as tho prospects of rain aro more favourable, tho worn out settlers are looking ¿o that agency for relief Several homesteads ss-ould have been destroyed but for tho action of tho T.holo" * of the people putting everything elbe .-side so that neighbour could help neighbour. A man named Burgan In Coppabella district lost his home On Coppabella Estate vory heavy losses havo been sustained, and the homestead was saved only after a strenuous fight. At tho latest report this fire was on t)>o Mundaroo West boundary.' 'In parts of tho district bushfire bri- gades havo been in existence for several vears, but the immunity from Aros of lato years made" the people careless about the organisations in some districts, consequently when big fires, such as theso occuned tho salvago work was necessarily not nearly aB effective as it would otherwise have bqen. Directly and indirectly this fire will causa tens .of thousands of pounds' of dam-go. Yesterday Wymah advised that the fire looked very serious, und requests were being mad. for more men and water carts, especially aB the wind was, unfavourable. Later word In regard to tho common outbreak says that Ino "" fire had made big headway, and that there Is such a heavy supply of grpss in tho dis- trict to the east that there is no telling where it will stop. 