A VISIT TO GORMANDALE. (BY TRAVELLER.) Some sixteen years back a visit was paid by the writer to Flynn's Creek (now called Flynn), and an account of the trip was published in your col- umns. At that particular time some of the farmers were experimenting with flax-growing, and the crops were looking remarkably well; and it was thought that the farmer had struck something which would be profitable and enable him to utilise his land to better advantage than the growing of grain crops, the market at that period being remarkably dull, not only for grain, but also for live stock; and as a consequence land was not valued at the same rate as to-day. Unfortun- ately the prognostications with regard to the advantages to be derived from flax-growing were not realised. It was found that the attention required and the labour wanted for its cultiva- tion entailed too much expenditure, and the crop was not remunerative enough to warrant the farmers per- sisting in its cultivation. Old Saleites will remember the "'boom" which set in with regard to hop cultivation, and how the late James Stuart had a fine hop plantation on the edge of the Thompson River, adjacent to Pearson's Bridge. One or two harvests, owing to adverse circumstances in other parts, were fairly payable; but the slump came, and "'hops were out." The whole colony was then in a very unsatisfactory condition. Attention was, however, fortunately turned to the dairying industry, and the results of such, according to the late Sir Thomas Bent, proved to be the salva- tion of the State, and drew from him the amusing statement that, whenever he saw a cow, he was tempted to raise his hat. Land which was avail- able then at very low prices along Merriman's Creek, and between Gor- mandale and Flynn's Creek, is now bringing £35 an acre in some cases, and other portions double and treble what was asked for it some years back. To the ordinary townsman, who has fine roads, footpaths and every con- venience, it comes with a shock when he sees the roads and other inconveni- ences the farmer has to put up with, and the word "pioneer" should be one of the most cherished ones in the history of a nation, when it is taken into consideration what has been done by him in the wilds of Gippsland. The Victoria Cross is given to men for val- our, but one cannot help thinking that the men and women who in the early days took up land in the virgin for- ests, and have carved out homes for themselves, deserve to have their names engraved on the roll of honour. Sir Ian Hamilton, the military inspec- tor-general, speaking at Wallangarra on Monday last, said "It is charac- teristic of the Anglo-Saxon to have a spirit of adventure and a love for work. The pioneer in a country like this has a rough time of it, and even if he does not see his reward ahead he works on, and leaves something handsome to those who come after him. Unfortunately, there are others just as deserving, perhaps, in their way, who do not care about facing these hardships and chances which the Anglo-Saxon is prepared to meet. When the place has been cleared and practically civilised, these others want to step in, and with their habits of plodding industry they very often do better than, or just as well as, the men who started the place when it was wild." We were met at Flynn by a son of Mr. Robert Graham, one of a family of sturdy pioneers, who by their skill, attention and ability have built up homesteads for themselves which any man might envy. We growl in Sale about our roads, but never again. For a portion of the way the roads are very good and flat; but when the hill country is reached, with its grades of 1 in 3 or 4, the work on the horses becomes cruel, and with very heavy traffic and narrow-tyred vehicles they are simply awful. The horses had to walk up the hills, but on reaching the summit the Jehu simply let them go —and go they did. We held our breath, and on to the side of the conveyance, and every now and again a deep rut would be encountered, with the result that we would see the wheels spinning round in the air. We got a mild sensation of Hawker's aviation journeys. But it was the sud- den stoppage when the wheels reach- ed terra firma, that hurt. On the flight down Thomas's Hill, full a mile in length with sharp turns and angles, we fully anticipated landing in the gorge beneath; and it was with a sigh of thankfulness and relief that we reached the bottom in safety, and had time to rub the bumps a bit. Every now and again the driver would turn round and anxiously inquire if we were all there, leading us to believe that it was no uncommon thing to drop a passenger or two on the jour- ney down. We were too busy other- wise to reply to the irony expressed in the question. We were informed that the Main Roads Board was taking over this particular road, and that the grades were to be altered considerably by deviation. This road leads on to Yarram. One great engineering dif- ficulty is the absence of gravel or stone, and it means a very costly matter to keep and form roads in this locality. What, however, has been done reflects the very highest credit on the shires concerned—Rosedale, Tra- ralgon and Alberton. The new main road is to be 26 feet wide, and to have 9 inches of gravel; so it will be a very fine road to travel on. One thing, however, will have to be done, and that is to see that the heavy waggons and vehicles are supplied with tyres of a proper width. There can be no two questions as to the right step the Gov- ernment have taken in forming the Main Roads Board. The Gormandale Butter Factory building is, with- out doubt, one of the finest of its kind in Gippsland. It is a two-storey brick edifice, and the factory contains all the latest appliances for the suc- cessful turning out of butter of the highest grade. It is running at its full capacity; which is sufficient to show the stability and productiveness of this fine district. The company has shelter-sheds along the various roads, and their carrying teams collect the full cream cans, leaving the empties to be re-filled. Mr. Graham has a splendid pro- perty, through which Merriman's Creek runs. Those of us who sit at our meals using factory butter do not contemplate the large amount of work, skill and ability which is required be- fore the finished article is ready to be placed on the table. We had the pleasure of seeing Mr. Graham's very fine Ayrshire herd of over 50 cows being milked. The milking-shed is a large one, and after years of experi- ence everything is so arranged that the milking goes on like clockwork. The cows are driven into the shed, and they at once walk into the bail; and when milked, a gate is opened in front of the bail, and out goes the cow, thus saving confusion, and ex- pediting the milking operations. There is installed a milking plant (which, by the way, is an Australian patent), and Mr. Graham speaks in the very highest terms of it. Being a practical man, before installing his plant he visited New South Wales and other parts, and witnessed the working of many different milking-machines, and to his mind the one which seemed to be the most satisfactory, under all conditions, was the one he eventually installed. The machine in operation worked smoothly, and the cows stood quietly during the milking, and seemed to enjoy the pulsating movement. The herd was all milked and the cream separated in a little over two hours— something different to the old system of milking by hand. No machine, so far, has been discovered to milk the cow right out, and as a consequence the cow has to be stripped by hand —possibly a good thing, too, as it pre- vents undue straining of the cow. The plant is driven by steam, and requires very little attention, cleanliness being the most important factor. Although the machines have now been working for a considerable time, the repair bill has been practically nil. Mr. Graham has also an up-to-date cheese plant, which is worked by his son, and judging by the quality of the manufactured article, it should com- mand a ready sale. To the householder who pays up to 1/ per lb. and over for cheese, it comes as a surprise that the manufacturer only gets from 5½d to 6d per lb. for the finished product. There is a large silo on the farm, and it is found of very great service in the winter feeding of the stock. The chaffcutter is attached to the elevator, and the silo is filled with a minimum of labour. Everything green is cut up—thistles, mayweed, etc.—and the cows are extremely fond of the feed, and do remarkably well on it. The stock and horses are all in the pink of condition; in fact, it was an eye- opener to see the splendid state of the horses and cattle on the creek, it apparently being a matter of pride with the farmers to have their horses and stock looking well. Mr. Graham's motto is, "'A place for everything, and everything in its place, " which accounts for the farm being so pros- perous. Time did not permit of visit- ing any of the other homesteads, but from a casual glance, they all appear- ed to be well managed, and the build- ings, fences, etc., were in apple-pie order, a sufficient guarantee that prosperity was reigning everywhere. We had our first experience of an actual bush fire. Less than half a mile from the township a large fire started in the hills, and was prevented from reaching the buildings by Merri- man's Creek. Fortunately, no wind was blowing, and the sparks and fire were confined to a limited space. The owners of cattle were busy removing their stock, and it was just as well that they did, because the fire burnt out the paddock in which they were grazing. Cattle, so we were informed, were much more easily removed from places of danger than horses or sheep, which, seem to become stupefied, and often rush right into the flames. If it were not for the damage done, and the great danger to human life, there is nothing one can admire more than the grandeur of a huge bush-fire, leaping from tree to tree, and rush- ing along, leaving destruction and de- vastation in its wake. At night the crash of the forest giants, and the myriads of sparks flying make a pyro- technic display of a most fascinat- ing character. Mr. Graham had the misfortune to lose a large quantity of grass through the fire. The buildings, however, were not injured. The pad- dock in which the fire occurred is some distance from the homestead. Many of the settlers back in the hills were, unfortunately, heavy losers; fencing, and in many cases buildings, being destroyed. If the contemplated railway line from Traralgon to Yarram eventuates, the future of this district will be a brilliant one. The land is eminent- ly suitable for dairying, and the grain crops raised promise to assist materi- ally in the prosperity of the district. There is also a fine lot of timber which can be made available so soon as con- venient methods of forwarding to the Melbourne markets are obtained. At one time the churches were great on having tea meetings to celebrate anniversaries, etc., and as a rule they were successful ventures. No doubt they entailed a lot of work, and this latter fact is responsible in later years for the movement being dropped. At Gormandale the work of running a tea meeting is considerable, the home- steads being so far apart; but, not- withstanding this fact, the ladies came from all round with their well-filled hampers, and put in the day decorat- ing and embellishing the tables; and it would be an extremely difficult mat- ter to eclipse their efforts, everything being of the best; and this is not to be wondered at when it is remembered that they have abundance of milk, eggs and butter. The tea, which was the annual effort of the Presbyterian Church at Gormandale, commenced at 7.30, and from thence till 9 o clock the ladies were busy dispensing "creature comforts;" and, needless to say, full justice was done to the edibles sup- plied. At 9.30 the concert started, and a very fine programme was contribut- ed by artists from Traralgon and Sale, with the assistance of a local lady performer. Encores were the order of the day; but owing to the lateness of the hour, the chairman had to pre- vent many being responded to. The function financially promises to be a great success; but the prevalence of fires militated against a large attend- ance. One regrettable feature was the absence of the older pioneers of the creek, many of whom had departed to that "bourne from which no travel- ler returns." Mrs. Graham, sen., ap- pears to be the only one now remain- ing out of the hardy race who first settled on the creek. Mr. Robert Gra- ham, speaking about the advancement made by the Sale Flourmills, said that in the early days he and his brothers used to cart wheat from Flynn's Creek to Hagan's and Carpenter's mills, at Sale, and the roads then were very bad, especially near Kilmany Park. Mr. Eckhardt has made a difference in the milling business since then, and his latest progressive move in con- necting his large mills with the rail- way is one of a very highly advanced character. 