DESTRUCTIVE BUSH-FIRES WIDESPREAD DEVASTATION. RAGING WALL OF FIRE. FAMILY'S GRAVE PERIL. SURROUNDED BY FLAMES. FATE OF FIRE-FIGHTER. LATE MR HANNAH'S HEROIC EFFORTS. "°\o estimate of the extent and damago0 of the late fire in the Skipton and Beau fort district can be glennod except bya visit to the locality in which the fire raged," Mr Dloonald Stewart, of "'.Mon mot," rctarkd to a "Cnourier" reprecll tatteo bt night. Mr Stewart woan r tlluring from n Melbourne. anid spent tihe night In Ballarat. He escolpared the out break to that of the historic Black 'Thurs day. 'the fire. he said, broke out on Mr Philip ltu.sel's "Moawallock" ltneate, midway b?. tween Skiptou aud Beaufort. When it begun a nortiherly wind was blonilng. and the lallmes were spteedily whipped along in a southerly direction. M[r Stewart oh. acrvsed the fire in its infancy. It was mak. ing such headway that prompt mesures were necessary. "Summoning three of his men to accompany him, he set out to tae what sheep they ould at Steneh's and at Slater's, b ring Bank. While they were ao engaged the fire threatened them at close range, and they were obliged to get out of the wary. Suddenly the wind veered round to the wet. Mr Strewart's property then Ibe camne imperilled, and away he galloped in the hope of ?crving his own stock. lie hardly dreamt the fire weold cross the road; but the flames ruethed on, cleare?l the road in a trier, and continued its course at a tremendous pace, consuming fencing and erverything elre that cmome in its way as if they were matchwood. At this time Mr Stewart and his men were exerting themslrves in the hope of gest ting his own stock out-of the way of the fire. Br some fortuitous circumstances the wind again changed Its course, and left his ro perty temporarily sosfe. While he was escaping Mr Slater's Dnd docks wore nblaze, and tahen SMount ?mu. There the work of devastation was pro reeding at a fearful rate of progress, when the wind chopped round to the south-west and earried the fire across to "'Monmot." Seeing his homestead and his wife and family in opardy, Mr Stew art rushed to their aid. Pursuing him was a raging, rolling wall of fire six or ight feet in height, reducing everything in its course, ancl leaving behind nothing but a scene of decolation. l'irst the treem surroundinp the homestead became ignit ed. Pencring in turn offered no reatat anre, and finally the houo itself was at tacked. Prior to this Mrs Stewart had taken the precaution to close the win dows, and this probably saved the build. ing and inmates. '?We thounght we wee going to be roast ed alive," Mr Stewart continued, "and we were prepared for the worst. Fire sur rounded or. and ahowers of sparks and burning debris feis over the stronghold." So convinced was Mrs Stewart that their end was at hand that she urged upon boer husband the futility of going oesisde into the flames to certain destruction. Get ting his twe children with him and Mrs Stewart into one room they for weme time patiently awaited their fate. Soon the verandah of the hoae became ignited, and he could no longer resist the p1cibhility of doing someerrvice. The homuse became like an oven. and all he oreupant rmashed-out into the garden, choosing the leoer of two evils. ven then the propeet of being roasted alive ronfronted them, and Mn Siewart called them together in order that they might all perish together. Tim tlames were then baunding along in a wall B) feet high, cdearing ererything in its Mr Dan. Elder and Mr A. . nasnnah galloped np, in the hope of rendering sme assistanee. He hebard Mrs Hanrtalh maU ant "Danger" and that was the lest he saw of hitt brive-hearted friend for a time. By playing a hose on the ersan. das Mr Stewart kept the fire dowan. while a domestic placed with buckets of water on the side of the house. Shortly afterw-ards he heard a votce ctlling out. "I'm done !" Leoking around, he ?aw .Mr Hannah, and bringing Aim into the hones Mrs Stewart did all ie could for him while the others were fighting the fire. At one stnage Mr Han nah revived, and. characteristie of his great nature, said, "'I'm alright: look after your wife and family and avse them." Eventually thee tnmeerded in -aving the homestead, end they were all on the verge of eollapLs from the awful tension; but they all bore up and stood prepared for any further emergency. By this time the fire was well on its wan to Trawalla, and one man who had h-an endeavoring to save Mr Stewart's cheep wao obliged to take refuge in a dam. Mr Stewart lost 400 sheep, and other losses were as follow :--Mtont Eous 1,000O sheep; M'Cook, 4000; T. IR. Oddie, 100; A. . Blanter. 900; Trawalla. SO;I Mawallock. 1S0. b'ullty 10,00O acres were destroyed at Trawalla. Mr Slater lost 2200 arere, Mtr Stewart 2060, andl Stenck'ha M00. The latter ware forltunate in laeing o sheep,. but all thoeae eared were heavy ltcera of fgia-s and feareing. milrhs f tihe latter lacing totally connume). In the Mort chupt distrit tO heonsca were arnuct oat right. everything being lott. Hole tlhey were taved. Mr Stewart added. could onlt be dearicbed as Providential. lInd the lire occurrcd the lay bheore he wouedd have lost everrything, I?alte all his tanks hadcl run out, hut they were ro pltonishe cduring the night acnd fallowing nlorniang. Altogethcr he rtimnated thwt between 501.000 and 60.000 ares had beewn covered lby the fire. Reverting to the fate ofr Mr Hannah (who succumbed to his injuries). SMr Stew art ttid when they ,?wc him the econd time he wa. almost nude. his clethes has.v ian been bhurnt to tatters, while his in juries were of a shockingly seriouas na tare. A doctor cwas rung up, hbut on his way eut hic motor brokel down and eon ict?-rchty delayce him. Mr llannah lote ti, life in hi. efforla to aav a eauple of lchildren wchom he believedl t,. bt in a burning hculding. Tlce fire ?tiarte at 2 am.. :ad continnce thron~lout thie night, reanching as far as the Carnghac, Cemrnter-. The Carngc aram wooeshled was destroyed. and nothing, but the stanhle at tMount Emu Stationa were saved. M[esr.s Lewis tros. were ta tally burnt nut. losing everything e.cept a bihgy., and the innatcn ot the home stead were obliged to seek the protection of I large dam. Mr I. Bell. of "Mooromong." genermas ly rcamne to the rcer of hisc neighbors and offer aeccnomntcoliation for the cheep and cattle that adl n?raped. 