Country News* BUSH FIRES. 0i:tuheaks7n the hills. ci1err y v 1 li m surrou x ded. On January 23 -volumes of smoke, could !?? ?ecu from1 the oily rising from t ho country ?BoliiiKl .Norton's Summit, and the color .-f tig clouds indicated that a vast quantity of scrub rubbish was being reduced to aelies by a fire in \ho neighborhood. T)io news of the on tl) leak was telephoned to the Enet-End Market*. where « iiumner of the gardeuers living in tlio district wero en gaged in ordinary market husine.*1, ami they were advised to return to their homes as speedily a-i possible, as the ilnine* wore Cguc-iding rapidly, and there was a pivsi fcility of (heir properties bring iMuIangomJ. Messrs. Arthur Bungey and Alfred Mer chant, two of the largest oivhardists in t'ie tHionyvJile -iir-i vit-t, were among t.lm«o in the inarket. nn«i thev worc driv«.-n h.mn- in ]Vtr. Oliarlic-k's motor oar, others making their way homo a* fa«- as they could. They found that the lire hail *i-iv;\tl with nlaviu ing speed, and was t'leii all round the cteeji gullies, containing the best fruit and vegetable gardens. It was not making lie;\dv.\iy on the wc-slcrn side, but on the en stern slopes there was abundant fuel for it in tbo form of rot ton grass, ferns, SooU-h i histles, and low scrub bus'), and the lire buunded forward towards 1'orcst Range at such a pace that nothing but check fires limited ahead could stay its pro gres.*. Every man in the district, and a large dumber -i the women also, as well as boys «nd girls, turned out during the day to , light the names .and the lighting of check tires proved cflicaeious in every instance. One of the gre.Uwt sufferers was Mr. P. rturmeistor, who has f»n orchard in the Forest Range district; it was rejioi ted that- 10 acres nf apple md pear trees had been swept, and that a l.-.rgv shed on the property ]i;id been »ies'i\\-yed. At Cherry vi lie the garden of Mr. Sannirl Bunirey. 'sen., was in great, danger, but the old' gentleman and others pi weeded in keeping, the flames outride the orchard by meeting it with small 'cheek''.' During the day much of 1 :io Land that was cleared by t.lic great bush lire two years Ego was 9eain swept, but there was not much to ljurn. The fire was finally eytinjrui^hed on pjturday by » thunderstorm, wliieh came up with providential suddenness. Through out tin1, preceding nigiit the residents of Clierryville spent an anxious Jnie with the bushfire racing all round their homesteads ond orchards. Every available man_ and boy in the district spent the whole of the Jji^'lit fleariiig lire trails for miles and lighting cheek fires. These trails extondod from Mr. Wje's place on the Government blocks, aoout a mil« south of tho vice regal residence at Marble Mil], to the River Ton-oils in the north. At times the fire Jmvri-nted a beautiful sight, llanies being gecn twice as liijrh a,^ tho gum trees, and ?xvliPn heavy undergrowth wn.? encountered the iiiv leaped great dti-tancc-s, while rolling logs which got, away from the lire; fighters i-arcerod down the steep sides of tho sullies, and would set tire to an entire hillside in a )V-w minutes. At times the gangs of men fighting the flames were eon. iron ted with great dancer, and move than once had to beat n ha^ty retreat to .1 ?plane of safety. Once they were nearly trapped. The district from Clierryville to Forest Range is noted for Hie large number of rabbit-: which Jind their home i\\\ the liiMiri.int uiuWftrowih in the fertile £iil Jien, ami ihese creatures had a particularly bad lime. Ai one tiran ilui/nj{ tlio night tin; lice skipped a. patch of heavy under growth in wliii.-u tlio rabbits had taken refuge, and t.hc»e animals were heard educating in a terrified ncinner a-: the flames ai la-4 got into the undo! growth: liut, in a few niiniitop it whs ;ill over. (Sei'eral foxes were al«o sei-n, and tlicr-e, too lnii^t hfivc. jiei-ished. l-'iny b.;,.l of eattlo. on the F.n-nhurrt Kku'iIc w-i . rfiiinded tip and driven fur «ife-V to tb'/ AJont-acme flats on the Sixth t.*rc(-'lc. ]\laiiy miles of fencing wore de stroyed, and the fii'c-ligliters were stil! hard at work on an almost hopeless ta.^lt wlieu tbc thiindcrplorin pa^ed o\or the dittriv-t. l\ain fell bo heavily that in ten minutes all the. residents' troubles were at an end, and they wire able, to roet iroin their labors. ? The or.t3in.Tie= 0/ Newa. Arthur BHnjrey nnd Urooks eufferod severely, but ; the trees -were saved. - l-urinc the night! llie firelighters were able to obtain a ] plentiful Sfii)i|-lj- of oranges, wiiich were itry acctjiubk-. 