BUSH FIFIES ..DESTRUCTION AT nekton. I FIGETINO THE FLAMES. OF FENCING DESTROYED TOWNSHIP IN DANGER. nf the most destructive bush fire3^„vafternoon district brok^ut 1 within half a y t C of FgSon. It started in the m \- -?iof the old Sister Rose mine, V hero the timber is fairly thick and * Slri in an easterly direction. 1 firfsoon got beyond the efforts ?the ^v residents who saw it, H ea ning strength, it travelled StSmrkable rapidity through , V Ie Marshall's grass paddock. «' large jband of firefighters fire breaks, and it was with s « riihiulty that the dwelling and Tbling Srelayed. A fresh breeze St 1,UP and the fire spread to Mr S f rl S Flctcher's property, where Sentry is thickly^s^d^wiih . linjr gums., and the flatnea reaching \ cp made a terrific rumbling noise, If rose |to a height of fully 70ft. ft I difficulty was" experienced in S 0 Z to savi) the homestead of Mr iScher, which iwas in imminent ^hf fire-fighters were powerless in Jfrefforts to check the progress of J r,rn and it got into the grazing /ofVw. M'Clelland. The Sin* house had a narrow escape, T r<? having got into the garden front of the house. Two stacks in f u, «re demolished. Just as 0 h f t fi / had reached Mr Cantwell's Ifopo y the wind changed to the P ?h p\st and drove the fire back r^n'alain. At this stage the 1 a-ns over a mile wide. The (fames spread /around Mr Gersham 2 ^ oropertv, and after consum- Tdl hi" grass and a lot of fenc- "f iroke into Mr Daniel DeVlin's crass paddocks. Here a stack of , . nnd some sheds containing 20 hags of oat™ and a seed drill were Tspart fron the hay stack was Mown across the road fully 200 -ard away, and set alight a thickly i T ssed paddock belonging to Mr f," lin The fire-fighters were unable to do ^anything further in this Section, so their efforts were confined to the properties of Mr Matthew Mackin, which was In danger \ n elderly lady, Mrs Bright, who is suffering from rheumatism, was removed to a neighbor's house. This nropertv and those of Messrs George Sims and 'Thomas Esmond, were saved with difficulty. • The flames rapidly spread, and got into the Whip8t\ck Forest, and at 8 o'clock were making towards Egerton again. A Jarge band of _ firelighters are hard at work, and it is believed that the fire will burn all night amongst the dense green timber. The property-owners losses are:— Mr Matthew Mackin, 40 acres of grass; 10- George Sims, 20 acres of jrpass', 15 tons of firewood; Mr Gersliam Evans, 90 acres of grass; Mr Henry I.e Marshall, 20 acres of grass"; illWilliam M'Clelland, 80 acres; Mr Richard Le Marshall, 30 acres'of grass, a stack of straw and outbuildings; Mr Daniel Devlin, a srack of hay, sheds, grain,^ and seed drill, partly insured;. >Mr Luke Sims, 60 tons of lirewood, insured; Mr 0. Fletcher, 290 acres of grass', Mr Thomas Esmond, " 20 acres of grass:,. All the abovc-namjxi lost in Addition to grass and miles of fencing. Mr P. Hhillips, president of the Egerton P.L.C., lost a stack of hay and his cow sheds. Last night the fire had crossed the llallan road, and entered the holding oi Mr. Hastie, and was burning in the direction of the Ballan town. If the weather should continue hot it is feared there will be a further outbreak of fire. MOIUAO, Tuesday. Fire broke out here to-day about 10.30 a.-n., on the farm lands. The flames raged very fiercely for the time it lasted. It travelled over Mr Angus ll'Intyre's property, destroying some miles of fencing and several hundred acres of grass. On Mr Thomas Kevin's ' property it played havoc, destroying fencing, also a lot of grass. Splendid efforts were made to save the homestead of Mr Mi'Int.yre, the fire having reached the walls of the house, which are built of stone, and the repeated efforts of (Messrs Harding. M'lntyre, L. Hunt, and others were at length successful. Mr- Ervin proved himself a very generous gentleman. lie invited the majority of the beaters io dinner and shouted all round, and having made a few speeches, the tighterg dispersed. Mr <Hammon<l bhowed his'presonce of mind as he was on the 'phone in quick time and r ang up all jhe centres in the vicinity and warned them to mane preparations for the oncoming fiend. Ail residents were kindly thanked for their valuable assistance. DAYLESFORD, Tuesday. A ."bush fire, between'Blakerville and Bullarto, burned down the poppet-heads 'at the Abel's reef mine, £lso the residence of the owner, Mr Stephens. A lot of mining stores and implements were destroyed. Mr Stephens and his three sons, after much hard work, had their claim go- 1 ! 'g- nicely, a recent crushing of 10 tons of stone having yielded 10oz of Kold. The fire will delay work for some weeks. At 3 o'clock this morning a house on the northern boundary of the . ovm ' occupied by Mr Charles Sy- * inpns was- destroyed by lire. Mr ^ymons » ••• had he™ — T^vi^rr UJ iuo. „«. -"-I had been working at one of and, on getting home at fPwt 12, he went to bed. - At Joout a quarter to 3 o'clock hje was "Jtaned by the baby crying; "and wre to the dining-room to get b feedmrr-hcfiu ng-bottle. hen he optened the door, flames upon him. and he was almost the S Ho staggered back to wrti, 4- °° m ^ hurried his wife X tU0 b{lb .V into the yard. He of tk roused r u ino the ot ' other , » fiy five e mem members o ilf faruil 5 and dragged them out 'puilding, which in a few wa Sr s g - reduced * " * _ ' heap of -o embers. D6 r ied fi '^ Wa8 forgotten in the hurand the ?reat • J at her had at t I'UildmJ 0 r ' c " ent et* the burning J c P g re6Cue The only ?! mrniturc ^ved was a hadhJ • lno '' which tt™ Symone on the temoon Preceding afvTr^Tl standing oh had left t h e i r T h e lost all belo whil n Kings. The builder J.1? • was owned by Mr W. f0 •Wniaf 1 ' £150 in tho Patw hllf •; 1 , uLual Ihsurance Comuc loss "VT ^ n o t nearl y Cover insn'ro i • S y m °ns'8 furniture a In tho ico c'n^ c i"eensland fnsiirfor ^75, but he osticd't ?«- at £160 as a ' P ia ™> was amo Nicies doq^^ / n ff the ar- "I to havl v The fire Is believthe ex* firJ IUPA^AR. Tuesday.- and west 6 n o r f c t , 80ut • h - of lhe ''image J township. The 13 considerable, and Mr A b U6h firA^HEDTTH, Tiicsda v. ^ Stoili-! at prosont glltz raging^bestarted i^vi! T* St : | Klitz about and Anakie. It half a 1111,0 irova in P "• u,,,, ay ltin,!' v ' rai s' s property, on anj! within a short Was ablaz was e - The t m and-towards the forest, t M H C P P F and the scrub was very dry. Consequently- the flames got a • firm hold, and acres pf bush . country was destroyed. Fortunately the land is reserved as State forests, and settlers were affected, but I the loss in firewood and timber -will be considerable. The fire is still ' burning fitfully in the vicinity of the Geelong water works at Anakie, where it is expected the progress of the blaee will be stopped by the rereservoirs. No losses have ds yet been reported. ENFIELD, Tuesday. Bush-fires have beeji burning in,this district for the last few days. Yesterday a big outbreak occurred in the State'Forest near Bald Hills an(Jt Wot Flat, and burned fiercely all day 1 . The fire was nearly twt> miles long. It burned about 100 tons of wood^ belonging to one contractor, and but for the timely assistance of a number of the residents from' the surrounding districts "it would have detroyed a considerable quantity of wood. The fire is still burning. AjVOCA; 'Tuesday. Bush-fires, are raging in the vicinity)' of Avoca, and the Pyrenees are obscured by smoke. From particulars to hand, it appears that the flames are confined to the ranges and timber country, and consequently the damage is slight. George Borland's house was destroved. • , • BiJATJFOiRT, Tuesday. At Raglan on Sunday night a fire broke out *in a shed at the postofiice kept by Mrs Fisher, Before the flames could be subdued the shed was razed to tKe ground, and its. contents—a buggy and jinker—destroyed. It is not known how the fire was caused, and Mtd.-Constable Evans, of Beaufort, has been sent out to make inquiries. 