FIRES. -? I MOTOR WORKS INSURANCES. Tlio insurances on the buildings and coh tcuts of Mcssis. Miller and Co., motor works, Elizabeth street, in which a fire oc- curred on Saturday, iverc as follows:-On the-building, £.00. In the North British on the contents, £1,000, in the snmc com- pany. The insurances on the contents of the building occupied by the Canada Cycle anti Motor Co. and Messrs. Thomas Hoyle ¡md Co., motor builders, .134-340 Latrobe street, which iverc damaged by fire on Sunday, were:-Contents ot Messrs. T. Hovlo and C'o.'s premises,' ..GOO, in the North British; Canada Cycle nnd-Motor Co., £-4,300. in the Imperial and A'orkshiro companies. Damage was done to the,bouse adjoining, occupietl by Airs. Moorhouse, but the contents were not insured. The buildings owned by Mrs. E. Kxjlcy were insured in the A'ictoriti Com GROCER'S SHOP DESTROYED. The premises of Messrs. Smith and Mitchell, grocers, Charman road, Chelten- ham, were destroyed by fire at 3 o'clock yes- terday morning, while the house adjoining, occupied by Mr. W. P. Fairlam, estate agent, was damaged. The building owned and occupied by Messrs. Smith and Mitchell was insured for £300, and the stock for £280, in the London and Lancashire Company. In the same company the building owned by Mr. Fairlam was insured for £400, and the stock for £100. A. Towns, an employee of Messrs. Smith and Mitchell, lived on the premises. His furniture, most of which was saved, was insured for £100 in the North British Company. Damage was also caused to the building occupied by Mr. W. C. Chapman, which was insured in the Standard Company, and the contents were insured for £100 in the Pheonix Company. The cause of the fire is not known. DAMAGE AT BRIGHTON. The office and washhouse of Mr. C. .M. Davidson, 3 Elwood street, were destroyed by fire )csterday morning. ' A spark from a copper is supposed to have been the cause of the outbreak. Two houses in Jîlvvood street, owned by Mr. AA". Smith, wore also damaged.. The buildings were insured for £800 in Hie AUas Company. , BOARD OF WORKS LOSSES. ConsidoraluVdamngo lins been caused to property of the Metropolitan Board of AA'orks through bush fires. The secretary (Mr. ... A. dibbs) slated yesterday that huge fires bad been seen in the board's area last week, and extensive damage liad been done. Along both sides of the Black's Spur road large trees bad fallen, and much undergrowth had been destroyed. Trees Dad fallen across -the roadway, and wires erected by the Postal department had been broken. The clearance effected by the fire had disclosed to.travellers in the vicinity of Myrtle Creek beautiful sceneiv which had previously been concealed. Offirers of the board bad nearly extinguished the fire on Sunday, but it hail broken out again at the top of Hie Black's Spur. - BUSH OUTBREAKS. DAMAGE AT COLERAINE. LIGHTNING IGNITES TIMBER. COLERAINE. Monday.-Onc of the most serious bush fires for some years brokè'otit on Satin day on Konongwootong. Originat- ing from a lightning stroke, anti pushed ahead by a north wind, it made great head- way, notwithstanding that a laigc force of farmers and otheis battled their hardest, not lo extinguish it, for that was Impossible, but to keep it within limits. The fircorigin ¡lled In wooded country, and swept through the timber, which is still smouldering, and icmains u som co of danger, although closely watched. I The fire burnt out about 1,500 acres, destroying in its cn'uisc about 350 bags of oats, belonging to Air. T. .1. Hourigan; 120 bag.s of grain and 50 tons of hay, belonging to Mr. Hodgetts; and 100 bags-, belonging I'o Messrs. Anson Bros. Other sulTeiers were Alessis. 1». Taylor, O. P. Palmer, 'J'. AA . Constable. T. Robertson, O. Brown, Mur rihy, lind O'Kcofe. The house of Mr. Anson was saved with great difficulty, the barn catching file two or three times; On -linda), another outbreak occurred on the opposite side of Coleraine, commencing near Brnnp Brungle. .The,lue.took in its course portions of the piopcrties belonging to the Hángwnrrin Estate anti Messrs. John Mills, David Kelso, and Aim udale. In this case the losses'are almost confined £o grass and fencing, but Mr. Mills's house had a narrow escape. The area SAvept by the fire is estimated at 5,000 acres. To-day the wind is strong, and with the shortage of vvatei fear prevails concerning future possibili- ties. _ TEN MILES 0E FLAME. HOMESTEADS IN DANGER. \- DALYSTON, Monday.-There have been severe outbrcaks.of fire in the Dalyston dis- trict. The dry «pell of weather has fa- voured the spread of bush, fires, and on Saturday, fanned by the strong Avlnd, seve- ral outbreaks spread rapidly, and home- steads were snved only after long fights. An area of 30 square miles was affected, fires extending from Glen Forbes to Archie's and West's Creeks, past Dalyston, Ryans- ton, and Kilcunda, a distance of about 10 miles. Chief amongst the sufferers are Messrs. M. Hawkins (who lost 250 acres of grass and miles of fencing, and saved his dwelling with great difficulty), Thomas O'Reilly, and J. Kent Grahame. At Glen Forbes a large area is ablaze, Messrs. Lang, Charlton (Almurta), Jones and Coadlc hav- ing lost grass and fencing. A fierce fire is raging in the vicinity of Shackleford's mill, where Mr. D. Jones, a man of 80 years, rode through the fire-swept road for the purpose of obtaining assistance to save the home of a sawmill employee. At Woollamai a fire started a 600-acre area known us Fraser's forfeited block, and covered with timber and rubbish. It spread to Messrs. Chris and Charles Sheenholdt's property, destroying fencing and grass. Messrs. Pilling, J.B. O'Meara, Morgan, Frank Densley, James Daly, and J. Kent have lost grass and fencing; while Mr. San- ders saved his cattle with difficulty. Messrs. P. Coghlan, Good, and Brooker, near Archie's Creek, were also sufferers. At West Creek, Ryanston, Messrs. Miles and Alix May were sorely beset. The easterly wind on Sunday turned a large body of fire towards them, and Mr. May had to gallop into Wonthaggi to secure assistance. After a hard fight the flames were beaten back. Fires are burning fiercely on Phillip island and French Island. It has been reported that a big fire is burning near Mr. Duncan McDonald's, at Kongwak. INTERRUPTED FUNERAL. UNDERTAKERS FIGHTING FLAMES Mr. Frank Usher, of the firm of Messrs. W G Apps and Son, undertakers, Moor street, Fitzroy, had a bush-fire experience at Kangaroo Ground, whither he had taken a hearse to-convey the body of one of the residents to Melbourne. "Mr. Roy Apps and myself," said Mr Usher, "reached Kangaroo Ground on Satur- day last at about half-past 1 o'clock. The horses were taken out of the hearse and placed in a paddock, the hearse being left in the roadway in front of the homestead. Mr. Apps nnd myself were at dinner, when a son of the deceased rushed in and asked our assistance in fighting a bush fire, which had broken out at Lilydale, and was travelling at a rapid rate in the direction of Kangaroo Ground. We ran to the old Kelvin Grove homestead. The fire o had got a firm hold but house and outhouses (including pig and sheep pens) were swept away in a marvellously short space of time, 400 acres of grass being also burnt. The heat was intense, and dense volumes of smoke surged round us. The flames steadily crept up hill, and we - Roy Apps and myself thought of our own property, the hearse and horses. We lost no time, and found the flames were half-way across the roadway where the hearse had been left. The coffin containing the body was taken out of the house and placed in the hearse, the horses were har- nessed up, and wc moved off at a brisk pace, sun-burnt, scorched, and tired in the direc- tion of Melbourne. -At one time it seemed as if there was a chance of the hearse, con- tents, and horses being incinerated, but that was happily averted. A large party of men rode in from different directions,and worked Change of Guard at H.M.A.S. Melbourne. See illustration in "The Australasian," Saturday, March 7. courageously throughout the whole of Satur- day afternoon and night in subduing the fire." FLAMES HALF A MILE WIDE. TRARALGON, Monday.—Owing to the continued dry weather fresh outbreaks of grass and bush fires are reported. A fire came up from Stradbroke on Sunday, and a wall of flames over half a mile wide swept through the farms of Messrs. Mowatt, Feeley, Gray, Mooney, McCreely, Timbs, and Robinson, destroying large areas of grass and much fencing. Fortunately the firefighters were able to save the houses and buildings. A few miles from Gorman- dale another fire inflicted very serious losses on a number of farmers. Mr. G. F. Stewart lost nearly the whole of his grass, and will have to dispose of nearly all his cattle. It was only after a hard struggle that his house was saved. The other farmers, who have lost grass and fencing are Messrs. W. Mis- sen, J. Wright, E. H. Missen, E. O. Missen, and C. O'Connor. It is thought that Mr. R. Broomfield's and Mr. H. L. Morris's farms have been swept through this after- noon, as the fire was heading in that direc- tion. TOWNSHIP THREATENED. HJiLC¡RAA"E, Monday. -Sinco Friday night the township has been threatened by bush fires, hut to-day, owing to nn organised effort, the danger from the south side of the lailwny lias been averted. A band of fighters fired a break through Air. Alex- ander's property, and after strenuous work confined the fire to Hie area through which it liad lagcd during the past few dnys. Air. Alexander lost over 200 tons of fire- wood and had about 10 acres of grass burned and n little fencing destroyed. At Upwey tins morning the Kumbada Estate was on fire, but so fur no houses huve been destroyed, though those of Alcsärs. On'-. Dunn, and Helm were in danger. Hazel Ville, the well-known boarding-house, had a narrow- escape from destruction. A break,had been burned, but at 10 o'clock this morning Hie fire broke out afresh in an- other quarter. Alts. Tatham was upstairs with all the furniture and clothing reudy frir a hasty exit if the house caught. A dying spnik set the loot of the poultry- house on fire. I'.ight men who were heating hack the fire from the road rushed to the rescue, but in a few minutes Hie shod was gone, with other outbuildings. Hy drenching the side of the house willi water the dwelling wns saved. The adjoining forest land" of Airs. Alorriss wns on fire, and huge burn- ing limbs.fell across the heavily laden apple trocs in Air. Talham's orchard. Unless min fulls shortly the file will spread, ,as the country is heavily timbered. TRAVELLERS CAUSE FIRE. CONDAH, Monday.-A storm passed over on Friday evening, but only a few drops of rain fell hore. The storm was accompanied by much thunder, and light- ning, the latter setting fire to ii stump at the back of the show-ground. The grass was quickly alight, 'but a number of resi- dents quickly hurried to -the scene, and the outbreak was quickly suppressed, only about un ucic of grass being destroyed. On Saturday ¡i fire began in a plantation near the racecourse, but, being close to tho ioad, two mon, who wore some distance nvvny, seeing the smoke arise, hurried over, and. with the north wind blowing the fire on to tho road, had no' difficulty in staying its progress til 1 the wutcrcart arrived lrom Condah Hills and obliterated the burning embers, so that no damage resulted, .ionic travellers camping on tlie main road left without tcmoving all traces ol their fire. This was icsponsiblo for ¡in outbreak, hut was quickly suppressed. With a north wind on Sunday, a lire started on Inverary, niul swept «ci oss the portion of Inverary Kstatc which lins boon acquired by the set- tlers under closer settlement. Several straw stacks were burnt, and the dwelling of Air. Frank Kinghorn was saved with diffi- culty. A largo crowd of people turned out, and confined the outbreak, hut not before scverai hundreds of acres of grass was consumed. The settlers' fences also suf- fered considerably. CHURCH SERVICES ABANDONED. TUA FALCAR, Monday. - Yesterday bush fires were raging iievecly in several paris of the district. At Childers the fencing and sheds of Alcssrs. Giornimi mid AVnlkcr were destroyed. The services Hint were being conducted by the Rev. A. li. "Mitchell (Alclhodisil lind to be nbundoncd on ac- count of the proximity of the lire. Ncnr Trafalgar last evening' n fire swept over Air. C. Muriuv's propel ty, the rifle range was endnngcrcd, und 30 tons of firewood were destroyed, together with some valu- able growing limber. An opportune thun- derstorm, which began about.4 o'clock this "afternoon, will probubl) arrest the piogress of the fires. 