Din you ever see a ghost ? We ven ture to tell yoti where the unearthly spectre came from — whether, wrapped iir a white sheet, iu vested in blue mist, creeping like a snake, or flying like a winged denion ; whether tapping yon orii the craninm, grinning through your bedroom window, or dancing on the leaves beneath it ; moving a't a respectful distance behind yon r back ; wheiher all head, or tail ; having the external shape of a crocodile or a cricketer — no matter : these fairies are a long and varied progeny of one parent — the offspring of one cause. Hearken ! — you have been abusing yourself ; playing cricket or snooker too much, drinking too much, growling on the cricket field, eating gluttonously after skating, receiving weird corres pondence by the night mail, using tb'e reservoir water for illicit purposes, vexing over imaginary ills/ prostrating body aud mind to the pursuit of worldly ga~in. Perhaps you hare been sluggish, suffering faculties, which' should have been' exercised upon proper objects, to sink tinder the ennui of ignorance and inactivity. You have either done too much or too little. Next tinie you see or hear a ghost,- speak firmly to yourself,- and; w& presutne to say, you will' n'ot Ml to' discover that the spectre brings neither ' airs from heaven, nor blasts from hell,' but jtfst 3 friendly Biuf from your inner-self to your outer-self to be wiser,; and ' play the game ' betted in the future than you have done in the past. bush pires,' — Un banoay flight two large bush-fires could be seen from Romsey. One was raging fiercely over Hesket,- and the other right' out east. Romsey LiVery Stables. — Mr. J. Alford, of Romsey, inform the public that he is prepared to hire horses and vehicles day or night afc moderate terms. Sa£e op Phopert-/.' — Mr. Gr. EV Austin, under instructions from' Mrs. H Nicol, has sold this, lady's well known farm at a satisfactory figure, the purchasers being Messrs. Robb .Bros. Fire Insurance.— Mr. Potter, of the Batavia Fire Insurance Co., will visit ,the Romsey district in connection with the business of this company at ab early date. Woodend Stock Sale.— The Vic torian Producers' Go-operative Com pany will hold' their opening' sale of sheep, cattle, horses, etc., afc their yards, Woodend, on Monday, February 9th, at 2.p.ni. Mr. O'Brien, the local agent, will receive entries. An Affluent Journalist. — An editor who started about tvtfenty years asp with' only 4: T 5s is now worth £10,000. His accumulation of wealth .is owing to his frugality, good habits, ^strict; attention tor 'business, and the fact that an uncle died and left him £9 998. The Geisha Girls?— Au EngHsh woman, who for some time time was in the service of the Governor General of Korea, is tbe^ first white woman to be ^ come a geisha. She has beeii licensed to appear in Yokohama, and isr ah ac complished samisen player. : District Excursion. — This annual ^excursion to Qhetmscliff and Sorrento will take place on Tuesday, February 17\. The Hygeia has been specially ^chartered for the occasion. Mr. John Derrick, hon. secretary, has everything well in hand, and, under hfe capable 'management, th^' success' of the excur sion is a foregone conclusion. Sunday Trading.— At the Lance' - field court on Wednesday, Mrs Walker, liceusee of the Macedonia .{lotel, was fined £2 for Sunday. tiading^ j Monthly Fair.— There was a splendid yarding of stock on Monday last. Good prices were realised, and the whole yard was practically cleaned. This is considered to be one of the best- sales ever held in the district. McPhail Bros, report appears in another column Mr Bunting, inspec tor Agriculture Department, inspected sheep in the sale yards, and found that the dipped sheep were without tick, the undipped sheep being infested with tick. He expressed pleasure at seeing that the Romsey shire council possessed a dip. Publications Received.'- The Feb ruary issue of ' Life ' is the breeziest and most widely representative num - ber of this popular Ahstralasiau magazine we have seen. The frontis piece depicts a series of* adventures With a kangaroo on a wayback station in N$w South Wales ; a railway presi dent in a stirring sketch shows how* the ftteaicddwn gang of a grfeat railway system works. TiIe P&icb; of Beer.— Recently a' Melbourne newspaper had an article with the fearsome headlines - ' The Price of Drinks : Will they be increas-1 ed?-' Tbd m^tropplitan boozers' hearts most have teen bowed down with sor row at. the mere thought of paying a [ 'tray' more for a pewter of their j ambrosial beverage. Wkddino ? — On the 20th nit.. Mr A. Bicknell, at one time local agent for the Massy Harris .Co., married Miss it. Mi Flanagan, 'the ceremopy took place' at St. George's, Carlton; Wrong Wage. — At the Lancefield court on Wednesday, the Lancefield and Dis'rict Dairy Co, was fined 30s. each on two charges of failing to pay their fcitiployees the rate of wages fixed by the Butter Board. Glenfe£n Estate. — Messrs Pearson, Rowe, Smith & Go., the well-known auctioneers, of Bourke-st., Melbourne, advertise that th'#y will sell by public auction oti Mondayj Februnry 9ib,' at th« Mechanics' Institute,' Romsey, at 2 p.m , the whole of the land in the a bove. It will be sub-divided into seven farms, Taryihg in size from 80 to 194 acres (thie homestead block) Thia fine property comprises some of the richest land in the far-famed Romsey district. Those in search of rich land should not miss this opportunity. 